Don't know if this helps, but the KSUB that is designed to be linked to this speaker has this for it's specifications: Frequency Response (-6 dB) 48 Hz - 134 Hz Frequency Range (-10 dB) 44 Hz - 148 Hz Also from the manual for the K10: "When using one of the top boxes with a subwoofer, the switch should be moved to the "EXT SUB" position to engage the 100 Hz high-pass filter. It is also recommended that the 100 Hz high-pass filter be engaged when using the K10 or K12 as a floor monitor to prevent excessive bass build up on the stage" That's everything that you're told in the manual about the ext sub function.
I am not completely sure what you are asking however, I just used my K10's with a mixer & they worked very well. Both were plugged in- the sound was very commanding - the only thing I would do different is buy the K12's for a bigger sound but that is just me.
No way. The K10s are plenty, plus the sound field is wider. If anything, would've went with the smaller K8s!
no
Super great, in fact because they have two separate inputs you can feed your keyboard to one, and monitor mix to the other. I've played all my life and these are about the best quality FRFR speakers I've ever had.
You don't really need a sub.. You can buy a jbl eon 500 it's good price
I absolutely love my k10s , really well built and sound great but I use them as stage monitors , mostly for my direct to house guitar setup . If it were me though, for main I think I would go with the k12s unless I would be using the k10s in conjunction with a subwoofer , your results may vary
This will work great .. Better with two of this K10 s
All speakers are designed to be either operated against a wall or boundary surface or operated in free space. It has to do with the design of the speaker dampening characteristics. In short, most speakers of this type are operated in free-space, so the manufacturer has optimized the speaker for this. Unfortunately this leaves it less optimized when mounted in corners or on or in walls or flat surfaces. It's a choice when the speaker is designed.
Hi Yes all K Series have the Option, But you must to buy the Remote Control
NO, is is NOT really compatible with a PC mic jack. This mic is designed to plug into a STEREO mic jack. Your PC's mic jack is mono. The PC mic jacks, and PC mics, have three contacts like this one does - which make many people believe they are compatible - but on the PC the contacts are mic, +5 power to the mic (this is why PC mics don't need an onboard battery, they get power from the jack), and ground. Not left, right, and ground as on this mic. It might "work" but it will not give you stereo sound and you will get sound from the mic's left side only.
Hi Nolan, this mic uses the standard 3.5 mm stereo mini plug and works on all kinds of vocals. -Ely
Yes. At least the unit I have says MADE IN JAPAN on it.
Yes, it does. I just got the ECM-MS907 for mine and it works great. You might have to play with the mic sensitivity setting for best results.
Yes, provided your software allows an external microphone...but even though the mic contains its own battery, it is not sensitive enough to record conversations at a distance (without gain applied by software or another piece of hardware). It will also require an adapter since this mic's connector is a TRS, while apple requires a TRRS...simply plugging this mic into the iPad will yield nothing (some microphones are made to address this connector difference and will work with iPad without an adapter). You will need an adapter such as the mCAM Mic Adapter, which will convert the iPad's 1/8" connection into two separate 1/8" jacks - one for headphones and one for microphone. This also allows for monitoring of the recording as it is happening.
NO, is is NOT really compatible with a PC mic jack. This mic is designed to plug into a STEREO mic jack. Your PC's mic jack is mono. The PC mic jack does have three contacts but these are mic, +5 power, and ground, not left, right, and ground as on this mic. It might "work" but it will not give you stereo sound and you will get sound from the mic's left side only.
This mic was of such poor quality that it is still sitting in my drawer.
"SPRUCE TOP"
The action could be high on any new guitar, especially when you buy it online. However this is not a defect, the action can always be adjusted with sanding paper and nut slot files. You can goto frets.com to get information on how to do this. The exception is when the guitar has a neck ANGLE problem, and only the pro can fix this, at a cost of about 600 $
Yes, but you will build up some callouses. The down side is that the finger board is wider and flat, bar chords are more difficult than steel string acoustic guitar.
The diameter of the sound hole is 9 cm.
Never played a Yamaha C40 that I recall, but I just bought a 1958 Goya G-10 for $125.00. It's pretty haggard, but it feels and sounds great. Stays in tune well, also.
It is standard for a a nylon classical guitar. Nothing special about it.
Yea I found awesome strings for mine at just strings.com look for thomastik-infeld kr116 yea my first set lasted 4 years and still hold tune great just replacing because they are worn in spots from playing
Dear Daniel Garanton, Thank you for your message. Unfortunately, we do not carry the C80 guitar. Customer Service, Southwest Strings
No, it is a right handed guitar. I have had this guitar for many years and it still plays as if it were new. All I have had to do is change the strings occasionally. My daughter likes it so much that I ended up giving it to her. It is the best classical guitar for the money in my opinion.
I actually went to a music store to buy a soprano recorder and tried a transparent one like you described. I prefer the one I bought not because of difference in feel or tone but because of looks. I did not like the transparent recorder. It was also cheaper on Amazon.
My 9 year old son (The owner of the recorder) was able to learn to play by searching for tutorials on Youtube. Once you know where the notes are...then ure good.
The instrument is made in Indonesia and the little carrying bag case is made in India. Yamaha is a very durable brand.
I don't know about Irish tin whistles. No it's big enough for a grown man to use. I have large hands and I can play it with ease. My 1 your old and my 3 year old play it the most.
There is a sopranino recorder that is shorter. But, they're professional instruments and not easy or inexpensive to acquire. Definitely not in the theatrical prop category. Try a toy store for a miniature recorder.
They seem to work well. It was for my daughter's music class and was recommended by the school.
It comes in a little canvas bag with a tie-up string
No
13 inch says the discription.
I don't think it came with a manual.
No. There is only one mic and one receiver. Two systems would be needed if you have two speakers using the mics.
Yes it should work.
I bought that mic setup but the sound quality was not what I expected but not sure why. I got a camera mounted boom mike instead with a long wire to give me better quality and versatility. This recorder should work with any camera with an audio out jack. Happy Thanksgiving!
Hi, this Sony Wireless microphone system is designed to be used with a video camera, camcorder and similar devices only. Its operation is by attaching the receiver into the video camera and the transmitter to will be connected or near the subject. -Ely
YES I would ship it the same or next day - depands where it will be shipped to
I believe you can, there is a monitor connection on the transmitter allowing you to hear the person speaking into the wireless mic. The mic isn't that great, I'm thinking of getting a different condensor mic to use with this set.
I had that happen at one location did you try all three channels?
Operation for this Sony Wireless Microphone is to connect the receiver to the microphone jack IN of camcorder, tape recorder etc. You may check you Panasonic HC-V201 if it do have mic in for the connection of the transmitter. -Ely
I wouldn't rely on this product. Spend a bit more money for a better wireless system.
Hi if you pay by Sunday you will have it by the 31st Thank you
Yes tnks
Always safest to deal with Amazon.
It should the only problem you might have is the adapter plug into the back of the keyboard if the size isn't quite right you'll have to get an adapter which is very inepensive.. very very inexpensive
Yes, that's what I use it for
Not sure of your model off the top of my head but I think they are standard on all Yamaha units and it woks perfect on mine.
after a quick look at specs,I would say not. Some can't have devices hooked in.
Yes
Absolutely!
You might want to check your manual, but it's a simple on/off switch with a 1/4" plug, which is pretty standard. The footswitch is very well made.
Seems to work fine on my 76 key DGX230. Not quite like on a real piano, but pretty decent.
I used it for recording conversation for a skit and it was terrible. This is a cheap crap
Fixed
Yes, of course!
I believe you could, I dont have one to test it on! It works in my kids little $25 Barbie Singer PA System she has, so IT SHOULD!
Yes , 1/8" mini jack.
I actually picked it up for just this purpose but I can't get it to work with my MacBook Pro. Its strange though, as it sees the microphone, but I cant record any audio with it. It could be that I've just got a setting wrong somewhere. Anyone have any suggestions?
I have never seen musical equipment (electric) that did not use a 1/4" cable. Some components made for home stereos or vocals use RCA jacks or 3 prong round jacks (I forget the name of the common mic jacks!), but 1/4" is standard for guitar, bass, and universal equipment. So they should work.
http://lmgtfy.com/?q=what%27s+a+guitar
Absolutely!
Hi and thanks for your question! After doing a bit of research into foot controllers such as your Roland GA-FC, I would have to advise the no, this cable would NOT be correct for connecting such a device, as it does not have the required 1/4" TRS-style phone plugs you would need. Rather, it has standard, MONO 1/4" plugs, such as you would use to plug an electric guitar into a practice amp. Hope this helps! Thanks for asking!
Going from guitar directly to sound board without direct box? Sure, as long as your board has 1/4 inch inputs, why not?
This hosa guitar cable is worth the buy.
Cable Will work, but don't know what amp ypu need for your hookup.
I wouldn't...speaker cables are longer and may be less expensive.
It's a standard guitar cable. Should work on any electric guitar
Yes. 1/4 male to 1/4 male. This will work for your guitar
I took a photo: &lt;http://imgur.com/G48f1C4&gt; I bought the 1' version. You can see that the entire thing is just over 12" long. Around 8.5" of that is cord.
It should. Just be sure you have a standard mic connection on your mic and a 3.5 mm input on the machine. Those sizes you'll have to confirm yourself though. You might need a regular mic cord, a mic to 1/4 inch, or something else entirely--depending on connectors.
Does the mic need phantom (external) power? If not, then if you hooked it up as a mic, (in contrast to aux input) it should work fine.
This adapter should work since it splits the audio source into stereo. The only thing is now in audition it will only pick up either a left or right input signal (to fix just switch inputs to mono in audition) Hope this helps
Yes, this is the right one. That is exactly the setup I use, and works great.
it should work
I'm not familiar with that headset but if it terminates to an XLR then yes, this should take that and convert it to a plug that would fit in a 3.5mm mic port. I'm not sure if the cable would let you HEAR anything, but I've been using it to come out of a shotgun mic and into my camera and its worked great.
If the receiver has a 1/8 mic jack, then theoretically it will work. I do not recommend it because you will experience signal degradation when using this product. IE, the mic will be super quiet, as it is underpowered. You will need a pre-amp or sound board, which will convert from XLR input to 1/4 output, while also giving the mic enough power to pick up sounds properly. 1/4 cords can have 1/4 at one end and 1\8 at the other, which will still maintain a good signal. You're best bet would be converting the XLR over a pre-amp or soundboard into a USB (or FireWire) output, which should plug into the receiver, or a computer. Bottom line though, is this converter sucks, and will not serve your needs.
Buy a 1/8" mono to 1/8" stereo adapter. Should be about a buck at your local Radio Shack or for a couple bucks on Amazon. Some cords that go XLR to 1/8" convert to stereo for you.
Yes. However your laptop will not read separate channels or anything.
No there was a lot of static a friend made an extra attachment to correct
It will but you might get some interference. I chose a mono cable.
I've never worked with that camera, but I would assume so. It connected to my Canon 5D Mark III just fine.
Of it has a mic input that looks like a headphone jack. Then yes.
It will not work with a shotgun mic, but a mono cable will work
If it has jack port it should.
It probably is, but I can't say for sure. The Azden 1X is self powered so it does not need power from the camera. Does the T5i supply power to the mic jack? If so, can it be defeated? Is the mic input to the camera balanced or unbalanced? This would affect the wiring diagram of the jack. Also, you need to check the input level and impedance of the camera and the same of the mic to see if they match. I hope this helps.
You're gonna need a female quarter inch to male 3.5mm.
This will convert male XLR to a male TRS. Both are balanced connections. I'm not familiar with the Kaossilator, but the pics I just looked up only show RCA connectors.
Yes it works, but this adapter introduces high atenuation to the signal, I suggest you to purchase this instead: Audix T-50K Inline Impedance Matching Transformer. It is more expensive, but it has much better quality.
No it won't.
I do not know that answer. I bought it to plug my microphone into my headphone jack of my laptop but I bought the wrong piece. It is the same size as my micropohone cable (which plugs into my amp) i ordered another piece and haven't received it after a month. I think we should both go to best buy, media play, guitar center or radio shack instead and get the right piece. :) Good luck
It depends on your interface. I have a Focusrite iTrack Solo to connect my gear, and I use it with Garage Band on my iPad, and with Presonus Studio One on my PC
I believe this adapter yields a mono split and not a stereo split.
About 8 inches
It is not a digital cable. It is an xlr connector, which is an analog microphone audio connector.
I have not tried it but logically it should work thecacable has no electronics it just carries the signal. So it should go both ways.
I have a Tascam with 2 XLR ins. When I run 2 mics I just plug them both in. If I am only using one mic, then I use this to ensure I don't get a channel of hiss. So this appears to be the opposite of what you want. This is a single in for a double out.
I'm assuming you mean that you want to use this cable to chain two amplified speakers together. If that's not correct, please clarify and I'll alter my response. But, in my opinion, I'm not sure if this configuration will work. I would assume that your speakers have a female XLR for the input. Due to that fact, I'm not sure if this would work if you were attempting to daisy chain the speakers in line. However, if you were trying to run two separate lines from a single output of a soundboard (assuming it was a mono output or you are running two left or right channel speakers for some reason), this should work. The point being, the input signal into this cable should be the female end, and the output signal should be coming out of the two male ends.
I found this to be a very satisfactory solution to provided twin channel audio from a single shotgun mic. Hope this helps.
This is not a gadget with buttons. It is a splitter. It takes one signal and makes it two. What you do with the signal on the other end depends on the boxes with buttons.
For my cables, the dotted side is the left side, and the solid line is the right side. In case there is a mismatch and it's the reverse... The quickest way I found out was by taking a song that images (certain sounds in the left and different sounds in the right) one way using headphones, or another source, and playing that through my iPhone. Once both sources had the same sounds coming from the right and left, I knew I had connected correct cable to each speaker.
The cable is a 'y' where the two XLR connector legs can be pulled apart all the way down to the 1/8" connector if you want. That would allow up to over 8 feet for each leg. Mine are used to connect two powered monitor speakers to an MP3, tablet, phone, etc.
Yes
Yes
This cable takes a stereo signal and splits it into left and right channels. Each xlr plug carries one of the channels.
It works for my iPad every single time I've used it. Also works with my iPhone and iPod.
I think no. Because it was intended as a connector between a CD or mp3 player or similar to a mixer.
It depends....what are you plugged into? Your Left and Right are combined? Or you just aren't getting any signal at all?
the short answer is no. The blue yeti pro requires phantom power, which is spec'ed at 48vdc from a standard XLR (although it does have a wide operating range). The power supplied by a computer sound card is not configured to supply phantom power to professional microphones, as in this case. There are microphones designed for use with a sound card that will work properly, in this case, the USB connection would be the (only) option without using an external preamplifier with phantom power (a two channel small mixer would work fine, which you could then route the outputs to your sound card.). hope this helps.
I have never tried that combo as I used the cable for outputs rather than inputs however it stands to reason it just might work if you trace it back the othe way... I suspect it might be a mono connection though...
Brand new in a box you get the turntable a slipmat with stanton emblem on it and a 520 sk cartridge with a stylus pre mounted. The seller of a used item might include less. Hope this helps.
There are several ways. If the receiver has a phono imput (and Yamaha phono inputs are some of the best on the planet!! -- that's how I would go.) use that with RCA plugs. If no phono input, and you want to use rca plugs (analog) -- there is a switch which activates the turntable's internal phono preamp, you can use the auxiliary input (aux.). Finally, you can use a (digital) coaxial cable. The turntable also has a digital output. So you can take your pick.
Use the spdif if possible.
I use it for external audio with my canon dslr's. The preamp in those cameras is pretty lousy, so expect mediocre sound quality. I use an external audio recorder for it and sync the audio in post. I use the H1 Zoom and get excellent audio quality. Definitely the recommended method of recording audio with those cameras. I love this audio technica set as well. Sounds really great.
The key thing to know is that the output from the wireless receiver is 1/8 inch. You would need a cable with an 1/8 jack on one end. The other end depends on what you are going into (music amps/consoles usually are XLR input or 1/4 inch). I have not done this. Not sure if that cable exists. I would suggest going to a music store to ask first.
You would need to plug into a speaker system. This should be do-able, but you may need an adapter to plug the wireless receiver or hand-held microphone into the sound system's audio-input. If you want to go cheap, plug it into a portable stereo. Otherwise you can get an amplifier (like a guitar amplifier) to deliver the sound from the microphone to an entire room. Need a longer cord for the microphone? Try searching for microphone cords/cables on amazon.
Yes. You should get a receiver with multiple inputs like the h4n zoom.
Yes. Just make sure that the jack is compatible to the transmitter. I ordered so many things that I can't recall if mine came with this system or not, but I do have a jack that serves as an intermediate transmitter cord that allows you to fit any other jacks into the transmitter. This system truly accommodates most of your needs.
No. The quality of this unit is not reliable for large rooms, open spaces or to pick up voices from a crowd.
Hmm... how far away is the mic from the receiver? This is not an issue that I typically have. Distance can play a critical factor, anything around 60feet and under is usually pretty darn clear. You can try switching between the A & B frequency settings, as well as trying things like keeping other transitting devices, like cell phones, away from the unit. If these things do not help, then you might want to consider contacting the seller or manufacturer, you could have a faulty unit.
I'm sorry, I'm no expert on the subject. I use this microphone without professional ambitions.
Yes, I use it on my D800 and my Canon Camcorder HS11. Works really great!
Don't know. We have a little Kodak Touch Play and it works well.
Yes
Yes they are both P-mounts, just remove the small screw towards the back of the cartridge, pull the cartrudge forward and replace with the new one.
It will fit if you use the included adapter; however, because of the fact that this cartridge is really intended for P-mount turntables, you would be better off to get a regular half-inch mount cartridge, which will fit natively on your Dual without requiring an adapter. I would recommend the Audio-Technica AT95E, which offers similar audio quality as the AT92E but is a better match for your Dual.
Yes.
Yes, this cartridge should work with all vintage turntable. It comes as a P-mount and an adapter for old style mounting.
Absolutely. Your table uses the P-Mount system this cartridge is meant for. No adapter needed, just slide this one in and you're good to go.
Yes, from what I can determine, the AT92E is very nearly the same thing as the AT2000XE. Adjust the tracking force to be about 1.5 grams.
Yes it will. The ortofon 20 though is a better cartridge. You will hear the difference.
Almost all turntables are either P-mount or half in screw mount. This is P-mount as pictured and comes with an adapter for screw mount. Should fit.
I just looked up your TT and it appears to be a standard 1/2" cartridge, so yes, this will fit and work on the XL-100. Only problem that may come up is that you need to use the included adapter and attach that to your headshell, so be sure to line it up just right. If you do that, you'll be good to go. For a couple bucks more though, I recommend the AT311EP from Audio Technica. Essentially the same cart, but with slightly better specs. I have both and tend to use my 311 more than the 92. Regardless, enjoy! http://www.amazon.com/AUDIO-TECHNICA-Universal-Turntable-Cartridge/dp/B0002ZUN1O/ref=pd_cp_MI_0
Yes, it will. You can also detach the cord and plug only the mic itself to the GO Pro. You might find it bulky, though.
Hi Ic, If the Action Camcorder supports 3.5mm jack. Yes, there is a windscreen available for it. -Vincent
Looking at the specs for this phone, I did not see recording capabilities. Your best bet will be to invest in a digital audio recorder or a compact camcorder such as the Flip UltraHD Video Camera. These devices usually have built in microphones as well as microphone jacks for plugging up external mics such as the Sony ECM-DS70P. I would do an extensive Google search for these products to find out what suits your needs best.
According to the owners manual for your device, the ECM-DS70P should work just fine. I get very good results using this microphone with other recorders, and according to the published information, you should get good results once you have made all the adjustments to your record levels.
Absolutely, use it on large rooms daily.
No, it does a great job, good quality for average size rooms or conferences. It does come in Sony packaging, at least mine did.
Hi Robert, this mic is mainly for use with computers and digital voice recorders with 3.5mm input. Please check the specifications of the head unit to ensure compatibility. Thanks_Mitch
Depends on which recorder. The pro recorders provide +48Volt phantom which has to be reduced to the 9volt max for this mic element. Some of the consumer recorders do have phantom on their mic input connections, but you must check the owners manual specifications to be sure.
Hi Matthew, plese contact your car stereo manufacturer to get an accurate answer. We can only provide support for Sony product inquiries. -Vincent
Yes, not a problem, mounting could be the only issue. Look at the Olympus ME51S as well.
Is that a question? If you're asking if this will work on the iPhone 5S you'll need some kind of mic input device. The plug isn't wired to take advantage of Apple's inline mic. I know there are adapters (iRig I think makes one?) try Googling a bit.
Not by itself. You would need to buy a Mini USB to Microphone adapter to make it work.
I don't know, but it works great on my Panasonic V 700 video camera.
Never tried that, so I don't know. Only issue I found with this vs other wireless mic is that it requires 3 batteries vs 2, which makes it that much more difficult to ID dead batteries causing audio failure....
I'm surprised it works at all with the iPhone 4S. I'd recommend the Zoom H1. It works well.
If a zoom recorder has a standard 1/4" or 1/8" Jack (hole) it should work fine.
Its a decent product. The range is not very good and there is some small noise (most likely due to the long and thin cord. However, for the price it wasn't bad and it did a great job indoors. Outside though, make sure there is no wind or other ambient noise.
You can find them at KMart, Walmart, Target or anywhere that sells batteries, really. It's a simplistic watch battery. Very common battery.
The mic is monophonic, using tip and sleeve on the plug. A stereo plug has tip, ring and sleeve. So, you are effectively shorting/bridging the ring and sleeve so you only hear a signal out of one side. This mic is really designed for a camera - I use mine for audio on my Canon T3i with great results. For stereo, you will need a stereo mic with an 1/8" stereo plug - e.g. tip, ring, and sleeve.
iPhones use 4-pin (4-pole, 3 ring) 1/8" connectors. You would need to get an adapter to make it function. I don't know if this product would work with the 1/4" adapter included, but it would probably be worth a shot: http://www.amazon.com/Peterson-Accessories-Musical-Instrument-Straight/dp/B002PC88X2/ref=pd_cp_e_2
Yes... I wondered the same thing... It comes w/ a lavalier mic.
I purchased this microphone is much better Audio Technica AT829MW Lavalier Mic for Pro 88W Transmitter Haim Ziv - ISRAEL
If you're using for a Sunday Sermon. You need to connect the receiver to the microphone 1/4 XLR connection at the back or front of the mixer but you need an adapter from 3.5mm to 1/4 XLR microphone then connect the wireless lavalier in your belt and microphone clip under your shirt. The receiver antenna has to be pointed toward you in order to work. Range is up to 350 feet. I purchase two set of this and it works for my needs. I used it for interview and short film to post in youtube. Good luck
I just check apple website and the connection is mono. you can connect this but you need a mono adapter in order to connect this wireless stereo. You can buy the adapter from mono to stereo adapter. Mono has one grove in male connection. Stereo has two grove
As long as your Gopro has 1/4 or 3.5mm connection for external speaker it would be OK
Yes, It works Great!
It came with a lapel microphone.
Thank you for your question. The Audio Technica Pro88W comes with a transmitter and receiver that allows you to place a microphone onto a person and record through the camera the audio. This is not what you would need to use for amplifying audio to an audience.
Hi, you have a velcro attachment to mount it on the back of a camera + the usual clip to attach it on trousers, belt, etc...
No
Yes
Not sure does it look the same ?some of them are interchangeable .... Cathy 888 656 2475
not shure about the turntable but look at the end of the cartridge you see the 4 prongs if your cartridge have the same that's mean the it will fit
Yes it will you will need to use the universal adapter. Might I suggest the similaly priced Ortofon Omega instead? It is better quality, better sounding and an ideal fit for your table. The Shure is a Pmount meant for a later generation of turntable.
This cartridge offers both P mount and has a standard 1/2 inch adapter so fit wise it will work on virtually any turntable where the cartridge is removeable and has a compabtible arm. This is a budget cartridge and performance wise will be a big step down from a V15. I am not familiar with the other model in terms of sound.
Yes it will but you will need to use the half inch adapter which it does come with.
Yes, this should work just fine on an SL-5. Any P-Mount cartridge should work as they are pretty much universal. Happy listening!
Yes it should work just fine as that table take a P Mount.
It will. It comes boxed with an Universal mount that will allow it to be mounted on any headshell. It's pretty much universal.
A shock mount is not used with this kind of microphone. Just a typical microphone holder will due. This microphone (e835) can be purchased for less than $100, and should come with a storage bag and a microphone holder. In fact, on Amazon you can buy everything you need for $99, including a bag, mount, and stand from Sonic Sense. Just search Amazon for e835 and you will see it. Btw, I don't work for Sonic Sense and have never purchased an item from them, just thought I would give you a heads up. Of course, the decision is yours as far as who to purchase from.
We use that mic at the church. People have said they hear speakers better and our recital people have used them with success. It was the best money spent so far.
Mine did not. I recommend the Audio technica AT2020.....it comes with usb cord specifically for computer use. I have one and its really clean and sensitive.
Yes.
Probably not. This mix is designed for close-up use, eg: handheld or on a stand by a singer a few inches away. Also this uses an XLR-type connector, you would need a bulky adaptor to plug into the little 1/8" jack of the camera. You would be better off with something like a Rode VideoMic, Audio Technica PRO24cm, or Sennheiser MKE400. They are all "shotgun" style mics so they'll have a tightly directional pickup pattern, they're engineered to sound great from several feet distance, and all three have a hot-shoe mount, super convenient! The Audio Technica is the cheapest and still sounds great, it's a steal. The Rode is a bit more but sounds even better. The Sennheiser is twice the price and as much as I like Sennheiser products in general frankly I don't think it sounds twice as good but it is very compact and solidly built. Those might be important considerations if weight bulk or conditions are a factor. Hope this helps!
This is not a wireless mic, it uses a standard balanced XLR connector. The Sennheiser SKM100 is the wireless version of this microphone (it uses the same capsule) and is compatible with the EM100 receiver.
The microphone can handle high SPL. If it distorts, there may be something you need to adjust in the mixer or P.A.
Yes and it exceeded my expectations. Very efficient and well balanced highs and lows. I have used mine for radio broadcasting and it sounds terrific. Best $100.00 I've spent on a microphone!
This mic has a standard XLR input on the back. You can use any standard 3-pin microphone XLR cable to connect this to a sound board, or other recording device.
Yes. You need an interface though. I use the Sapphire 6 USB and it works pretty good. There are many choices at different price points out there but I liked this one because of the strong pre-amps in it. http://www.amazon.com/Focusrite-Saffire-USB-Audio-Interface/dp/B002R9ILOY
Yes this will work with a Technics SL1200 turntable so long as you have a standard headshell to mount it on.
Yes
this should be very simple install, if you have fine motor control fingers, a little patience and some faith in yourself... protractor comes with cartridge, gets you very close to optimum horizontal alignment. Vertical alignment is intuitive, think ...stylus as 90 degrees to platter plane and your'e there. Adjust tonearm counterweight to float arm horizontal (level) then add 3/4 gram to counterweight, if cartridge skips, add slight heavier increments until it quits skipping... JOIN vinyl engine.com and you can find the specs and a lot of really knowledgeable fine folks to give further guidance. ANALOG is more fun than mp3 !!
Yes, absolutely! It fits and works very well. The Shure M97xE is a perfect match for the early AR turntable with the original arm, many of which were fitted in the 1960's and 1970's with a Shure cartridge such as the V15. Please remember to oil the bearings in the AR for a smoother ride for the M97xE. I recommend cleaning the brass clips on the headshell wires with 0000 steel wool or replacing them altogether for better signal transfer. Good luck. Enjoy.
Wasn't familiar with the PL-518, so I looked at the unit online. Looks like it should work. The Shure has the standard 2 screw attachment points, like the Pioneer headshell I saw online. My original intent was to use the old headshell from my 80's Technics TT, but the wires on the Shure were beefier than on my old headshell. I purchased a generic one from a local record shop (really), but you can find them on Amazon also. I've never owned a Stanton 680EE or other Stanton products. I found a rave review for this unit, however, so I'm sure you're happy with it. The Shure M97xE was a bit of a compromise for me, I found it for under $70 and it was reviewed well, so I went for it instead of the AT440MLA @ $140. I'm very happy with the Shure unit, and truth be told, I use my garage stereo more than my living room stereo, so I guess I'm not that picky anyway. Of course the AT440MLA is over $200 now, so kinda wish I bought it back then. Hope you find something good at Record Store Day tomorrow. Clark
Yes. Follow the installation instructions for proper tracking pressure and anti-skate setting.
Yep, looks like it will work for you.
I see no problems, this model turntable sometimes came with sure m-75 type cartridge, same mounting system as m97x requires. Aligned properly, it should provide good service.
Yes. Easy to connect, all the tools supplied, great sound quality!
Yes, it bolts into the removable head shell on the end of the tone arm, unscrew the tone arm collar, remove the shell bolts and then remove the wires with tweezers. Before mounting the new cartridge into the head shell slide the blue brush bar and stylus, one piece, out of the cartridge, it's easier/safer to mount the new cart this way and you can slide it back in when mounting is complete. Place the tiny bolts in threw the top of the head shell and slide the cartridges bolt carriers onto them, now screw on the tiny nuts. This is a fiddly job requiring patience, if this proves too difficult you can always reverse bolts so that they stick up through the head shell, this makes screwing the nuts on easier but it doesn't look so good. Use the supplied Shure mounting graph to adjust, square up, the cart correctly in the head shell. Lightly finger tighten the bolts with the supplied screwdriver so they are snug but DO NOT OVER-TIGHTEN, the nuts and bolts are made of light, soft aluminum and the threads are easily stripped. Next get some tweezers, fine needle nose pliers or small forceps and mount the wires from the shell onto the colour coded cartridge input posts. Once the head shell is mounted back on the tone arm place the whole record player onto a level table, important, revers or unscrew the adjustable counterweight at the back of the tone arm until the tone arm with cart/head shell attached floats freely level with the top of the round platter. Once level turn the gram number dial to zero without turning the weight, now turn both the number dial and counterweight together to one and a half to two grams, now your set. This is a cheap and cheerful way to mount a cartridge however there are many tools and gauges available for cartridge mounting that make the job easier and more accurate if you want to spend the money. Good Luck.
From the plug to the actual headphones its 4 feet. From the plug to the base of where the cord splits to go to each headphone its about 3 feet.
No they do not have a volume control. They are a nice sounding headphone, especially for the price! :-)
I wouldn't say they are TOO quiet, but they are not the loudest either. But in their defense, I have been told to turn them down @home/library. They are comfortable. My only complaint is I wish they had an inline volume control. I have to resort to my device for that... Good Luck!
The ear pieces surround the ear, are light weight and comfortable. They are of an acoustically open design, touted by Koss as an attribute. If you want sound isolation, this isn't for you. I am not familiar with the UR-20. I frankly prefer the KSC35 over the ear unit to the UR40. It has better frequency response.
Yes. I believe offers a life-time guarantee on their entire headphone line. The only thing that changed is the handling fee, and even then, they'll honor the lower fee if it's on the guarantee card. Koss is the greatest.
Don't know about impedence, mine has a 1/8" plug.
No, it is not noise canceling. You will hear everything going on in the room while wearing the headphones. No mic
No it does not. Still using them all the time although I have had to replace the cord after ripping them out of the headphones. but if you can solder its an easy fix.
Hi!... No it does not... The cord itself is rather short. In fact these is my second pair, `cause I pulled the cord too hard several times with the first one, and I ended up breaking them!... so careful there! I chose to buy the same headphones because of the sound they provide... Crystal clear! I still recommend them, especially for the low price :D
no but they dont go rediculously loud anyways. just loud enough to drown out that annoying airplane noise
Yes you can use them at the same time. Although the handheld is much louder that the lavalier microphone.
I believe with what you have described, it will work. The Azden WMS-PRO plugs into a single standard microphone jack.
Didn't work for me as the sound wasn't good (static etc).
I say yes because of one reason. You can buy an adaptor for $6. Altho i brlieve it should fit without it but i cant be too sertain since i dont have the camera you mention. As far as the mics themselve i say they really are as good as everyone says they are. However they do feel very cheap, and i can see them breaking very easily from a simple drop. I hope this helps, good luck. Fabio
This was a bit tricky for me as well... The receiver on the camera goes green (but shows red when you are on the wrong channel). The reciever on the camera stays red no matter what channel you are on - it just shows 'on'. I turn my Mic receiver on to show red, I then turn the camera receiver on to show green. That is the system that works best for me. Once you get it working, it is a great Mic. Good luck!
I wouldn't buy this set for dual interviews. One set cancels the other out.
I sent it back as it had a terrible quality with my Sony...
I don't know. I use my with Nikon dslr cameras. I am a client like you!
Will work with any camcorder having a standard mini-jack MIC input
I don't ever use the stock mic that came with it. I prefer the Sony Lapel Mic. I have a number of these and they work great.
It's a 9-volt...which seems a bit weird, you'd think they would standardize with something like a AAA, but it seems to last quite long!
Theoretically, if the speaker is "powered" as you say, the amplifier should be built into the speaker - hopefully it supports mic level audio, which it probably does. If you give me the model of the speaker, I can probably answer that for you. Now, getting the connection adapted may be a little more challenging. It is a 1/8" plug (same as a set of headphones) coming out of the receiver, so you'll need to adapt that to whatever the powered speaker has. Again, if you give me the model, perhaps I can help more.
I have two of these. I use one for groom and one for bride. I DID try to do that, using two transmitters and the one receiver - the receiver 'argues' over which one to sync with... Drop outs were occurring. So I think the practical answer is... no, you can not use two transmitters/mics to one receiver. Hope this answers your question.
If your computer has "mic in" NOT "line in" port, it should theoretically work (it's got a standard 1/8" headphone style wire on it). But the low quality of most "mic in" ports along with the fairly low quality of this microphone may not produce stellar results.
You could try and it should work. I haven't used mine on camera, but i have used up to 3 receivers with one transmitter with excellent results. Only the fourth and fifth receivers started making a bit of noise at a certain distance from the transmitter
I no longer own the unit, but running from memory... transmitter to mic (the part you'd attach to the subject speaking) is plenty long to attach the pack to a belt or pocket, and attach the mic somewhere along their neckline. So in the range of 3-4 feet. The one on the receiver is extremely short, under 1 foot.
No. You can not use this with iPhone.
Yes you can connect this Mic to a speaker with built-in amplifier
I'm not familiar with the Handycam model stated, but if it has a microphone jack with a level that can be controlled (or even an auto-line level feature), it should be operational.
Yes
Yes, just follow the directions on the can. This contact cleaner works great.
I have not used Kontak, but this does the same it worked best on my hdmi cables...
It should help with that as well as lubricate. Don't use too much.
Yup.
The Deoxit could crack the finish. I would avoid any spray on the paint/finish, especially if it is a Nitro finish.
NO. I believe there are too many plastic components in the keyboard which would get damaged by this spray.
Yes, USE ON: Adaptors Batteries Buss Bars Circuit Boards Commutators & Brushes Connectors Disconnects Edge Connectors Fuseholders IC's & Sockets Jacks & Plugs Model Cars/Trains (tracks, commutators, brushes, etc.) Musical Instruments (cables, controls, strings, etc.) Patchbays Potentiometers Power Tools (switches, commutators & brushes) Probes Solenoids Switches Terminals Tuners Welding Wire . . . and many more It is made by CAIG industries, http://store.caig.com/
I used it on electrical connections. I am not sure about game contacts - but I would expect it would work.
This article should answer your question. It appears Caig and Hosa are in partnership. http://www.hosatech.com/News/HOSA+TECHNOLOGY+AND+CAIG+LABORATORIES+EXPAND+DISTRIBUTION+PARTNERSHIP/117 I hope this helps
No - this is for attaching music devices. Try this instead: http://www.amazon.com/PS2-Keyboard-To-USB-Adapter/dp/B000BSJFJS/
There was a software CD bundled with mine. I found the disc unnecessary as the device worked "plug & play" for me.
Not that i know of. This connects a midi device, to a computer.
No, I don't think so, unless you have an old school microphone that pre-dates usb and is really awesome. I use mine for my electribe er 1, so you may technically be able to attach a microphone threw the line in on an electribe, but this wouldn't affect the midi connection anyway. So no.
Yes, I was using it with Mavericks, I've now upgraded to Yosemite but haven't used this with it yet.
The unit that I got is 6 feet long. It works great!
Hello Tommy; Really sorry I can't. I have Finale 2013 and just upgraded to Yosemite OS and my keyboard works fine. But I'm really not good at why or why not. Sorry.
Download the windows 7/8 drivers from the manufacturers website.
Yes, you can download the latest drivers from m-audio website. It work on win7
M-Audio has a support site on the web.
Every 800 to 1000 hours of play. If you play 3 albums a day replace every 12 months,4 albums a day every 8 months. You'll notice inner groove distortion as sylus starts to wear out
I had two needles break off with this cartridge. I no longer use it. I upgraded to a Linn cartridge and the sound was twice as detailed and full. I think this is a budget cartridge.
It is a very good stylus, but I don't know if it fits on your bracket.
As long as the compatable M97xe cartridge is fitted to the tonearm of the Onkyo, the N97xe will work great. I have a vintage Onkyo 1024F which is fitted with one, works great.
i don't know... i use it with m97xe...
According to the Shure website, no. http://shure.custhelp.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/2903/kw/will%20the%20n97xE%20FIT%20THE%20ORIGINAL%20M97%20cartridge%20BODY%3F/session/L3RpbWUvMTM4NzY5ODUwMS9zaWQvN2lraXFySWw%3D
N-92-E and N-111-E are genuine Sure stylus to use on m92e cart.
Kevin, Yes, this cartridge will mount to the standard headshell on your SL-23. It fits all standard tonearm headshells, including the Dual (German-made) plug-in design. This cartirdge, however will not work with the P type headshell mount (Ortofon). The Gimbal bearing on your Technics is high enough in the back to present a decent clearance for slightly warped records when played by the M44, as well as a decent palying angle for the stylus in the groove. The Pioneer PL-518 Gimble bearing has a flatter playing angle, which is perfectly safe on the records, but the warpage clearance is poor. This will be an excellent fit for the Technics SL-23. You will need the longer mounting screws for the M44. I believe they come with the cartridge. I didn't have to worry about the screws since I had quite an arsenal of hardware to mount mine. But, I do believe the classic, longer M44 mounting screws are in the cartridge packaging.
It fits a standard headshell. It comes with the mounting screws. Spacers are built into the cartridge body, so you don't need seperate little aluminum tubes for that. Depending on the type of headshell, different screws (a couple of millimeters longer) may be needed (like a Dual). Most of the time, though, the standard mounting screws that come with the cartridge work fine on the Japanese style P type headshell. Shure even provides a little screwdriver. You should be fine with this purchase. If you are using this to retrofit an older Hi-Fi set, you may need different threaded screws. Note that this cartridge will not work with Zenith Cobra-matics with the "radionic" tone arm. Those cartridges were capacitive FM modulators, so a modern, dynamic (magnetic) cartridge is not appropriate without modifications made to the pre-amp.
As a owner of these needles I would start by saying they are built rock solid and perform 100% well for me. The only variable would be a new or inexperienced DJ or Vinyl user my have his/her settings wrong on their turntable. Make sure your counterweight and height are balanced properly and your anti-skate is at a fair setting to allow the needle to set in the center of the record groove. If those 3 settings are set properly your Shure M44-7's will perform superior to alot of needles on the market today. If those 3 settings are wrong you would have an issue with skipping with any needle not just Shures. Normal playback is easy no skipping for me, same with scratching and trick mixing. I have no skipping and I am a club DJ. www.djdlowofficial.com
This unit is actually designed for scratching. I have mine set around 2.5 to 3 grams and they track perfectly and never jump.
I have 2 Pioneer PLX-1000's and they fit and sound perfect! You will love them!
YES IT WORKS.
It should as long as you have the appropriate headshell to mount it to.
Ok Jeff the shure m44-7 needle will work I just wouldn't use it on that type of turntable. That needle is meant for heavy-duty scratching and anti skip! Its very heavy, I would use something more like Audio Technica or ion replacement needles for that type of table. I hope this helps!?
If you mean more than one (additional), the answer is no.
Bob, I cant say for sure but I really don't see why this would not work on most turntables including your SL 1610 MK2. It works on my SL 1200 MK5 perfectly.
No, because of the type of tone arm mount that your turntable has.
Wish I had an answer for us but I like you're style! If it's a shure cartridge it might work
No, the N44-7 is a replacement stylus for use with a Shure M44-7 cartridge, that uses a standard 1/2" mount. Your turntable uses a "P" mount system.
Are you using a shure m-44 cartridge?
I googled some images of the M55e cartridge and they look extremely similar. If i had to make an educated guess, I would say, yes.
Yes, it is compatible/usable, on that specific turntable, as long as you have the correct-sized headshell.
Yes, will fit all M44 cartridge variations.
The CGS103 is a CLASSIC guitar. While the FG JR1 is an ACOUSTIC guitar. Classic guitars have thicker necks and rely on nylon strings. The thicker necks are made for easier finger picking styles like Spanish guitar music (Flamenco). You will notice on Classic guitars there is not usually a pick guard as it is more geared to finger picking/playing. The FG JR1 is more for typical acoustic strumming with a a pick and while can certainly still be played by finger picking, that is not its main intention. The FG JR1 has steel strings (versus the nylon on the CGS103) but you can always change the strings on the FG JR1 to softer ones if you want. NOTE: Do not put steel strings on a Classic guitar (like the CGS103) as they do not have reinforced necks and are not made for steel strings. Acoustic guitars can handle either. - Hope that helped a bit!
Hello Rahul, Yes, this instrument is good for kids. My child is under 12yrs and the size is perfect. All I had to do was allow her music instructor to tune it for her. Other than that all is well. I have not had any incident with it and it is still in good working condition. I am a very satisfied customer with this product. I hope this helps to answer your question Best regards
i wouldn't say it is just left handed
This guitar is 33 1/4 inches long. Good luck. Lauren
Yes, it has fittings for a strap. This is a very nice small guitar for the money. Hard to do better for the price.
2 - 7/8"
It's perfect for an 8 yr old. that is the age of my child that I bouht the the guitar for.
No
No, this guitar can be used by adults as well. I personally think it's about the size of an old parlor guitar. I keep it in my vehicle and practice with it, much nicer to have something smaller around. I've also used it as a 'camp fire' guitar but it honestly is pretty limited when playing with others just due to the size, it doesn't really get that loud but that's expected. It has a good sound and really good action, easy to play, stays in tune.
Really not familiar with this headshell - as long as it is traditional mount and not a "P" mount you should be ok. Issue I think is that this is a relatively high compliance cart and it mates well with lower mass tone arm / headshell combinations. I have a Harmon Karman Rabco ST7 tonearm that is very light and the cart works exceptionally well with it as the mass allows me to track at its 1 gram limit on the low side with the best separation and bottom end. By the way the brightness tends to tail off with hours of use. It is simply exceptional.....
Yes, the AT1240 will work with this cartridge. AT1240 is standard 1/2" headshell. Over time you will find it very convenient to have several headshells to mount cartridges for different purposes. It takes alot of care and fiddling to get a cartridge aligned in the headshell and once you do it, it is best to leave it alone, therefore, get a headshell for each cartridge. You just need to reset the tracking force for each headshell/cartridge, but you can mark the counterweight and spin it to the right value whenever you go from 33 rpm LPs to 78s. The AT440MLa would likely be destroyed by a 78. Get a super cheap 78 rpm cartridge if you need to spin 78s.
Yes, the needle is replaceable; it's model ATN440MLa.
Yes. This is ready to attach and use.
Yes, just set angle and force and it is good to go. Very nice cart
I can see that that turntable has a standard half-inch mount, and on a blog saw an at95 mounted onto it, so yes. I would just be precise about the tracking force, for the AT440MLa, that would be between 1 to 1.8 grams; and the VTA (incorrect VTA and (high) tracking force for a line-contact stylus like that in this cartridge may damage the record). (Tip: there are fancy turntable tracking force scales from manufacturers like Shure etc that cost upwards of $30. Digital pocket scales correct to 0.1gram on the other hand are all over the net and they cost $15 down. To use them, tape the turntable platter to the base or plinth so it doesn't rotate. You may have to remove the rubber mat to approximate correct VTA as you lay down the cartridge and needle smack in middle of scale and see the actual force (I set mine to 1.5grams).
Nope. Just mount it and set the proper alignment and you are good to go. Did you not like the Ortofon red?
You can use the existing counterweight of that turntable.
All you need is a screwdriver (which is not included. At least I did not receive one).
Yes, works fine. That is the turntable I'm using.
Output is RCA with a ground. There is no USB. There is also no built-in pre-amp. I purchased one also made by Pyle and it works great. Only negative to this player I've found is that it does not have an auto-return for the arm when the record is done playing. Had I known this, I probably would have shelled out a bit more for one that does, as the previous players I've used have had this feature... perhaps it's not common in "professional" players?
A very good moving magnet cartridge with Diamond stylus. Easily replaced with just about any type of cartridge. You can also change the headshell.
The turntable goes RCA into a preamp. The preamp will have an output for the speaker. The Pyle preamp I have has RCA outs and a stereo 1/4 output. You just need a cable from your preamp out to a 3.5mm.
You have to pry the clip off. It's only purpose is to keep the platter on during shipping. Notice the abscence of any clip on the front cover picture of the unit.
Yes it will work with 220. There is a switch under the platter where the record sits. All you have to do is flip the switch and you should be ready to go.
Maybe you need some sort of pre amp for the turntable for it to run on your receiver, Shure used to make one but I haven't seen one in quite a while. Do you have access to any other receiver to see if it works ok...it may just be faulty. Without getting my hands on it is hard to say just what the issue is.
the audio output has to be amplified before you can hear music on speakers.
No
No the amplifier phono input is good enough
No
They are full-sized. I have one. Paid out about $279 from Circuit City back in the late 1990s. Still going strong. No problems.
Yes, it works as you described. I was a little surprised by this when I tested it but yes, a soft touch produces a soft tone and a hard touch a much louder tone
Yes, the psr 225gm does have an onboard transpose feature.
I'm not sure, but can tell you that there are 3 touch settings (F73). I use setting #1, which is much like a piano, but not quite as stiff.
All microphones, except those at the end of a megaphone or bullhorn, need to be plugged into an amplifier (or preamp which is plugged into an amplifier) to which speakers are connected. The connection from the microphone to the amplifier may be by wire, or by wireless transmitter. For this particular microphone, the Nady SP-4C, the connection is by the included microphone cable.
That is so weird...i have that very keyboard,..yes it does.
It needs amplification (say, a mixer) and a cable adapter.
check your cable inputs. chances are most likely.
All mics, with the exception of bullhorns or megaphones and the like, need to be "plugged into" , either by wire or wirelessly via a transmitter, to an amplifier that feeds a speaker. The size of this mic is probably too large and heavy for the grip of an infant. Plus the cord may pose a tripping or "around the neck" hazard.
it is is 20ft. I am wondering if I should get it or not.
Yes it has the standard size jack for the microphone
This mic comes with a cable included
I don't know what that number is, but I bought this as a microphone for my daughters speaker system and it works great.
It will, great mic for the money, I bought 2 and they are great
You can find out here: http://shure.custhelp.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/122/~/can-you-explain-the-difference-between-a-sm57-and-a-sm57-lc-%3F
Valerie, Sounds like what you need is a good mic preamp. Some dynamics (SM-57) and ribbon mics (especially) don't have enough volume output, so a preamp is needed. For use with a PC, I'd go with something simple and inexpensive. MXL makes a XLR-USB mini mic pre that has a gain control for volume. Also, I hear the "Cloud lifter" by Cloud is good though it may cost a bit more. Bottom line, to pass the volume test you need to preamp the signal. Surprised your soundcard couldn't handle the boost, but I guess those aren't all made the same. Best of luck to ya.
To answer your question, I will use a quote I read in a recording article from DISCMAKERS: "When recording, such as in a home studio, before buying expensive microphones thinking that will make the difference, start with a standard microphone proven over time such as a Shure SM-58 or SM-57. If you can't get your vocals to sound the way you want with those then their is no reason to spend more for a higher priced microphone." The SM-57 & SM-58 are the basis for not only learning good microphone techniques but for also having a road ready microphone that will last a long time. Not having to buy a microphone because you bought a good one to begin with is money saved. Regarding recording, the SM-57 has a slightly broader frequency range so it is great for many instruments from tom toms to flutes and your voice is right their in the middle of those frequencies. Be sure to work the mike while recording. i.e. move in on the quiet places that sound intimate and back up if belting....not too much though or you can sound like you have dropped out of the mix. This moving forwards and backwards may be a matter of inches. But these suggestions are useful for all mikes. A wind screen for plosives can be helpful as well even though these mikes have built in protection for wind noise and pops but in recording it is especially important and noticeable. Have fun recording. It is my favorite musical activity. This mike may be just what makes you sound the way you dream of sounding BUT be ready to try many different mikes. I know of times when we recorded singers with expensive mikes like $4000+ NEUMANN and yet one of the ladies singing found her sound using a mike that was only in the $300 price range. The point is that every voice has a mike that makes them sound the way they want to sound so don't let an inexpensive price deter you from your hunt for the perfect mike for YOU.
Yes! Any XLR to RCA or XLR to 1/8" (whichever your camera has) will work. Keep in mind that this mic isn't as sensitive as a Condenser mic. It may suit you just fine or it may not be quite loud enough. However, this mic can take an impressive beating.
You could probably achieve it through changing the EQ on your mixer. Experiment and try. Personally, I have never heard of anyone saying the 57 is flatter and better for speech. 57's are known for miking instruments and many people like to sing through them......every singer has to find a mike that makes them sound their best. 57's have a wider response slightly over the 58's which makes them versatile for a lot of instruments and amps. But to flatten the EQ curve sounds like a job for the mixer or a separate equalizer patched in to your mixer.
This is a mic generally and historically used to record amplified instruments such as guitars, and brass, and is not generally used for vocals. I suggest you to look further for a mic particularly devoted for vocals.
Yes, it will work. I guess scarlet has its own pre-amp. I dont think it is the best for micing acoustics. Try a condenser...
The 'LC' means 'less cable' so you will need to buy the cable. The SM57 is a dynamic microphone and is often used to close mic amplifiers, drums and sometimes acoustic instruments. If you're not a huge audio nerd this mic will record anything you want it to with pretty solid results (in my opinion)
Noise gate? Are you talking about inherent noise in the mic itself or the rejection of sound off axis sound, such as the polar pick up pattern? The best source on either of these specs is the Shure web site. Print the PDF of the specs rather than relying on opinions.
no. it is just a microphone.
With this microphone, you will need an audio interface to enable a hook-up to your computer. The audio interface, like a USB mixer, will enable you to plug in the XLR connector from the mic into the mixer and then output the signal to your computer via a USB cable. I would suggest purchasing a USB microphone which will plug directly into your laptop or desktop. The Blue USB microphone was on sale at Amazon for $50 a few days ago. The AT-2020 is also a good choice. You'll then need a Digital Audio Workstation (DAW) in order to edit, enhance, save your work. There are free DAWs like Audacity and others that you can purchase. I narrate books for Audible.com and used the AT2020 for narrating a number of books with good results. There are better choices for a dynamic microphone than this PG48. I purchased this mic earlier this year and found it to be very "tinny"--not full bodied. I returned the mic for a refund.
Depends .. Sm57 is too bright sm 58 has more body just dont buy this 48
The microphone has a male XLR connector. You can get an appropriate cord to connect this to a standard sound system or get a Male XLR to 1/4" Male connector for a Karaoke sound system.
yes this is perfect for this
yes it does, you're going love this mic
ok you mean a guitar amp? I'm a DJ. Defective....
I believed so
yes and yes.
xlr male, plugged right into my dj mixer.
What do you want to do with the microphone? You do not need an amplifier for this microphone to work, only a recording device or another piece of equipment to play back the signal from the microphone.
The XLR microphone connector is for Analog [non computer] use, where you connect the mike to an amplifier and speakers. To connect an XLR-pin mike to a computer you need an XLR-to-USB connector or interface. Anything that is USB has to do with a computer. [USB stands for Universal Serial Bus.] This Shure mike came out before the computer era began, which was in the mid 80s - hence it is an XLR mike. Shure has come out with an excellent XLR-to-USB connector called - X2U. It is about $90-$99 on Amazon. You can buy the SM58 with the X2U for $199 on Amazon. XLR mikes need Phantom Power, which is provided by the X2U interface. It is not just an ordinary XLR-to-USB connection Cord. The SM58 (and SM57) is a DYNAMIC microphone, not a Condenser microphone. Just Google - Differences between Dynamic and Condenser microphones. Or - Which is Best - Dynamic or Condenser Microphones? The choice depends entirely upon your particular Mode Of Use. Most importantly, go through all the customer reviews on Amazon. On YouTube there are videos that demo this mike as well as other mikes. Check them out. Your Knowledge Base will increase considerably. Hope this helps.
I opted for the mic with a switch because it will be connected directly into an amplifier without a mic stand. At times, the mic will be set down on a hard surface and I wanted to avoid the 90db "thunk" that occurs as the head hits the piano top. Seemed well worth the $5 premium to me.
Yes, you can use it to a non- phantom powered pa system. Even am using this microphone without Phantom power. I suppose the second part of your question truly depends on your USE, i guess in SM series (expect the condenser mic SM27, SM7B) don't use Phantom power. Here i have a link for you that might help, http://www.shure.com/americas/products/microphones thats all i kno. Hope it helps you
You can use it with the Microkorg if you get an impedance matching transformer, which will also convert the XLR to 1/4in. It may work with a simple cable adapter, but not as well.
No cable. Includes clip and soft case.
Shure mics are made in Mexico. However, counterfit copies are made in China and Tailand. The SM58 is a great mic used professionally worldwide. Look at the XLR pins on the bottom. They should be labelled 1,2, 3 . A copy does not usually have this. A new SM58 won't sell for less than $98.
Excellent product and good service
this microphone do not use battery , it's a very good product. Regards
it is very well worth the money other microphones sound canned or "tinny" this has clear tones... I have three other mics I only use this one for karaoke...
I recommend either the Str8 or the St. They're both fantastic tables. I use the str8's for mixing house and for personal single listening of rock albums. I have owned many decks, and these are excellent.
Hi, No, it should not be a problem - the 97 is more of an audiophile style / listening cartridge - while the 447 is often preferred by DJs .. but you would not have a problem with either cartridge. Please let me know if you have any other questions. Jennifer Millennium Worldwide
yes dont sleep on this table no ani skate issues its a tank
Hello I purchased mine used off of Amazon back in July this year and have had no issues with it at all an I use it daily. Hope this helps.
Nope, it doesn't come w/ a dust cover
120 volts
I wondered the same thing. But the tables I received were black with the blue logo. They look awesome. The needle and the slipmats are great too.
Hi, The Straight arm is only good for scratching - the needle sticks to the record more - but it also wears out your records faster. Unless you are a scratch DJ, the S-shaped tonearm is by far superior. Please let me know if you have any other questions. My very best, Jennifer Millennium
Each of the units has comparable advantages and disadvantages. If you are looking for more current dubstep-style bass resonance, you will probably prefer the MiniNova. If you are content to do without that, the Korg has similar classic synth sounds, including trancey industrial sounds.
you will need an interface to record an analog line level signal into a computer. you can hook it up usb from midi with a converter, bit you will only be communicating MIDI signals, not analog sound. That goes for most usb connections between digital keys and OS's. You can control virtual instruments using it as a midi controller but thats not what you buy this for. For example though:you could control the microkorg with another MIDI controller if you want bigger keys, and with a controller with surface control faders /knobs you can assign all functions to those as well. In summary: No it doesnt come with editing software.
http://i.korg.com/Warranty
You can get a midi to usb cable to do the trick. I have a TASCAM unit that I run my keyboard and mic thru though, because my mic needs phantom power. It came with the cable needed to connect to the PC. The biggest difference would be the price and what, if any other needs you may have.
Well, you wouldn't really wanna use a sustain pedal with this particular keyboard, but the 4th knob on the right acts like a sustain adjustment. But to answer your question, no I dont believe you can use a sustain pedal with it.
Yes it does and it also can be powered with AA batteries.
Doesn't come with anything else.
When I needed one, I simply bought a broad spectrum selectable adapter... radio shack has them, so does amazon. they're a bit more pricy, but they are useful for other equipment. A good one will allow you to choose both the voltage/amps AND the polarity so that you can be sure not to fry the circuits in whatever hardware you're powering... you can find out what voltage and polarity you need by looking at the panel on the unit, or by checking the user manual.
No
Sure you have both right and left channels and the left channel is the mono out. Headphones too.
It's about 6.25" tall
The rack is only deep enough for an equalizer or a crossover. It's a good case though. I use it for my lighting controller.
from skb site: http://www.skbcases.com/industrial/products/prod-detail.php?id=122#.VGEJuIhOKrU
No it won't fit. It's only about 10" inches deep.
Absolutely I just checked the specs of the peavey tour series 450 manual specs vs the actuall skb unit and should fit with no issues
No. That amp is 15.2 inches deep, too deep to fit in a shallow rack case.
No. I've set mine on another 4U case and it's fine. I don't think it would move around or scratch anything though.
It doesn't look like it. The Behringer 2500 specs can be found on page 12 of this manual: http://www.behringer.com/assets/ep2500_p0183_m_en.pdf
I believe mine came with 8. Very happy with the case :)
Yes. 4 screws secure it in place and it works perfectly with the YPG-235. I purchased December, 2012
I don't know...I'm not familiar with the moxf8. This stand bolts to the bottom of the Yamaha keyboard which I had...the keyboard is only 76 keys wide...about 47-48", as I recall. It was actually given away as a gift. Sorry I can't be more help.
I have the ypg235. I am not sure how similar it is but it did fit the 235 perfectly
I'm not sure about it. My Yamaha is DGX235 and it fits perfectly. I would recommend to check the size of your key board. The length from where you can hook the board is 41". Hope it helps.
Yes, I have the ypg-235 and it fits perfectly
don't know
Not a full keyboard. It only had 76 keys. A solid first starter for a kid though.
From the Yamaha FAQ page: "Yes, the LW-16 is compatible and is the recommended furniture style stand for the DGX-230 and YPG-235. (Manual, Page 116.)"
Since the whole kit contains a full-length bass and amplifier, I would say that the box is about 4' x 2' x 1'
Well its a tad high. I will say that it's a decent instrument for the money. My son (14) has become a pretty good bass player using this guitar. Personally, I think it's a great starter bass for someone who wants to learn the instrument.
Everything comes in one large box.
Unfortunately, we are unable to ship any of our Amazon orders outside of the United States.
Bad ones. When I got mine, the top one BROKE as I tuned to STANDARD.
Unfortunately, we are unable to ship any of our Amazon orders outside of the United States.
Yeah, but I wouldn't recommend this pile of crap. I'd rather you get a good beginner bass, like an ESP B-15 5-string... This one sucks ass.
Common body woods for bass guitars are agathis, alder, ash, and basswood. I couldn't find any specific information for this model, but based on mine I would say the grain looks the closest to ash.
Yes it has a full scale. The neck is small though, if really is great for young or beginner players
Same thing happened to me! But luckily I actually COULD return it. You just need a receipt.
For sound quality, I would go for the AKGs. To me they have a much flatter and cleaner sound and have excellent mids, which is good for mixing vocals especially. The Audio Technicas are good headphones and have better bass, but the mids are a bit recessed so they aren't the best for mixing vocals. However, my experience with the K240s is that the build quality is very poor and they break very easily. The ATH-M50's have much better build quality, so that's another thing to consider. It doesn't matter how good your headphones sound when they're broken. One last thing is that the AKG's are open backed headphones whereas the Audio Technicas are closed back. So if you want to avoid feedback during live recording, the Audio Technicas are the clear choice. I hope this information helps.
9-10 Feet.
Designed in Austria, made in china.
Having regularly used these headphones for two years, I never used a headphone amp with them. I plug them in directly in everything from my studio mixer down to my tiny iPod nano. I've had nothing but loud, clear sound from these babies without any additional hardware.
I don't wanna avoid your question but i can say they cover all your ears, you feel space between your ears while listening music.
No, it isnt coiled, but its very thick. However the cable can be replaced, its has a XLR female and a 3.5 mm audio male.
Generally, no. These aren't really heavy on the bass, unless the artist recorded the music as being very heavy in the first place. They sound very good, but if you're looking for that THOOM, I'd pick some other headphones.
Good question! I have worn these up to 5 hours at a time (with little breaks of taking them off for whatever reason) and have never experienced headphone hair or "hair denting". I think the answer you seek has more to do with what your hair is like and how you might style it or have it while you wear these. Personally, I have chin length, thick, and wavy hair that generally stays flat on the top of my head anyway. The fit is relaxed on my head, haven't measured circumference or anything, but from hats and whatever else my head is generally large or larger than most. These headphones are also pretty adjustable. So - my best guess and instinct is, no. Also, this forum: http://denkirson.proboards.com/thread/6665/fix-headphone-hair
Yes they work in any standard size (3.5mm) headphone jack
The AKG K-240 headphones have a 3.5mm (formerly called 1/8'') stereo audio plug. If you have a major brand laptop or desktop with any brand of audio card with a circular output plug, this should fit your system physically. The electronic settings of these headphones should allow you to use them with any desktop, laptop, or even cell phone. THE K-240 is an update of a headphone that I'm told has become one of the leading choices for professionals who work with spoken word recording, so it should also be one of the best choices for your intended use. I can tell you they are extremely accurate in reproducing sound. I can also advise that they have been exceptionally comfortable for extended (12 to 18 hour) constant use in my experience. (Particularly if you are a Prime member, give them a try... you have nothing to lose if you don't like them and need to return within 30 days.)
This product works great with good voice recognition software, I use it with Dragon Naturally Speaking. And yes, you can find the XLR adapter on Amazon.
It serves only as a MIC...I bought it a few months back really sturdy and solid MIC too.
Not without an adapter
I've never used the 2 you are talking about, but this shure WH20XLR sounds great for what I'm using it for.
It's dynamic and does not require phantom. You will need to bring your gain up higher than you would on a confessor. The sound quality is excellent and very similar to other Shure mic products l(like an SM58). This head worn mic has work exceptionally well in our band environment
You can plug it directly into a PA but you will most likely need an XLR cable (microphone cable) so it can reach.
This unit come with a XLR male three pin male witch has at pine one hot pin two ground and pin three cold http://www.toffer.com/wp/2008/08/07/3-pin-xlr-wiring-diagram/ the mic dose Not need any outside power from anything. Amp phantom power or battery is not needed
It connects to an external amplifier, not a laptop.
Yes
Yes
i cannot answer this question because i have my LS-3700 but ive never had a songs from 2013. Maybe because this is a good karaoke microphone . you have to get it
No!!! So far so good. I love my leadsinger and very happy too. Hope neve got trouble.
Did you set it up properly on your TV? How long did you have it? I have mine for 11 years and changed my TV about three times and it works beautifully with all makes of TV.
Yes, There are a couple. There are also lots by Elvis Presley, The Beatles, Tom Jones,The Carpenters, Madonna, Michael Jackson, Olivia Newton-John, and lots of other famous singers.
The headphone jacks are 1/8". I have no experience with a wurlitzer, so can't really compare, and in any case the "feel" of a keyboard is a pretty subjective thing. FWIW, I can say that this unit has a decent piano feel to me, but I would recommend getting your fingers on one to try it out.
59x15x9.5 inches
Yes.
I'm sure you can add gels, but I don't see any built in place for them, you'd have to custom rig it. Search Amazon or Google for lighting gels, is my best guess to finding them.
I am unsure of that. My husband used it to DJ a party in a banquet hall that held over 100 people. It did well but it was mainly for the dance floor area. Hope that helps.
No
I no longer have this item, but when I did I simply hung it from where a ceiling light fixture had been previously installed.
Have you considered that it may be just broken ? It should light up right when you plug it in. Play with the sensitivity ... If still nothing them obviously it's broken.
I haven't tried it with other music, but I don't see why it shouldn't react to any kind of music. It is REALLY bright and goes pretty fast so don't look directly into it for too long! :D
yep, plugs right in. 3 prong.
I'm thinking, yes. This is one bright, large, and intense strobe. I'm certain a rat would be freaked by this - but for how long - a few weeks, maybe not. my .02
Yeah, Don't.
This sub uses 1/4 inch stereo cables
One subwoofer will work caution about this item poor construction .
It is a single Speaker.
No it does not. This is a subwoofer and requires a separate amplifier.
22.8hx18wx15.8d
Single
Just one unit
This speaker comes with a 1/4" jack to plug in a music player or phone.
U could but I wouldn't.....
thank you ford you atention ansory chance espeaker ford my money pleace ispanich pleace 8604187398 n.b. c.t.
need an amp of some sort. Be careful - not "these!" Unless things have changed this is not for a pair. When I purchased it was for one speaker only. I just read the other guys response and I have no idea what he is talking about. These are ABSOLUTELY not self amplified.
Technically yes, but the sound level may be too low for it to be useful. On my laptop, the Realtek audio chipset isn't powerful enough for it. I use a USB sound card (Creative X-Fi Go! Pro) that does a decent job of powering it. Condenser microphones like this use capacitors to detect sound waves, and so require a voltage to actively be place across it and for this specific one, built in laptop audio chipsets tend to not provide enough voltage even on maximum sensitivity, it may be a different story on desktops, but I haven't tried. If you are worried, Sony also sells a similar model with an inline battery pack that should work nicely and contrary to the Amazon description, this model does not have one, and is not compatible with any Sony battery pack. I would personally recommend a USB microphone or one of the $1 ones since they are easier to power, but may not give the clearest recordings.
This unit cannot be directly use with normal device since it need to be powered. A battery adapter need to be added on line with the cord and the pin assignment need to match with the phones too.
36+ inches.
Yes it will. I just tried it.
There is no extension cord that comes with the mic. The cord is about 1 m. long.
Hi Juan, the cord is 1.5 mm in diameter and approximately 1 m in length. Thanks_Mitch
Hi george meyers, this Sony ECM-CS10 doesn't have any USB Bluetooth adapter nor support Bluetooth connection. -Ely
Hi Raymond, yes, the camcorders' mic jacks are standard in size. Thanks_Mitch
While I do not have the Handycam Camcorder to confirm this, I am quite certain it will work. Both products are Sony.
You plug it into any audio recorder with a 3.5mm or 1/8" microphone jack and talk (and turn the recorder on), that simple. I have personally used it with a Sony ICD-AX412 and a Tascam DR-05 and both work just fine. It probably won't work very well plugged directly into your computer unless you have a high end sound card.
Positive. Worked just fine with my older Casio Privia piano. Hard to find.
Yes. It did for mine.
about 16 feet
Sorry, I do not know. It worked great with my PX-110 but I have not attempted to use it with any other board.
During a move, we lost the plug for my son's Casio keyboard. We ordered this plug and it has worked just fine!
We do have an adaptor in stock, # CAD12M3XX. -AD-12MLA (U) but, I'm not sure what you mean by "FC2"?
I ordered a Casio AD12 for my Privia-100 and it works great. I believe all the Privia line take the same AC adaptor spec. The one I got didn't look like the one pictured -- it's a smaller, lighter block, with outlet cord on one side, thin adapter cord on the other, but that actually worked better for me, gave me more extension.
I have a PX-110 and it worked great for me. Don't know why it wouldn't work on the 200, but I don't know for sure.
Yup, worked for my CDP-100
I have a PX-110 and it worked for my keyboard, but it is a little loose so it can fall out easily, but it works fine. No problems so far and I have had it since May
Did a quick measurement and it looks to be about 10 feet.
No.
The iPhone port is dual for both sound and mic input. This is just mic input. So for an iPhone to listen and speak you'll want a mic/headphone made for that device, ala the Apple one which comes included.
Yes, you just plug the Zalman into the mic slot and clip it on to the V-Moda's cable. It will be detected as a stand alone mic and work fine.
Oh this mic is very sensitive. It gets all ambiance noise (fans, dogs barking, etc) My brother uses for gaming and is no good.
If you fold your collar, you can clip it on
I've had it for about 6 months now. I use it daily and haven't had any issues.
No, it is a microphone. A DAC will clean up audio signals for a pair of headphones.
Yes, it does. I am currently using it with mine :)
No. you'll need to buy a microphone adapter to plug into your phone, and that's about $20. you'd be better off buying a pair of headphones that have a mic on them
It's for a pair. I paid $300 for mine a few years ago. Good price here on Amazon but a Google search will show them for even less. Of course, I can't vouch for the integrity of the other sellers.
Tweets are 1" dome and woofs are 5 1/2" baffle. In this case size does not matter. :) They sound pretty big.
I own a pair of these monitors. I'm very happy with them. They are passive not active, so they connect to a stereo amp just like any, regular speaker with the standard speaker wire of your choice. You can either wrap the wires around the posts and screw them tight, or you can use banana plugs (which I did). If you go with banana plugs, I would recommend getting ones that you DO NOT have to solder (which I did). It was a hassle and I don't think the connection is any better than a non-solder banana plug. As for your Focusrite Scarlett 212, I don't even know what that is??? So, I can't tell you if it will work. I can tell you that these are great speakers.
Hi Larry, These have no covers and are as shown. Pretty hefty product as well which I think is good quality.
They do not have mounting holes and brackets. The best way is to buy suitable mounting brackets, which would allow some distance between the speaker and the wall.
These are 4 ohm speakers and they can take a lot of power, 120W continuous, 200W peak output. if your amp isn't rated for 4 ohm speakers you could burn it up trying to drive these. Older amps were typically rated for 8 ohm speakers.
pair
No on/off switch, these speakers are 4 ohm and require a 4 ohm amplifier.
It should be a pair.
Like most professional microphones, it does not. Most audio engineers do not want a switch as it introduces another point of confusion during a production (why no sound? Did the talent flip the switch? etc). If you absolutely need a switch for a special application, there are microphone cables with build in switches.
It depends on if you're talking acoustic or electric. Will it work for either? Yeah.... but my go to for heavy distorted guitars is still the 57. On acoustic I usually use a pair of KSM 109's or AT 4047's.
yes. but for the price and the reputation, it just doesn't get much better
No, see photos.
This is a standard low impedance analog output. You will need a soundcard with a microphone preamp commonly called an interface. For example, the Focusrite Scarlett 2i2
i had to do some research on that one. i have the original box it came in, and i couldn't find it anywhere. it seems it is manufactured in the good old USA and assembled in Mexico from what i can find out on the internet.
the sound is so much richer on the Beta. As a professional singer, one must have the best tools. It's been a favorite of mine for 15 years. My old one got lost, and I've been dreaming about getting another for 5 years..Happy!
Hi, this is a dynamic mic, so it doesn't need phantom power, just needs a balanced XLR cable and a place to plug it in!
it sounds great I have used the 58 for many years and it is the one for me. I think you will really enjoy singing with it
I got it for my brother and he used it at his first concert back in January and loved it. Not cheap at all - so the one I got was hopefully real.
No this mic is intended to plug into a wireless transmitter pack that can be worn.
Excelente !!!
No it will not, the mini xlr jack for sony is male and this mic is female
We use the mic with a belt transmitter and the receiver is connected to our sound system. We don't use a camera with this mic. We replaced an over the ear mic with this mic.
The type of mic used by ministers or public speakers really depends on the choice of the individual or else what is available. We have this mic and an over the ear model. Most choose this lavalier type. It gives good sound reproduction.
No, it won't work!
It can work if you have an adaptor from mini xlr-4 to xlr
I'm not sure to be honest with you. Sorry.
I have not used it for that application, buy I would think that it would work well at removing any corrosion if it exists. It can't hurt in any case. I've been using DeOxit for many tears and have found that it works wonders on any and all electrical contacts. One area that people forget are the various ground straps or cables they have in the engine compartment. Disconnect them and clean well with De-Oxit and replace tightly. I've seen cleaning the grounds fix some strange electrical problems.
I have put it in circuit boards, plastic terminals, battery terminals, CPU pins and use the aerosol form to spray entire wiring harnesses with no detrimental effects on and plastic or synthetic materials. I have also sprayed inside switches and potentiometers with terrific results. If it has contacts or mechanical electrical connections, CAIG DeOxit D100 is a necessity.
most memory is chips on a card - DeOxIT will work on the Contacts on the card that connect to the motherboard of the computer. It will work on any electrical contact you can see. But the connections INSIDE a chip are Not accessible. Also, if your computer's memory is an SD card - it will work on the little fingers on the SD card - but not inside the SD card.
The spray is easier to coat switches, jacks and contacts that can't be reached with a brush. Remember, the less used the better.
I don't think it would help silver contacts because silver oxide is a great conductor and I wouldn't want to wash it away. It won't help pitted contacts. I'm not for wholesale application of any cleaner (spray) around contacts. I feel this product works best on copper to copper or coper to steel connection points and switches. This stuff has low surface tension and the smallest of drops covers a lot of area. I always wipe away excess. It cures noisy connectors. If you like the shotgun approach of spraying multiple contact relays this can't be any worse than other products.
D100 is a great product, however unnecessary since the G100L will clean as well. G100l is for gold connections, D100 is for all other metal connections. I use them both. I use the G100l for computer connections, even CPU pins and memory strips especially for humid environments. I use D100 for all other non gold connections. Both products work wonderfully to clean and prevent corrosion. Gold for gold, red for everything else.
Absolutely!! I have used this liquid to clean my ham radio, flashlights, clock battery holders - its uses are unlimited.
apparently Amazon confused the description. There is a Rolls MX51 and a Rolls MX51s. The non-s has 1/4" inputs and mixes to mono. The "s" model had 1/8" input and XLR input and mixes stereo.
Not me. Are you trying to drive speakers directly from the MX51 without an amplifier? That's not what it's for!
Should
I'm guessing you want to hook up a microphone and another audio source like a CD player or iPod at the same time and be able to mix background music in realtime, rather than having to edit a multitrack recording after the fact in GarageBand or similar software? This little mixer will work fine for that purpose. If you are thinking of mixing multiple microphone inputs simultaneously on one recording (several people talking at once), it won't work for that: you'd need a bigger mixer with more than one XLR input jack (as many as you plan to have mikes going at once).
You just move the jumper in the back from pins 1&2 to pins 2&3 and then phantom power will be available on Ch1 Input (the XLR connector on the back).
It has multiple inputs and one output. Connect all of your source components (your DVD player being one of them) to the inputs and connect the output to your TV or stereo.
It has a 120VAC to 12VDC adapter that is rated at 100MA but I just sold my last unit so I can't run a current check for you.
Yes, we can accommodate this request.
This picture appears to be 3 stacked together. So, just 1 would be the actual picture.
I believe it is made in China.
I Believe It Would For An Alto Sax. Mine Is A Cannon Ball Large Bell. Daughter is In College Band And Uses It On Her Bike And Walking. She Loves It !
PB304CTRX
Hello. I am sorry, but the tenor case is no longer produced in Red Color and there are no more in stock. I have Black, Blue and Surplus Green color available for tenor. Thanks! Rick
Yes, Brazil shipping is $65.00 USD- about 2 weeks to deliver. Thanks for your interest. Rick
The case is about 35.5" long overall. With the case sitting on its feet (horizontal), the bell end is about 14" tall. It can also stand on the bell end.
Absolutely - any trigger horn, Thayer valve, or Lindberg valve, (and probably Shires TruBore valve) will fit fine.
I think so...it fits a standard tenor bone, like my King 3B and my Yamaha YSL-691. Great case! Unless you're planning to ship your P-bone or check it at an airport, this might be overkill. Tommy
Easily. Although not sure a P-Bone would need this level of protection.
Not sure how wide the King Symphony is, but it'll easily fit any Bach, Edwards, Yamaha, or Conn.
There is no specific place for a cleaning rod. In high school, I nearly ruined my instrument with a cleaning rod. I never uesd one again
Yes, it will fit any deep, mid depth or contour bodies.
Dimensions from head to bottom end: 43 1/2" (note: there's a dimple in the lower section to accommodate the strap button, which makes the measurement closer to 44"). Widest dimension is 16"; waist dimension is 11"; and the bowl is 5 1/4" deep. Medium bowl Celebrity fits perfectly. Hope this helps.
Yes, this case fits mid and deep bowls, both round and contour.
If it has a mid depth bowl it should fit.
Yes, quite nicely! It is a beautiful case and perfect for medium body Ovations
Since I fit a 20 year old Deep Bowl 12-String in it, I have to believe this case would fit just about anything Ovation or their other guitar lines has to offer.
Yes
Yes
This case was made to hold an Ovation guitar with a round/bowl back. It would not be a good fit for a traditionally shaped guitar like your Ibanez.
My Celebrety cc24 fits it beautifully. Not sure the difference between our models. Hope this helps.
It fits with room to spare on my Casio PX-350 -- 88 keys, and a little smaller (front-to-back) than a Yamaha DGX. The material is _very_ stretchy Lycra, it should cover a DGX nicely. Gator gives suggested dimensions -- compare them to Yamaha's dimensions for the DGX to be sure.
I'm sure it will. Because there was more than enough to fit my piano. And the whole thing streches so it should fit any piano.
It covers it very well.
Very likely. It fits my Yamaha P105 with plenty of room. It does stretch and it does have the draw string. Could fit smaller and larger.
It should be fine. Mine covers a Korg that is 17" deep by 52 wide. And it has room to breathe, yet stretches tight.
if it is the same size as a yamaha P255, that's what I have.
We use this for a Yamaha Digital Piano P-35 and it works great!
Yes it will. Very easy to hook over one end and pull across to other end by yourself. I just leave music stand on and let it go around it. Good product. Good fit.
I suspect it would as all standard 88 keyed pianos are the same width.
We used it for a live setup. This go a the end of the preamp chain. This way we process the final mix of the instruments. There are people who use it only for bass instruments as an instrument effect with good results.
Explain a little more
The BBE 882i will greatly improve your sound quality. If your system is for music, then the sonic maximizer is the way to go. For voice only you should hear some improvement.
It would have to be connected between a pre amp and a power amp. This unit makes everything sound better!
The answer is yes; relatively. The 882i is an excellent tool, I've had it for years now, and it makes my set-up sound bigger (and sharper) than it really is. The low boost really sets your subs free!
I'm sure its compatible because it is also used for audio recording and indoor/outdoor sound system.
No, in my opinion actually the opposite. They have a very mellow tone.
They are for acoustic guitars.
they work well with a pick or fingers.
I'm not sure but they look the same to me. It says they are the same gauge. The ones I got are all silver color and have a nice feel to them.
3/4 of an inch
Yes, just one pair. They work very well. Nice bright sound.
A little over 9".... Thanks for asking - and a reminder to buy ten more.
Yes it is. Im a gal with small hands and it works just fine :D
Guitar does not come w/a case & a case does not come w/ a guitar
The guitar comes strung, and the strings are very nice so you wouldn't need to get new ones
The action is adjustable at the bridge; mine is set quite low, with no buzzing of the strings inadvertently hitting against the frets. I find this guitar extremely easy and satisfying to play.
I'm 5,8 and it fit me well. I never play standing up though.
Yes. It is full size, but not as thick as a standard les Paul.
I've used rocksmith with single coil strats only. But it should be less noisy since they are humbucker pickups. It should be perfectly fine. Rocksmith is not a highend interface so you can probably attach anything to it
No, it comes in a cardboard box plastered with the Epi logo.
NO they are not. Mine are firmly intact (there is a slight amount of "play" in them ie, if I press firmly down there is firm, almost spring-like resistance. I would send it back and get a replacement. I recommend this because if you get a good one (and chances are good you will), these guitars are awesome for the price. I love mine and there is absolutely nothing wrong with it after a few months. Good Luck!
Yas
There are different overdrive sounds you can use in blues. The Boss BD-2 is amazing to create a thin Fender sound, and can produce a good amount of overdrive. Ibanez Tube screamer produces a complete different sound, mid range, and is amazing for that. Depending on the guitar player or music you wanna play have must have a different setup. In my pedal board a keep both !
Depends on the seller; however, you can pick up 9v danelectro adapters at your your music store for $5-$10
Yes of Course
Hi there, the cable goes from the guitar to the right side input of the pedal, then the left output of the pedal goes into the front input of the amp, since it is a mustang you may try the amps effects first and then add the pedal by turning it on and experimenting to discover your tone, enjoy!
Hi Daniel, my review of the pedal did not include any modifications. It is an excellent pedal and gives a nice bluesy clip. My review title was 'Boost Your Blues!' Hope this helps.
Sure- however... Boss guitar pedals have their low end limited from the get go. One of the easiest mods to do is replace the input capacitor to get more bottom. Without that, a bass won't get quite the "blatt" (mimic the low chirp that come from pushing a speaker till it breaks up) that a bass distortion pedal might.
Sure !! Outputs exists for this purpose !
I've got two basses (both 4-string, one in E and one in D) I run through the pedal frequently. I haven't encountered any problems with it.
Yes the os-2 does accept a 9 volt battery in place of the recommended adapter. Also, most other stomp box 9 volt adapters work just fine with this pedal if you have any extras but beware, using a different adapter from the one recommend by boss may result in voiding the os-2's warranty. So far I have found the os-2 to be a very versatile pedal and recommend it if you are looking to add a little color to your tone.
No. I bought my own
This pedal is made at Roland/Boss Taiwan facility. There is virtually no difference in the sound of most Boss pedals in regard to where they're made. I've run over boss pedals with a truck and they still work fine. This pedal sounds the same as the earlier versions that I had.
definitely! I did not measure but to me especially this one sold by amazon, the neck is thinner and than the old epiphone which has the c shape instead of d shape. And it is lighter than the original one.
No. If you wanted to play it left handed, it would have to be restrung and turned upside down. Even then, the bridge position would be for a right handed setup.
It's exactly the same as a regular Les Paul.
The guitar doesn't actually come with a cable at all :(
All-mahogany
The fret board is not black. It is a dark brown wood color with the lines of the wood grain visible in a darker shade of that color. It is quite attractive. I have had this guitar for a little over a year now, and I am completely satisfied with it. It is a joy to play. Great fret action and true notes all the way up the fret. You can play it without using an amp and hear the notes well enough to practice. I actually prefer practicing that way. It's the best deal I ever got. Took it out of the box and it was just slightly out of tune. As soon as I tuned it up and played it, I knew that I had gotten the guitar that I wanted. I had played many low priced guitars in music stores, but I wasn't satisfied with any of them because they felt and sounded cheap. Not this one though. Maybe I just got lucky and got a good one, but maybe the rest of them are the same quality as the one that I have.
First its a more affordable option for the les Paul 100 but its still keeps the quality. its a nice weight not to light like a cheaper beginners guitar. bu at the same time it is good for a beginer .
I believe so, I've used it on Fenders, Guilds, and Martins of various neck widths/thicknesses; it's been pretty resilient
On the fretboard side of the neck, I think the G7th capo has a lower profile. As far as the back side of the neck, probably this or the Marshall capo are about the same. The Marshall capo is also compact, and uses a velcro strap to fasten it. This makes it a little more adjustable as far as the amount of pressure on the strings is concerned. The lever system on the Dunlop can sometimes be too strong and pull the strings sharp.
if the neck fits. it is ok
Yes. It messed up the color of the strings. As far as muting the strings, it depends on how tight u have it. If it muted the strings, u have the capo on too tight.
It is only adjustable within the four slots that you see on top but I am yet to see a guitar neck that it doesn't fit to yet.
Depends on how thick the neck is but i believe it can. i tried it on an electric which is pretty thin and then an acoustic which is thick
Capotasto (sometimes capo tasto) capotasto (plural capotastos) (music) A device, placed across the strings of a fretted instrument such as a guitar, to shorten the strings and thus allow upward transposition without altered fingering. [Wiktionary] I know two uses of a capo. The first is that putting it on the first fret tunes your guitar a half step. The second is that putting it on the third fret (I think) helps it tune like an ukulele. Or something.
They'll fit any guitar as far as I can tell. I have them on strats, teles and a les paul. Please note that the screws for these are bigger than the ones that come with the guitar so if you ever remove them the old strap attachments will not stay on again. But why would you ever take them off, right?
They will. There is a washer that goes on the inside of the strap which clears enough room to put to small clamp on. I have two custom made straps which are very thick and had really no problem.
Yes. As long as the acoustic does not use the rear strap connector as the connection point for a cord to an amplifier.
Not sure about the Rickenbacker...I bought two sets of strap locks for my Ibanez SR500 and Fender American Standard Precision Bass. The supplied screws fit both basses perfectly without any modifications needed. Again, I'm not sure about your guitar, but you could try searching the web forums to see what other guitarists say about it. Good luck!!
As far as size not really..........but I have them on all my guitars. I love 'em. I don't think you have to worry about size, unless the screws currently in your guitar is way oversized. If that's the case use an old carpenters' trick and put a toothpick in the hole and then put in the smaller screw. I'm thinking 1/8" but I don't really know.
It does require drilling a screw that's usually slightly larger than the screw holding the strap knob currently. As always (put barsoap in the tip/threads of the new "straplock" screw) and use the recommended size drill bit when "re-coring" for the new larger screw (have a electric drill and various small wood drill bits). If you have ANY doubt, then I'd say take it to a well trusted and referred guitar technician/luthier. Their experience is almost ALWAYS worth the money!!
Don't know that, sorry. I didn't have to drill on my Les Paul
They should work without drilling. I've installed on Ibanez Jems, Ibanez SDGR Bass, Yamaha Bass, Parker Fly Deluxe, Fender Strat, Gibson SG and my EB Petrucci Musicman and never had to drill.
yes, I have the Gibson version. It's one of my favorites, (I have 14 guitars). The size makes it enjoyable to play even while sitting down, (I'm also sixty years old). I have smaller hands with a touch of arthritis in my left thumb, the Gibson scale works better for me than the longer Fender scale. You can't beat this guitar for the money. It's easy to make adjustments too if you feel so inclined.
I think that your only no-drill option would be the Stetsbar; everything else would require drilling and/or significant modification.
No, it did not.
Fairly low for a LP. No fret buzz, each string articulates clearly, yet fast lead playing (hammer-on/pull-off type stuff) are no problem. I put hybrid slinkys on it. Didn't adjust the action at all out of the box. But however you like it, the bridge is super easy to adjust.
3.5mm is the small headphone type jack. This guitar, like most if not all, has the 1/4" jack. Any standard guitar cable will work.
Almost ready to play. Tune it up and remove some plastic, peel-off protective covers and you're ready to go!
American Musical Supply does not ship internationally.
No, you need to get a strap and pick yourself. This guitar is a great deal, though. I've had it for more than 5 years and it sounds great. A good strap will run you maybe $15, and picks are very cheap.
Oh no, I'd doesn't weigh that much. One of the reasons I like this guitar so much is because it weighs so much less than a standard Les Paul, but still retains so many of the Les Paul features.
Yes. I have used mine with RockSmith
Yes, you need to purchase the adapter or a 9 volt battery. I recommend the adapter.
its made in U.S.A say the box
No, the GCB95 does not have true bypass. I make sure to run it 1st in my effects chain. Has no/much less affect on bypassed tone than the Vox wah.
Yea
This is the original model. It is true bypass and comes with the diffuser fasel already manufactures. Excellent model for those seeking classic tones. Recommend.
Well. If you're using it on battery supply you've GOT to change the batt. Often, when the battery starts going dead, the range of tonal change decreases dramatically. I was playing with mine once when the battery got real low and it only had two different sounds. Now, with a fresh battery its great. As far as "sucking tone" i would say its a mediocre problem.
This pedal is a 9volt power supply. If your Voodoo Lab Pedal power supply output is at 9V and your plug fits. Then its Rock-n-Roll!
Cliff Burton from Metallica used one all the time.
Hello-We only ship to the U.S. and her protectorates. Thank you.
No it will not. Get an overdrive or boost pedal for volume
Just use the screw and wrap the clamp around your mic stand and tighten up the Screw!
It is made of plastic, nylon and metal. There's no problem with metal parts. This is a great pop filter.
It helps eliminate the "puff" sound when using words that have a "p" in them... This filter isn't exactly top of the line but it does help some.
Well my husband has the bluebird and it works great with that but it attaches to the actual mic stand o if you have a standard mic stand it should work and it helps get rid of the "pop" sounds
Depends on the mic stand. But I wouldn't recommend this one. It's poorly made and runs easily. I would get the Samson PS 201.
I think it would be perfect for a desk stand. The only problem you might encounter with that desk stand is that the length of the screw attachment might stick out farther than you want it to. But, if you aren't limited on desk space (the clamp sticks out 6 inches), then it shouldn't be a problem. Otherwise, if you want to keep things in a tidier fashion around the desk stand, then a pop filter with a shorter clamp, which is the kind I ended up going with, might work better.
I have no doubt that you could use it with your blue snowball microphone. It would all depend on your setup. Refer to this link here: http://www.rakuten.com/prod/blue-microphones-snowball-plug-play-usb-microphone-white-accessory-kit/216730681.html?listingId=116650468&sclid=pla_google_aSavings&adid=29963&gclid=CjwKEAiA2JqkBRDshIOY_9eMghkSJABvNd1QXMuqqCYZ0FciTCM7uLArjPlIm_c_yZt2dAvWty6T2RoCcObw_wcB
It hooked to my stand no problems. Even vertically. The desk however. Depends on the width really. But this is one of the biggest clamps for a pop filter I've ever seen. It should be okay. Hope this helps!
So Good... Excelent
Yes it can look on YouTube.
This is an extremely popular pedal, so nothing unusual is required. You need a standard guitar cable (1/4" male mono plug on both ends) to go from your guitar to the input jack on the pedal. And you need another cable of the same type to run the signal from the pedal's output jack to the input jack of your amplifier. Good quality cables about 15 feet in length typically cost about $20 each. You shouldn't buy cheap cables, but I don't see any need for anything more expensive than between $20 and $40. If you're talking about an AC adapter so that you won't need batteries, I suggest the One-Spot. About $35 and works great. Hope that helps.
I'm going to assume you want to make it into a true bypass rather than buffered, and truth be told buffered is secretly what you want, very little tone loss in comparison to true bypass in which you will lose guitar tone and instead get cable interference.
this unit has three knobs. from left to right, tone, level, distortion.
I doubt it would work to well. The tone of the DS-1 is very treble heavy, so it would probably make the violin sound nasally or whiney.
Could be Japan or Taiwan. I suggest contacting the seller.
I believe so
Heck yeah it does! It sounds great for the bass
it's more for rock, punk, and metal. Boost with an overdrive for a stronger distortion, I wouldn't use it for metalcore.
No.
Correct. Either you use 9v battery or get a separate power adapter. I bought a Haley Benton power station to feed all my pedalboard.
It's definitely passive
Personally I don't think it's bad at all. you shouldn't have much trouble with it
Depends on the gauge of string. I use Ernie Ball Hybrid Slinkys. With those the action is about .450. I typically use tune this bass BEAD, so that's why it seems kind of high. As far as playing it, the bass has a really full bottom but the top is kind of tinny. The pick ups are ceramic and never need replacing unless you are completely reckless or want to switch them out for metal humbuckers
I own the both of them, and honestly I prefer the goth most. The sound is at more crisp and deep. Due to the body structure there is a slight difference in the dive. But nothing noticeable. If you want my personal opinion I would go with the Epiphone iv goth. I use it for live shows and have had zero problems with it. OVERALL go with the Goth mate. Cheers!
my son is the one who we bought it for and he plays in clubs so At least a 100 to 200 watt amp he has a 600 watt and put the volume on 3 and it's really load.
My daughter uses it for her Vito-Yamaha alto sax. It fits any alto sax.
Yes, the strap is included. It is a great case!
split bell saxophones will not fit in this case
Yes
Not positive. My standard bell is a very good fit.
I've never flown with it, but the case is pretty rugged. There is no lock on the case, so what happens to your instrument once you check it in is questionable. It would be difficult to fit the case under a seat or in the overhead. Also, you should know there is no storage room in the case, only room for one mouthpiece and the neck. All else goes in the bell.
I put the empty case on a bathroom scale, and it's about 3lbs., but I would not rely on that! However, it is a little lighter than my old case, which was some flimsy wood box with maybe vinyl covering. The Gator is reasonably light and the carrying strap allows me to travel with my music stand and sax with ease. Only complaint is no storage box for reeds and extra mouth piece; they have to go in a soft case and into the bell. An exterior pocket for the music stand would have been nice too.
Don't know, just order it and try it. I put a Buffett Suuperdnaction in it. You can always send it back.
It may vary based on where you get it from but mine had 10g string
No. Made in China.
No
Theyre archtops. The lp100s i believe are the flattops. Though dont quote me on that. I
Yes
It does not have push/pull pots. As of now, it would seem only the PRO series will offer coil-tapping.
Yes
As with any guitar, the one that you like is always the better one hands down.
Gibson bought Epiphone around the mid 90"s. Epiphone Les Paul by Gibson,Fender Mexican Stratocaster, telecaster are the best semi pro Guitars on the market ever since they were both made could not even tell you how many millions or possibly billion sold since production. all satisfied customers. I like the cardnal red or gold top. But they all play the same they rock.
Yes; mine did, at least.
No, the barrel on the 2100 is too big. I had better luck with the On Stage MY-420 Studio Microphone Shock Mount.
No I don't think it will work.
Not sure, but I lined mine with weather striping foam tape which allowed me to use it with a very small diameter audyssey pro mic.
We actuallly needed it for a Heil PR40 and had to return it to get a different one. Sorry I can't help.
No. It is complete by itself. All programing is done on it. Just hook it to headphones or an amplifier when you want to hear the drum sounds.
I bought mine used, of course, but it did come with an AC adaptor.
Yes
Yes
A midi cable is not included! A handy accessory to purchase with the unit would be foot pedal(s). I use the unit in a live setting. Good luck! This machine is probably one of the most versatile, least complicated drum machines available at such an affordable price.
Yes it has ~50 presets which covers all styles. I use it for practice and have yet to program it beyond the presets
Yes, I think you can try it.
No it does not. Only has bass drum sounds
The Alesis has a midi in and out socket so once connected up it should be able to 'see' the unit as though it were a device on a USB socket. If in trouble the guys at Alesis are very happy to swap emails withnyou and help you sort this out - that's what I did with my SR18 and linking up to Sibelius, the notation application.
n . Using your midi cables. Plug midi cables in the out on #1 drummer and in on #2 drummer. Press backup first and then press play on #1 drummer. All patterns on #1 will be transferred to # 2. To transfer one pattern only press copy on #1 first and then press play.
I really don't think so. It's kind of like a typical suitcase. I put my keys on the top of all the other equipment.. The bottom is pretty solid...again, like a typical suitcases bottom/back side. It is a nice case...but I wouldn't trust any airline with it. (no offense baggage claim...but I've seen your work:)
this should help: Interior Dimensions Interior Length: 51.50 " Interior Width: 18.00 " Interior Height: 6.25 "
Hello! Yes, the Gator 76 Note Lightweight Case will fit the Roland Fantom X7. We have them in stock and ready to ship. Let us know if you have any more questions. Thanks - Andy's Music
Yes - a 3 is the same size as a 4. It's a perfect fit, and leaves you about 6" of space to the side for chords/pedals/etc. Great case!
Outer Dimensions (approx.): 53"LX19"WX7 1/4"D, Interior 52"X18"X6 1/4". There are 2 heavily padded 4 1/4" wide interior tie down straps with Velcro closures.
I have this same case for my Korg Kronos 73, and it accommodates the keyboard with room on the end for my sustain pedal. My Korg is 48.94 inches in length, and it has approximately 3 more inches in the case.
Unfortunately it won't. You'll need a hard case, preferably a proper road case for that protection.
Well yes Epiphone does make guitars at the Nashville facility but I am pretty sure most (if not all) LP-100's are made in their (Epiphone) China factory. Mine absolutely is Chinese made. I measured the nut width at the top of the neck and it showed to be 1-5/8" but "official" stats state it's 1-11/16" I bought my Ebony LP-100 5 months ago new ( 1st electric and am novice) and it is a Fine guitar for the money. I upgraded to a LP Standard in Red 2 months ago but can't find it in me to sell the LP100 ( actually I have lighter weight strings on 100 model and use it when practicing Bends lol) http://www.epiphone.com/Products/Les-Paul/Les-Paul-100.aspx
Because they are showing you a picture of a different guitar. When you roll the mouse over the black one or the Vintage sunburst they are showing you a Epiphone ENL2EBCH4 Solid-Body Electric Guitar. They are less money then the LP-100's
Yes absolutely. Great all around guitar...
Playability - no. Price - yes (generally cheaper). Sound - not that you'll notice in a guitar in this price range. Durability - so far so good...I have the LP-100 and it is seated firmly - no wiggle.
Yes. Ive been playing mine non stop for weeks and it been really good at staying in tune.
Yes it comes with them installed you will need to tune/set up your lp when you get it. When it's time to replace the strings I'd recommend Ernie ball slinkies. Hope it helps
It doesn't come with a gig bag or case (or amp cable). I believe it's made in China. I purchased this for my grandson when he was beginning lessons and the instructor was impressed with its quality.
Epiphone makes a nice hard case for the guitar. Look for "Epiphone Case for Epiphone Les Paul Standard & Custom Case." It fits my LP-100 nicely.
Sorry but we cannot ship Epiphones outside the united States.
no it is not. only offered as a right hand to my knowledge.
I believe this would be unlikely to work well for that amp. The specs for a Roland Cube specify the use of a 1/4" TRS cable (stereo cable) and this pedal is intended to work with a mono 1/4" cable. To be safe, you would want to find a pedal that accepts or includes a stereo (TRS) cable in order to get the expected behavior for a Cube. I could be wrong though, as I've not played a Cube personally. Just going off of the specs Roland provides for the foot switch jacks on a Cube.
No. It didn't come with any cables. I just hook it up to my ME-50 with a regular instrument cable.
Yes, I would assume so. I have the RC-2 and it hooks to that without a problem.
Hi Javier. I also have a Boss DD-7. The FS-5U is use full. You just have to plug it in and you're ready. If u use de pedal itself, u have to hold it in first prior to use the tap tempo, bit with the FS-5U.. U don't have to. It's good for dotted 8 notes. I'm enjoying mine
No, the unit only has a 1/4" (guitar cable) input and output. No external power is involved.
Si, puede lanzar o detener un pulso. Tambin puede avanzar de una memora a la siguiente.
This FS-5U is a tap tempo pedal for a Boss DD-20 Gig a Delay pedal
Not sure if it is compatible with your Alesis Unit, but it probably is. As for the unit, I bought one of these and used it when I recorded my vocals and guitar parts for my last CD and it works fantastic. Nothing like hands free and is very easy to use.
I have no idea. Only a guess that it would, since it's just a simple footswitch.
Sorry but I don't own it anymore
Yes, definitely. You need a stereo mini male to male cable. I use my iPod with my MicroCube at all my outdoor shows. http://cedarflutes.com/roland_micro_cube.htm Love it!
I've used this cube for many situations like that and have been very satisfied. I see no problems.
The Micro-Cube uses 6 AA alkaline(Duracell for best results) batteries. This unit does not recharge the batteries, thats why it's so cool, you can carry extras when jammin outside and dont need to stop the jam session
Yes all effects work when mic plugged in and button switched over to mic. However you cannot use your guitar and mic at the same time.
I think so. I don't have a mic to try it but there is a setting for it on the selector knob that has the sound settings.
it was not good for microphone
It comes with an AC adapter and a strap!
On a set of batteries? Probably, I would say 8 hours. It's not very loud. It's good for home use.
I'm not quiet sure about the harp! This instrument has a full warm sound, so extra enforcement needs a good amp. Do you have a pick up hooked to your harp? I used the amp with my nylon strings guitar with a piezo pickup, and it sounds good
This amp, is for guitars and basically more of a portable unit to practice, or enjoy. But I would not recommend it for gigs. Not for DJs of course!
The case looks universal.
Yes
I don't think so It's perfect for a les Paul I think your 175 body is bigger
This case appears to be made specific to the Epiphone/Gibson guitar. Unless the shape of your Ibanez Artcore Hollow Body is similar is size and shape, it will not fit.
Unless it is the same exact size as the Les Paul guitar, I seriously doubt it. The Les Paul 6 string fits as snug as a bud in a rug.
This is not the case for you - but I have a Riviera P93 and there is an epi case like this for you - it is the same case that Epophone Dot takes
Yes- I have a LP Special TV Yellow P90 and it fits perfect-
I think the les Paul jr's are a smaller scale. I would stop at a guitar center to test fit it before purchasing one online. My les Paul standard fits snug. That is how it should fit in the case.
Gray
it should, not much different from Les Paul model. It's a very nice case for the money.
I purchased "Musicians Gear Deluxe SGS Solid Guitar Style Hardshell Case" Sold by Music123 Paid $59.99 at the time. Well worth the price. Guitar fits good, inside is plush and is well built. Not sure how it would handle if your on the road, but for home & short trips it suits my needs perfectly.
Springs back when you let off.
It's a great buy and good guitar
i have a sg epip- they are great guitars for the money --gibson - a waste of money -you buy the name-- i dont see a pick guard - some have them they are black in color,,, or get a piece of plexie glass make your own --i have before,, no problem
I got mine last year and it said Indonesia. I think some older models are made in China.
Yes
No
It does not come with a cable.
I have had both. As much as I loved the bolt - on, the resonance is better with set neck
The normal strap knobs are there. One on the bottom and one by the neck.
I pop'd the high e string a few weeks after getting mine, it broke as I was tuning up and I went a little too far. I haven't had any other strings break.
I have the ebony color and the wood finish is black and glossy/reflective...absolutely beautiful! Hope others can comment on the natural.
I too was really concerned about the shipment of a new guitar, but when it finally came I was really suprised to find that it was EXTREAMLY well packed. It comes in two different boxes and inside the second box, the guitar was completely wrapped in bubble wrap. Although I wouldn't test this, but I'm sure you could drop it on the ground from a decent height, and it couldn't have a scratch. I've had the DR-100 slice Christmas, and I've only had to tune it like 3 times. It stays very well in tune. It's a great guitar for the price and it's well packed. You should totally guy one! Hope I helped.
When I first opened the box there was a strong smell but in a few hours it was gone.
yes
Unfortunately, we do not ship any of our Amazon orders outside of the United States.
I gave it away as a gift but I did play it first, I remember it being as wide as my les pauls neck, if that helps. im sorry I cant give a better answer. I hope that helps a bit.
Hi Natalie! The strings were bronze wound round, factory strings in a medium gauge. They are okay and sound reasonable, but I would suggest that you put the acoustic strings on the guitar which you like best in a light gauge. I use D'Addario brand strings on my electric and acoustic guitars and I am happy with sound and quality.
Varnished
Yes it does
Hi, The DR-100 is a dreadnaught class guitar so this case should fit perfect. I would also like to add this case is one of the most well constructed guitar cases I've ever owned. I've bought 2 of them for my Epiphone guitars. I wish I could find this nice of a case for my Gibson guitars. The only other wood constructed hard shell case I've found as nice were Martin cases and they start out at about $500. Hope this helps..
Yes. I have a PR200 in it now.
Yes, that's correct. Thanks Gary.
It fits mine just fine.
My Epi Dove fits in it fine .
Yes it does.
So it looks like the DR-500 is a standard dreadnought body (just with the cutaway) so the case would probably fit. But like I mentioned to someone asking about another guitar the best bet would be to go to Guitar Center (if you're in the US) or some similar guitar store and compare the DR-500 to one that you know fits. In this case, if you could compare to a Hummingbird, for example, you'd know you were OK. If you don't have a good way to compare the DR-500 against something you know it fits, you could go check out the Gibson forums and see if anyone there could answer affirmatively.
Yes
Yes
Yes, it comes with a key. Key is about 1 3/8" long.
I'm not sure it's not my add. I do own a skb 18 case and my acoustic fits it. Just measure your guitar against the guitar case inside measurements ask skb. My guitar fits easy I even put towels or shirts in it as packing for plane flights below. It handled 4 plane flights so far and guitar is ok. Hope this helps.
Go to the SKB website and compare the dimensions of the case with those of your guitar. It's the best way to be sure.
Tim: got to the www.skbcases.com website and look at the acoustic guitar cases. The dimensions are listed. You can compare them with the dimensions of your guitar.
Not sure but if it is a standard dreadnaught yes it will fit. This is a very nice case! I use it for my main playing acoustic dreadnaught.
I thinks some people may object to the hinges and or the extruded aluminum edges which must align when the case is closed. Sometimes the hinges are a little loose, causing a misalignment or possible the aluminum edges just don't match that perfectly. It can make the case difficult to close and can also cause the latches to misalign. Nevertheless, i think they are a very good durable case and can be had at a fair price.
I used it for a Taylor dread. There was a lot of room for guitar to move. We used it for plane travel but padded it with clothes.
As long as that model is a standard Dreadnought body style, it should. It fits both my Martin cut-away and my Taylor 210. It is a sturdy case.
No
I can't say that the case is recommended, but the question is, does the guitar fit in it properly. check the SKB website for the dimensions. If the guitar fits in the case within 1/2 to 3/4 of an inch in body width and length, it should work. As for the case itself, it's a good one. I just shipped out four guitars in these cases and have complete confidence in them. www.ladueguitars.com www.facebook/kevinladueguitars
I have NO idea about styrofoam being inside my SKB18 guitar case! However, I was and am impressed by the quality of this guitar for the price. Honestly, I don't think you can buy a better guitar case for the price......
Yes very light, great intonation, action is perfect stays in tune and I love playing it. This is my opinion and I have been at this making music for over 20 years professionally! SUPER LIGHT
This is a right handed guitar, but it could easily be adapted to a left handed player
Yes, mine did come with the pick guard
Thats normal for any new guitar...all it needs is to be set up. Any music store can set up your guitar. Set up can cost u $50 to $100 depending the store. I highly recommend purchasing the tools for set up and having someone show you how to do it yourself that you spend money setting up your axe. I set my guitars up with evert string change to keep the intonation true and the action where i like
Yes the SG is a combination of the three. The body is mahogany and the fretboard/neck are alder/maple.
I don't think so. But you can get a strap for next to nothing
A medium hardshell case should fit almost the same size as a les paul I went with a semi hard case and fits really good. also not near as expensive
you would need to do some work on it, how much would depend on the type of tremolo bar it was. but in short, yes. there is room for one. my advice, buy one with bar already installed.
The one I had was most definitely a laminate body, but it's possible that Epiphone has changed the materials recently.
Exact weight I am not sure, but it is one of the lightest on the market
Yes. As long as you have an amp to run the speakers.
This mixer uses an external power supply that is specific to US/Canada, UK/Australia, or Europe. The unit we're selling includes the 110 volt power supply for use in the US and Canada. It may be possible to order other power supplies for you, but it is not possible to "switch" the voltage. If you have any other questions feel free to reply to this message. Best regards, Tim Brown | daleproaudio 888.462.7828
Yes, this device can be phantom powered and can also draw power from your A/C outlet.
Great mixer. Very versatile and laid out well, but it does not have onboard effects. Hope this helps!
I see no reason why you couldn't if set up properly. I am a singer and it works beautifully, I have a friend who is a professional bass player in a rock band and has used this for years and the reson I purchased it was from his recommendation.
Mine is right handed, but you could order it left handed. All they need to do is reverse the strings for you. They are excellent at pleasing their customers ( The EPIPHONE people. Just let them know of your request and I am sure that they'll take care of you. By the way, I love my guitar (Epiphone DR-100 Natural).
Either strings will work just fine. I prefer the bronze strings as I feel the have a richer tone and sound
it has buttons for a strap. I bought D'Addario EJ16-3D Phosphor Bronze Acoustic Guitar Strings, Light, 3 Sets.
No. You need to buy it separately
It has steel strings; in my opinion they're good quality.
No case or strap.
Not really, you cant just put on strings reversed and call it a left-handed guitar, because the bridge saddle has been set up for righties, plus the pickguard would be in the wrong side, and the strap pins would be reversed also. Hope that helps.
Im sorry but we cannot send Epiphone products outside the United States.
No, it does not. It is a very nice guitar but with no electrical input.
Glossy black
Epiphone Gigbag for Solidbody Electric Guitars should fit. The ES 339 says its the same size as Les Paul but might be thicker but the bag has extra room for the guitar , maybe a few inch's .
This bag was a perfect fit for my Les Paul Special II. I am able to zip the case shut with my shoulder strap still attached and tucked in the back. There is some padding which could be a little thicker, but since I don't lug the guitar everywhere I go, it suits my needs just fine. One thing I also liked about this case, was the front compartment is able to hold my amp cable as well. For the price of this case, I believe I got my money's worth. I hope this answers your question.
Yes it does.
I don't think so it holds my special nice and snug but any thing thicker or more fragile no I wouldn't.
Hi Saul , it's perfect for solid body electric . Not for accustic ...
It fits our SG Special fine
well just let me say , it just fits my Epiphone Les Paul, and works great for my telecaster. I keep my guitars in the closet and gig bags are great for that. cases take up two much room, not good for throwing in the back of a van though.
No its for solid body electric guitars.
I am pretty sure that most any electric guitar would fit in this bag. It isn't wide enough for an acoustic. It is a good case. Good luck and Keep after it.
Most guitars shaped like an SG or Strat but not for aggressive shapes like a V or Warlock
I don't think it's really meant for flights. You will probably want something with metal edges and verticies; an ATA case. This case is great for gigs and packing your van up tight and neat.
I use my skb-66. For my ibanez rg520qs. I fits fine.
Should fit fine. It fits my Fender Strat with a little room to spare. Body-wise. it should work for you.
I don't know about a Kramer as the guitar I have is a Fender Strat and it fits fine and would recommend you getting this one. The case is great. Well padded inside and nearly bulletproof on the outside. My Fender is 42 inches long. The body is 12 1/2 inches by 18 inches. If your Kramer looks like a Fender Strat, it should fit fine. Looking at your guitar on Ebay, looks like it should fit just fine.
That is the model I bought it for. It fits the headstock fine but the body cavity is a little larger than a Dinky. It's a bit loose and to feel safe, you might want to add some packing to fill the body cavity better
I don't have a Jackson but my Fender Strat fits snugly. If your Jackson is less than 42 inches long and the body is 14 inches or less wide, it will fit fine.
No, the interior of the case is shaped for Stratocaster shaped guitars.
I don't know how big your Ibanez is because I don't have one. I play a Fender Strat. The guitar is 42 inches long by 14 inches wide, and it fits just fine. The case will accomodate a 43 inch guitar just fine. So, measure yours, and if it is within these dimensions, it will fit fine. The SKB is a great case, well cushioned and tough. I believe it has TSA locks, is secure, and will protect your guitar as it does mine.
Its a great case and brand name , don't overload it though, good luck !
I'm pretty sure it does not. Best to find a wider/longer case
1inch; 1-1/2inch and a 2inch pipes.
It's just the one, the other pieces are inserts for various lighting circumferences that are standard. These are primarily used for static applications, like dj/band lighting racks. The heavy vibration on a car might not work
The coupling is plastic and the bolt and nut are metal.
Mine came with a T-knob. It seems the picture has changed since I ordered them. That knob almost looks non-functional the way it is now.
No, not significantly. This foam is for reducing sound reflections off of walls, etc.. It's not intended to be used for sound isolation / sound proofing. However, if you isolated the server in some kind of box, the foam would have a very mild dampening effect. Soundproofing demands materials with a lot of mass (foam like this doesn't have much at all), and decoupling (distancing) two layers of material so vibrations aren't easily transferred. You could look into building a drywall box to enclose the server. Green Glue (a sound dampening compound) is an effective and relatively inexpensive way to soundproof drywall. Both SILENTFX and Quiet Rock are multi-layered drywall with built in sound proofing (essentially these are ready made versions of the above DIY Green Glue + drywall). Another way to soundproof a box is to line it with material like MLV (mass loaded vinyl: expensive but very effective), or a rubber mat (the heavier and thicker the better). Sound absorptive materials like sound curtains, acoustic blankets, insulation, mineral fiber, and StudioFoam (to some extent) could be used in combination with a box, to provide varying degrees of of additional sound dampening. However, these materials are not very good at isolating noise or sound proofing in and of themselves.
Hi...if you look at the title of the product: Auralex Studiofoam 2 Inches Thick, 1 foot by 1 Foot Wedgies, Charcoal, Box of 24 you'll see the quantity is right at the end "Box of 24"
We don't use it for recording. We used it to manage echoes in meeting rooms at our office. Sorry I can't be more help!
We mounted them on ply wood using contact adhesive then hung them on the wall like a painting
Auralex's website has the fire ratings. While I don't recall the exact values, I do remember that they were notably better than some of the less expensive acoustic foam offerings, and that is why I went with the auralex.
Well, this product isn't exactly for soundproofing, but works great with the acoustic of the room. If your window isn't sound proof then you have to take care of that too, maybe cover it with a sheetrock or something similar. For some ideas you can brouse youtube. I hope you find this useful.
Yes, but you will need to spray both the ceiling and the foam. The foam absorbs a lot of the adhesive so you'll need more on the foam then the ceiling. After spraying both, wait 30-seconds for the adhesive to begin drying before applying to ceiling. After a few minutes the bond will be permanent.
No
For sound treatment, including echo, these Auralex foam Wedgies will do the trick nicely. They generally will not absorb much external sound however. That needs to be taken care of separately (if you haven't already done so).
It depends on what you mean by work. These sound diffusing panel that have a modicum of absorption. What they are not is soundproofing.
Mine did.
I can guess that if the gong is 12" in diameter, then the frame adds about 2" on each side. So, the frame is approx. 16" X 16". It sounds fantastic!
Brass
It's not a big gong like you'd hear in "The King and I." It's a Chinese tam tam, 12" in diameter. It's made by Zildgian so you know it's sounds good. The attached video gives you the closest sound of the PO565 except it's pitched about a fifth higher than the one in the video. You can play it soft like the guy in the video or give it a really hard whack. It sounds great. Give a listen: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=otucItOqJ_A. Hope this helps. Dave
may not be ideal for speakers, but definitely huge improvement when used with subwoofer
I am using with a down fire sub. Works great.
Hi Mark, I'm not sure if you should remove the feet but my guess is that if you leave them on you will get the highest degree of isolation. However I probably would remove them if they are the spike style. But that's just a guess. Hope this help and enjoy the bass!
It can support up to 300lbs (your cab is 115lbs) but is limited to 23x15 inches. You check in at just over by one inch (width and depth). If you want to use this excellent isolator, you will need to remove the feet from your cab.
Yes
There are two right answers for this question; the first, in regards to its built quality, I would say although it's not as good looking as the SubDude made by the same company, the product covers all the quality needs required to fulfill its function and disappear under a subwoofer, that being said, I'll give you the second answer, If you are the sort of DIY kind of person, all you will need is a piece of MDF the size of your Sub's footprint, enough carpet to cover it and three lengths of High Density Foam to carry the load of the MDF. How that turns out, well it depends on your skills.
Yes it is a very sensitive mic. It is so sensitive that it will capture the sounds of the cars and motorcycles that drive by my house when I record, or when my air conditioning unit is on, or the hum of a speaker, or the flush of a toilet from across the house even through closed doors. However you do not have to have a pro soundproof room to record. Just make sure that as much ambient noise as possible is reduced and whatever extra noise is left over in the recording will not be noticeable if other tracks are introduced in the song. It also depends on what purpose you're using the mic for. Straight voice recording, like podcasting? vocals with midi tracks? If it's podcasting than it's not really a big deal if theres ambient noise and might sound eerie if it is ONLY your voice, while a little ambient noise is able to be covered up with other tracks, if you're using it for music production. In either case, this mic is probably the highest quality for the lowest price you'll ever find. And don't be fooled at that either, this would be a perfectly acceptable mic to have in a professional recording studio.
The mic comes with a padded case for the mic itself. A shock mount to hold it on a mic stand. A small velvet cover to keep dust off and the literature for the mic. The shock mount does not fit in the mic case.
I recommended the Line 6 UX2! Awesome interface, easy to use, looks awesome as well. And cheap!
Ya I think so. It has a accented high frequency that I think would work good for a trumpet. I usually use it for vocals and acoustic guitars and end up boosting the mid-lows a bit because its a little thin but I think it would be good for a trumpet in my opinion. I havnt tried it for any brass though so this is just a general thought
The short answer is no. I would recommend getting a focus rite scarlett 2i4, it's a great combination with the at4040. The focus rite is usb though. Cheers, hope i helped.
Yes.
You need: 1. An interface (sometimes called a soundcard) you can plug the mic cable into and then goes into a Mac USB port. The Focusrite Scarlett 2i2 is a good one ($125 to $150 new). 2. Recording software (Audacity is free, Reaper is $60, Twisted Wave is $79). 3. The XLR mic cable mentioned above. Any of the above will give you excellent sound quality.
Yes the best option is used a compresor if the singer its not profesional or the type of Music have a dinamic rank very range. If you dont have one external compressor can use one digital pluggins Sorry for my english Thank Pablo
I'm not sure. You may have to take the stand and the shock mount to a dealer to see what fits. I have standard mic stands and it wasn't a problem for me.
I can tell you from experience that if you have an interface, you can use this mic on Skype and messenger-like programs. I was quite surprised when I found out you could do that. But that's the same with any mic really.
It actually includes 4 Mopads plus the wedges that allow up to 8 degrees. So you have enough to place two of everything depending on your needs under each speaker. You can support two different speakers that way using two underneath each of them. I have a really big Ascend Acoustics center speaker I just got and I am using just two of them to support it. I have another two I am not even using at the moment. Just to be clear I bought the option that says one pair, for two speakers.
Sure but it seems like you get much cheaper foam for that elsewhere. They are not super soft, and they are not super hard either but they are firm.
The Auralex MoPAD pads are very firm, and they have an angle to them that you can choose to use or not use. For me, the firmness supports my monitor speakers very well, and the angle helps me point the monitors at my seating position.
You will need a pair for each speaker. I think that one order only comes with one pair
Yes you can actually. The dimensions mentioned are 12 x 4 (depth x width) for one piece of Auralex foam. When you use two pieces it will support one Rokit 8 speaker since its dimensions are 11.7 x 19.8 inches. You will have a 3 inch gap under the speaker but that will not affect the performance of the combination of using Auralex foam and Rokit speakers. Remember you will receive 4 pieces of foam so two per speaker. I currently use them for my Rokit 6s and it makes a significant different in comparison to just placing my monitors on a table (due to vibrations and whatnot). I hope this helps!
One pair handles all two near field monitoring speakers....
Yes
No
Don't think so. They are made of a dense foam. I use them on a folding table with plastic laminate
estimate: 15 - 20 deg
The purple 1.14 mm pick is the heavest. I bought the yellow .73 mm which is about medium. If you buy a variety pack you will get all the way from the lighest to the heavest.
I am not familiar with that style of guitar pick, however, the Tortex green is a medium pick. I will not buy any other pick for a few reasons. They last forever, seem to conform to my thumb over time so I feel as though there is nothing in my fingers, and you really don't hear it on the strings. I used to play every waking moment and could not destroy one of these picks! And I have destroyed many others. I play acoustic so I can appreciate a mellow tone as well... You will not be disappointed.
I would guess 12. This is based on my broad search for Tortex picks. The red picks specify 12 picks and have the same price as these. I was wondering the same thing. My guess is 12. Good luck!
Opposite side is blank
In my opinion the thinner thickness picks tend to flex more making it easier for me to shred easier. I would try the .50mm (Red) or .60mm Orange picks.
A sticker?
2 weeks ago?
They are not shiny polished but they are smooth
Hi Eddie, I don't know the exact thickness as it's not listed on the pick. However, they are the thickest pick I've used. They have no flexibility while in use; they are even hard to bend with two hands. I like them but I like the Jazz II picks better as they have a better grip texture to them.
These are packs of 6. Best picks there is.
I have the same question. How many picks are in the pack? Does "3 tips" refer to the three edges of each pick, or are there three different picks. HOW MANY? Why would this not be advertised.
The purple 1.14 mm pick is the heavest. I bought the yellow .73 mm which is about medium. If you buy a variety pack you will get all the way from the lighest to the heavest.
I am not familiar with that style of guitar pick, however, the Tortex green is a medium pick. I will not buy any other pick for a few reasons. They last forever, seem to conform to my thumb over time so I feel as though there is nothing in my fingers, and you really don't hear it on the strings. I used to play every waking moment and could not destroy one of these picks! And I have destroyed many others. I play acoustic so I can appreciate a mellow tone as well... You will not be disappointed.
I would guess 12. This is based on my broad search for Tortex picks. The red picks specify 12 picks and have the same price as these. I was wondering the same thing. My guess is 12. Good luck!
Opposite side is blank
In my opinion the thinner thickness picks tend to flex more making it easier for me to shred easier. I would try the .50mm (Red) or .60mm Orange picks.
A sticker?
2 weeks ago?
They are not shiny polished but they are smooth
I've never actually used guitar honey but I will say this...I used fast fret on all my guitars after I play and it keeps the fret boards clean and makes my strings last way longer!!!
I'm sorry, I don't remember if it came exactly sealed, but it came enclosed in a plastic bag.
Don't see why it wouldn't work. It cleans the strings, brightens the tone and conditions the fingerboard. Should work equally well on any steel string instrument.
Yes definitely!! It will help keep your strings and fret board clean and also make for smoother transitioning while playing!!
Youll find that tip wears till its end. Another possibility is excesive dry of the element but It shouldnt happen since you keep it close and away from direct light. Use as much as you want in order to feel confortable while playing. This is a good one in my gear.
My reaction to this product is different from most people who have commented here. For me, it's not about cleaning the strings or the fretboard. It's about making the strings slippery, so I can slide my fingers on them more easily. Older strings have more friction on my fingers, so my slides are more difficult and less comfortable. With fast fret, my fingers slide easily and faster. That's it. But it's enough! Really makes a difference. I don't think this product will make strings last longer in terms of sounding like newer strings, but it does make it more comfortable to play older strings.
This humidifier works fine in a case to get humidity in the guitar quickly; although I use this one at times in one of my older guitars, I tend to use HumidiPak (also sold by Amazon.com) to keep the case at about 47 percent humidity at all times. If a guitar sits open, the room needs to be in the right humidity range -- this particular product would likely dry quickly in an open room (unless you are in a very humid area.
Yes, distilled water is best.
Mine came with a little sponge in it, yes. I presume you can cut off a small part of a bigger sponge and use that f you don't feel like returning the item.
Yes. It works fine with smaller guitars. I have two of these and use them religiously when the humidity is low.
What do you mean stored on edge?
I have been inTo quite a few guitar stores here and I have nicer seen a bigger on? I meant never seen a bigger one
I don't know ? mine works fine and I keep the sponge moist not dripping wet . I haven't heard of a gel pack but if it is better I would try it Sorry I couldn't be of more help Raymond
It might! This humidifier is made for acoustic guitars. Another trick. Replace the sponge with micro-fiber cloth! The cloth stays wet twice as long as the sponge.
This would work strictly for a closed case. I think there would be too much evaporation and the moisture would disperse in an open room, so it wouldn't be effective.
A standard 3 prong XLR mic cable (the male side)
This is a okay mike for live performances. It is a cheap version of the SM 58 which cost about $100.00. It is probably not the best mike for recording or other applications that require high quality. I suppose it depends on what you are podcasting. If you are streaming a live band you could use these for the vocals. It really depends on what you are using it for. I use mine for vocals at practice for live performances. I hope this helps.
Yes my son used it for Culture Flow (talent show)
Balanced it uses an XLR Connector which is balanced. Very good mic.
You'll get a decent vocal sound out of it, but an SM57 will be more versatile for recording instruments, especially guitar amps. Might want to look into a condenser mic instead.
Yes i need cable
The CE mark means that it meets European Certification standards.
According to Shure FAQ. "LC" stands for "Less Cable". It just means it is sold without a cable. Why they put it on there I have no idea.
Id suggest a new mic cable. The connector is probly worn out.
If you are talking about a standard xlr to 1/4 adapter, then yes. I use mine like that. I have the standard xlr cable running out of it, a converter on the other end of the cable with a guitar cable plugged into of that adapter and that guitar cable is plugged into my old peavey standard pa which does not even take xlr's. Lol. I hope this helps, I just wanted to explain that it will and it works great for me.
We carry all Our Cymbals in this we have 10 from a splash all the way up to a 20 inch heavy Rock Ride,I would venture to say yes!
5-7 cymbals, depending on bell size of the cymbals. it can fit more but then case doesn't close nice and tight.
I guess you could check it. As for being lockable, only if you make modifications.
No
Not really, but metal is harder than plastic, so as long as you keep felts between each cymbal, no padding is really necessary.
Yes, along with felt pads to separate the cymbals and locking nuts and washers. It's a very good case!
yes it comes with some. But if you have really nice cymbals I wouldn't choose this case for maximum protection.
I have a 20" ride and theres a little room left.
There is no longer a distinction between the hazy & the clear. Unless it's an old left over clear (unlikely), if you buy the Clear, you will get the Hazy
I have the clear 300 with puresound custom snare wire on bottom and evans st dry on top and i'm using 1 moongel i have it tuned pretty tight for the crack that i like
It says right in the description, 3 mil. That's why it has the "300" in "clear 300 snare side."
No metal fitting included, it's just the clear film with some type of framing around it to fit your snar drum, then your metal casing will fit over it and you attach it to your tuning rods
"Snare side" indicates that it is the resonant (bottom) head. It is a lighter material so that it resonates to activate the snare. It is a good idea to upgrade your snare (wires) while you have it apart. A good snare can turn a mediocre snare drum into a million dollar sounding drum.
In the back of the unit is a 1/4" Preamp output
No, it cannot handle a bass
Yes. That would be pretty eccentric! But it would play the music. Though considering it's an amp for guitar it won't sound as good as iPod speakers.
No
It is setup to use six AA Battery's ....
Unfortunately, we are unable to ship any of our Amazon orders outside of the United States.
No, but in the 5 years of using a pig nose I have never had a problem with batteries
The input jack is a standard 1/4" mono. Note: It has to have a plug in it for the amplifier to work.
Any regular guitar cord I think would work.
There is a microphone plug. I use the green bullet microphone which works great, at least for playing harp.
Nope, they sound good though!
they are about 2 inches in diameter.
I don't have them in front of me, but they are approximately 2" across.
Others have spoken as owners of the Hog 20. I have a Hog 30 I've used for busking in Farmer's markets on bass. It held up just fine in that context, so I think for keyboards or bass if you want a battery operated amp, the Hog 30 is a great option.
Not really. I am a little disappointed in it. I am mainly using it for my acoustic now because I am not getting the sound I want on my strat. What I do like is the rechargeable battery this is quite convenient.
yes, it's normal.
hi wayfinder, let me help you "find your way". There is a second input on the rear, next to the "phones" jack. Surprisingly, they both will play at the one time. You are also able to plug in an mp3 player (with an adapter) The mp3 sound becomes distorted when the volume gets high as pignose owners are aware with the smaller amp. All in all, its a great little amp.
Sorry, I haven't had to do a total charge!
I'm not sure exactly what you're looking for but it is a great amp. I sing and play the harmonica through it. I also added a reverb box in front of it to give it an even better sound. Sounds great without it though
You can use it no problem, but keep the batteries in. There is no reason to remove them. I used mine that way with no problems.
110v only
It is a rechargeable battery. From what I understand, getting a replacement batty from Pignose,(as you can't readily buy it), can be the only problem with this great little amp. If you charge it all the way,(simply plugging in the supplied cord), and then use it 'till dead, then repeat.....will keep the battery in shape for years. I have had no problem with the one I own, but, I do try to play it often to keep the battery up to snuff.
They are 2 special 6 volt batteries they are 3X2X4 inches and they can not be bought at a hardware store but they do keep the charge for 68 hours on one charge. The Pignose 7-200 is in stock Thank you Kim at the Recording Store
The main stand (with boom parallel to floor) adjusts from 16 inch to 21inch, floor to arm. The boom adjusts from 15" to 28" fully extended. So with the boom angled up could reach 44" height comfortably. The base is 10" at its widest.
The groove of the mic clip is standard so any other will fit in. I had got some deals from http://www.musiciansfriend.com/ Item: 276011000000000 for just $1.00. This has quick release style and sturdy too.
You could unthread the base if required for transport, but it's probably not something you could do at every gig before stripping or cross-threading would occur.
Seems to be a standard size mic clip. It fit my Shure PG52 bass mic just fine.
Yes it does
If the shock mount will screw onto a standard threaded fitting on a regular mic stand, just like a regular mic clip, yes it will.
Not a good option for that use. This is a tabletop item
Yes
Built like a tank. Buy it.
About 2 feet. I was expecting something larger and I really blew it buying this stand that has an extremely limited use...pretty much only drum sets.
I doubt it. It didn't fit my Guild. Had to go with a Fender tweed case. Best thing to do is measure your guitars length and thickness and only buy a case that has those or larger dimensions.
Hello, This should help Interior Dimensions of the unit: Body Length: 23.00 " Body Height: 5.00 " Lower Bout Width: 16.00 " Middle Bout Width: 12.25 " Upper Bout Width: 12.50 " Overall Length: 43.00 " - See more at: http://www.gatorcases.com/p/16134-1630/gc-dread-12#sthash.549XD45f.dpuf
I had to send this particular case back as my 12-strng was too long at 42.25" to fit inside. Sorry but I can't recall if the width was okay as it didn't matter. Hope this helps.
Unfortunately this case does not have a strap that can be used with it. However, you may want to look into the Gator GL-Dread-12 Lightweight Dreadnought Guitar Case for 6 to 12-String Guitars. This case is a cross between a hard case and a gig bag and is lightweight so it can be carried like a backpack.
The GC-DREAD-12 model will fit your husband's Fender CD100 - according to the case finder at sweetwater.com (great tool if you're not sure about what cases will fit what instruments). I own one of these cases, myself, and I'd recommend it. It's a very nice case - very well-built and rugged.
If your camcorder has an xlr audio input, I don't see why it wouldn't work. Keep in mind the preamp needs to be plugged into a 120v receptacle.
Yes that is the V2 unit.
It did not come with a rack mount and the unit is about half the size of a regular rack component. I have since replaced the unit with the Presonus Single Channel unit that has a tube, EQ and compressor all in one.
This unit provides 48volts of power to a condenser microphone, and controls the levels passed on to a recording device or PA. It does NOT record by itself.
For podcasting the preamps on the 44VSL should be good enough to give your voice enough body to sound great. The tubpre is good for vocals and instruments since it utilizes a tube and can be over-driven. Also the tube tends to "warm up" your voice, making it sound more like you're using a full amp. I love the tubepre, but I use it for vocals with an AT2020 condenser mike. If you feel your voice is a bit too flat or just needs an extra boost... then this little baby would be perfect, but its all preference at that point. What do you feel your voice is missing?
No. This is a microphone preamp, and a very nice one. You need a turntable preamp that will accommodate the impedance and output specs of your tuntable. Are you looking to simply play your vinyl or will you be doing mixes? Please respond and I will be happy to guide you further.
This amp can handle guitar or bass, but only at acoustic levels. And only one at a time. There's only one input. That means, it would work with bass in a group with an acoustic guitar-- not an amplified guitar, but a truly unplugged guitar. That's how I use mine: bass through the pig nose, guitar un-amplified. I think that electric drums would be too much, and might blow the speaker. You'll need a dedicated drum amp for that.
There's an input in the back as well.
there is an indicator light that turns green when fully charged.
No, it has one input.
Yes, the Pignose will work with the power adapter. I have never let the amp drain all the way down, but I assume that it would still work then with the power adapter. Great little amp! So glad that I bought it.
Yes, I use it with a Fender Squire P-Bass.
It comes with the AC adapter, which powers the unit and charges its internal battery. The instructions recommend that you primarily use the amp on battery power, and only plug it in to charge it (to extend battery life); however, you can use the amp on AC power as well.
Yes, that would work fine. I have a 2-pickup guitar (Epiphone ES-175) and have identical Classic 57 pickups in each slot (neck and bridge); there is no need to have a different one for forward vs. rear. Some pickups have slightly different magnet pole spacings to more closely match the slightly different string spacings at those locations. But it is not really that much of an issue, at least for the Classic 57; the pickups pick up all strings just great. In your case, the middle pickup would be at a string spacing right in between that of the other two positions, so that would work out just fine as well. Putting the Classic Plus in the bridge will be nice, adding a bit more heat to that pickup. I sometimes wish I had done that, though I compensate a bit by raising the bridge pickup closer to the strings than the neck pickup.
Yes. It's na original Gibson pickup.
No, 2 wires. Needs soldering.
No. I had to solder the wires.
The Gibson '57 Classic Humbucker is awesome and the nickle cover does NOT make it sound dark at all. In fact, my view is that it's one of the best pickups ever made for rock, blues & jazz
This is only for one. The other one you'll need is the 57 classic plus.
Mine came single conductor.
Yes it is a Gibson product. As far as I know they make a neck pickup and a Classic Plus for the Bridge
Alnico II
It made a wonderful Christmas gift. Very pleased! I imagine if you can find a shoe repair shop they could easily fix it because they use industrial threads and machine....if you can find a shoe repair shop. They do exist, I've had other straps and a buckle taken care of at one. Best of luck
Yes. The stitching is very poor. I wouldn't put more than 2 or 3 cymbals in this bag and I wouldn't put anything bigger than 19" in the bag. My bag is destroyed from four cymbals, 21" ride, 19" crash, 18" crash and 15" hi hats. The straps are falling apart and a hole is developing on the bottom of the bag.
No it does not.
I'm not sure if the bag comes in a 20" size. I play with a 20" Zildjian A Ride, an 18" Zildjian ride/crash and a 16" Zildjian A Fast crash along with a pair of 14" A Hi-Hat cymbals. The bag accommodates that, with room for more.
I amcarrying 5 plus the bottom hi-hat cymbal, but it would comfortably carry two more.
Buy this instead. Been using it for two years. Gator Cymbal Back Pack GP-CYMBAK-22 Drum Set Cases by Gator http://www.amazon.com/dp/B007BXI7FO/ref=cm_sw_r_udp_awd_-2-6tb0DJ55GM
I'm not sure exactly what the answer to your question is, but I can tell you this. On Halloween we filled the reservoir. It didn't even use half a quart, and it lasted all evening, with us releasing fog every few minutes, for a total of more than an hour. Hope that helps.
It requires so-called fog liquid/fluid which is more than just water. I believe it's a mix of water and glycerine... information should be available online. The machine came with enough liquid for at least one Halloween party -- using the machine intermittently for a few hours. I used distilled water in the machine before storing it away to clean it and that did not produce a lasting fog like the proper stuff does.
the remote cord and switch unplugs but i don't know anything about the wireless attachment...if they make one im sure it would work...this is a small unit..it puts out a fair amount of fog but only in 10 or 15 second bursts..i think its made that way so it doesn't overheat..overall its a good machine if you want a small unit its great
Mine was also a piece of sh-i, never worked but the time between when we purchased this machine to when we used it made it impossible to return. Return for your money back if you can.
Not on the 700, but you can on the 900.
That's no problem for this fog machine; in fact not even close. You won't be able to see across the room after a few blasts.
I think you can use the correct adapter with it but I don't know which adapter. I used an American video camera plugged into an electrical outlet in England while using the proper adapter and it worked fine. My adapter set had the name of the country where it would be used on each adapter.
If a lot of wind is blowing the smoke will just be blown away. It is better used inside.
It comes with a small little bottle of fog juice it's enough to fill it up once with a little left over.,that's good enough to last you depending if your using it alot it wil run out fast.
It shoots out like 9 feet and after two full sprays it can cover a room pretty good. Great for parties, perfect for halloween decoration, lots of fun with laser lights. Comes with some fog liquid but i'd buy a gallon of some if your planning on using it a lot. For lights i suggest American DJ, got two of their lights and haven't had any problems with them at all. If your thinking about buying it then just do it, its worth it. After 20 mins of it left on it could fog up a normal sized room completely, and thats a lot of fun too.
I use the M179 for voice over work, and I have the mic attached on a floor microphone stand with a boom, but any standard threaded floor stand or desk stand will work just fine. That said, my recommendation would be to use a floor stand rather than a desk stand. The M179, like all condenser mics, is very sensitive, so any taps on a desk or typing on a keyboard will be more easily transferred using a desk stand.
Yes. My set included 2 different microphone attachments, one of them was a shock mount (spider).
I've tried it on a trumpet, and it sounded pretty clean and accurate. I've also tried it on vocals and drums, it will do really good on almost anything really. If all you're looking for a mic to record just a brass instrument though, and don't already own an audio interface, I'd recommend the Blue Snowball USB. It's $100 I believe, it'll sound similar, and you won't have to buy an interface for it (which are $100-200 in addition to the mic itself) hope this helps!
Phantom power is produced by audio mixer or mic preamp, or phantom power unit. There is no XLR cable MtF that can produce phantom power by itself. Please check your mixer, it should have a 48v button.
I haven't got an interface yet, but plan on doing so this summer. There is a forum with a lot of info on these type of topics called Gearslutz. Here is a link to a thread on the M179 and interfaces: https://www.gearslutz.com/board/low-end-theory/778381-focusrite-scarlett-2i2-cad-m179-performance.html
Whichever interface you use, make sure it can provide phantom power. Either that or you will need a preamp that provides phantom power. The M179 uses XLR cables.
Yes
The mounts have standard threads.
anything that has +48v phantom can power this mic.
As far as I know, if it puts out 48V, it'll work. If the preamp doesn't do phantom power, it won't work.
Scott, These are six-paks of single strings. Such as here we have six "little E", strings. (.009s), in this example. These are used for spares, when you break your "E". I purchase these six-packs, of .009s, .010s, & .011s, as replacements, right along with my purchase of full sets in those gauges. It is far more convenient to use these singles, than have to open a new set, to replace one broken string. I thank ERNIE BALL for making these singles available, and I like purchasing them through AMAZON.COM. I highly recommend this method of purchasing extra singles, for those occasions when you break a string, but you don't need to change the whole set. -Charles Warren "Rattlesnake" Jenkins II.
There have been 6 strings in the packs I bought labeled "6 plain strings".
6 strings comes with it. Regards.
Yes, I believe it came with a clear plastic sleeve that snapped shut.
This is a quality recorder that is appropriate for all ages. It is durable, light weight and small. It is often used to introduce children to instrument use, care and learning to read sheet music. My toddler plays with her sisters, and we never have any trouble.
Hi, around 4 days!
This is a baroque recorder, and it is an aqua color, which is beautiful but not a true blue.
Since it comes apart, into three pieces, I wouldn't unless 4 or 5 years old.
No, it doesn't. We just use an unsharpened pencil with a hankie.
I had an ivory colored one a long time ago, and to me, the tone and feel is pretty similar. This one feels perhaps a bit cheaper, but I was really impressed at the quality of this, having expected it to to feel and sound very cheap. Hope that helps!
Yes, there is a plastic sleeve and a small instruction sheet.
Yes, it does. :-)
yes, definitely, that's what I mostly play 11 months of the year, jazz pop. like Strawberry hill, when the saints come marching in, string of pearls, strangers in the night,, and then I go say something stupid like I love you. And like a tenor sax, but much more easily, these recorders over-blow nicely, to give you a sense of improvisation and color .....
9-1/2 feet
Based on the orientation of the wiring and the way the non-adjustable poles are balanced for the strings, probably not.
I drilled a hole in the bottom of my guitar and soldered a female jack into it, cut the jack wire and now I just use it as a regular electric guitar.
since it is a pickup for any good acoustic guitar w/o jacks, it should plug into anything ... the plug is 1/4" and should be no problem
It should fit fine it has cork padding on both sides it screw to hold it in place The screws do not go into your guitar they just tighten each ear up on both sides
From my experience with the machine you wanna use the any "low lying" fog
If you don't put ice in, it is are gulag chiller. The outside temperature wouldn't make as much difference as which kind of juice you use.
There is a 6ft tethered remote, but not a wireless remote. Also, the only juice I've found that really stays low-lying with this fogger is Rosco stage & studio fog liquid.
no
Yes, you can use either dry ice or regular ice
Around 3.6 Amps per hours.
It comes with the timer.
Only if it's cold outside. Low lying fog will rise eventually and even more so when the temp is high.
Yes, it will work without ice. Quite frankly, even with the ice, the fog does not lay low for long.
No, the blower only runs when fog is being emitted. The ice lasts a good long time. I've found the best result from using the Kool Fog juice with dry ice. Watch this video: https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=VewCSiBZsGQ
Hard wired. Each rocker switch is a mechanical switch. All 4 are tied to a breaker. I used two pairs of these DJ boxes inside the stand of a saltwater reef tank where they were exposed to a high humidity, corrosive environment for 2 years with minimal ventilation, none of the 8 total switches failed but the metal cases showed a bit off rust on spots where the paint had been scratched.
Yes
I would say16" mine is rolled up so can't give you much more then that. As for extension plate W.Y.S.I.W.Y.G.
It is only a few inches long so it would have to be mounted to one side or something (not really made for that).
Yup. I love this thing. I got 2
110v
I don't really know what your asking.
It's a solid tube, approximately 3ft. in length.
It does depend a bit on how spread out the base legs are, but I'd say 6'-6'4" area.
Round, 1.5" so it fits a standard o-clamp. Also has drilled holes for bolts or c-clamps.
Kristen- I keep two large dance lights, two large strobe lights and two decent size lasers mounted on mine. Since I have two of everything it makes it easy for me to balance everything easily. If you are only putting one 38lb piece of equipment up there I am certain that as long as you keep it mounted near the center you will be just fine. The tripod legs are adjustable and allow you to get a good size separation of all three feet so your stability should remain fine.
I believe they are 55" tall un-extended. I use them at 10' tall, but pack them in a 5.5' case with a few inches of space. They are the same size as the OnStage lighting stands you can find specs on other seller sites.
The T bar is 47.5 inches.
You set it up correctly by opening the base as wide as it will go. It is pretty sturdy if you do so.
I don't have the light so I don't know. The top bar does have 2 holes on each side to mount lights.
I'm not sure. it is quite heavy. very well built. heavy duty
Depends on the size and type of lighting units as far as whether you'd need more than one stand. If they're really large, then yes, if they're small-ish effect lights, then you'd probably be fine with one, although space would be tight. I was able to fit a medium-small sized effect light and one of the larger American DJ lasers on this stand without a problem, but anything else might've started getting cramped for space. With regards to where you should place it, if you've only got one stand, I'd suspect you'd want it behind you just because otherwise it'd be between you and your audience (unless you put it off to one side in front of you). If you have two stands then you can put them off the the left/right and not have anything between you and the audience.
38lbs is pretty heavy. I think for that kind of weight you may want to have a weight attached to the bottom to help stabalize. A sand bag would be good. I have hung about 25lbs with no stability issues, though I adjusted the base to be very wide.
Yes.
It depends - (I hate it when someone says that; bear with me.) The meter features a gain control for each channel. That said, you are asking about "rise time" or the needle ballistics for mechanical meters. This factor is relevant in understanding why not all meters seem to respond in the same way. First, set up a test tone on your audio console/mixer/source and calibrate its local meter to -12dB, the digital standard, or 0VU, the analog standard. Set the input levels to any recorders connected to your mixer in the same way. Set your AmAudio Meters to just illuminate the -12dB red LED. Now you have everything calibrated for "static gain". This is step one in managing your studio's "gain plan". Now, play some pulsing music or just "pip" the tone on/off to analyze the ballistics behaviors of all your meters and learn about the differences in rise/response times. Meters with zero response time are peak readers. Example: A hard single piano note can have a 10dB difference between RMS and peak readings. Normal speech "envelope" has roughly 1.5 to 2dB of difference. Hope this is all helpful.
You can build an entire rack of bar graphs for 7.1, 11.1 surrounds sound etc with very impressive results. Great Value.
black with grey db indicator srtips for each channel
I've just measured it for you: Width of just the body (case) from point to point is 443 mm=17,44" Width of front panel is 482 mm=19" Width between centers of mountable holes on the front panel is 463 mm.=18,23" Greeting from Tbilisi Georgia
I dont think so and you need power to use it anyway.i doubt that it will cost a lot less without the power supply.
It comes with strings and a noter. Note however that this is a 3/4 sized dulcimer, and while I learned on it, it is better suited to a child than to an adult's hands.
Applecreek dulcimers are made in Romania and marketed by Applecreek in Cleveland,Oh. I have the Applecreek dulcimer gig bag and it fits perfectly. Keep in mind it is a soft bag so you still have to be careful with storage (ie don't put heavy things on top etc.) I'm sure they sell hard cases to fit but its been fine for how I use it. I love mine!
No
I personally have not seen a dulcimer tuning app, but you could use any free tuning app to get reference pitches. Like many folk instruments, the Appalachian dulcimer's tuning is not a rigid standard like a guitar. You could find a reference pitch online and use a guitar tuning app or anything else. :)
Mine had the 6 1/2
It does come with strings, but not tuned.
It is normally played with the left hand on the fingerboard and the right strumming or picking similar to playing a guitar on your lap. Check out youtube for examples.
that's what I used to tune to DAD
No and your better off to spend a little more and get a better one
The dulcimer is about 36" in length and about 4" at its widest point. It does not come with any sort of instructions, but there are online sites that can help, or you can probably buy a book on Amazon.
Yes, if the banjo has a resonator back. If it is an open back banjo, then no.
Hi, Adrianne happy to help.... The Fender Mini Acoustic Guitar Stand is designed to hold a full sized guitar...while it will actually "hold" a 3/4 sized guitar I believe it will aesthetically not be pleasing since the holders, legs, and spine are NOT adjustable.
It will fit and work fine. :)
If the base of your ukulele is more than 11", it will sit on this stand otherwise ukulele will be too small to sit on this mini stand.
Yes, this would be a great stand for any smaller body guitar.
It might, but not secure enough. Not recommend.
Yes, this should work fine with a 1/4 cello. Thanks.
Hi Ron , I don't know exactly what angle it is but I use 3 of them and they are strong , sturdy and work fine.
The resulting angle depends on the instrument thickness however a shallower angle is possible if you allow the rubberized bottom pegs to hold the instrument more upright
80degre
I would say yes as there is at least an inch or so on both sides of the los when I put mine in there.
Mylar bags? Uh...well this is what I know. I filled that case with 150 albums with their album covers. If you have albums that's covered in only mylar bags, I'm guessing you might squeeze 150 albums in that case. I hope that this was helpful to you.
It has the locking clasps.
Mavis, although the LP's fit perfectly, I can't say that packing 45's won't work. Ample room.
No. There are no wheels.
I believe they will fit. There is ample room on either side of the lps and the case has two boxed compartments . I hope this helps or you can contact the company that sells it. I myself am pleased with it.
Yes
External: 28.25in wide, 15.00in deep, 14.50in high, well built, very heavy, will require two people to move when full of albums.
No, Amazon is displaying the wrong image - Odyssey CLP260PW comes with wheels and a third compartment (and which Amazon does not sell).
Yes ! Very much the control and sound of tone I needed!
Made in the U.S.A.
Really depends on how you play (how you strum, type of pick you use). Should get a solid month or two if you aren't rough on your strings.
I have purchased this guitar with its original case... it fits perfectly! here is the link: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0002DV7O8/ref=oh_details_o06_s00_i01?ie=UTF8&psc=1#
That is a misprint or mistake, the guitar weighs about 8.6 pounds, approximately.
The Ibanez GA Series GA5TCE Thinline guitar is three (3) inches thick.
No
Yes! It has the AEQ-303 on board and it sounds great!
9.5...10.5 won't fit.
These are sold as single units so you only get one. They fit the older Pearl series like World, Export, etc. The bolt spacing on the LB-15 is 48mm center-to-center.
We only had 2 in stock. We should have more soon and we will adjust our quantity :)
Yes. The part that grabs the peg has a smart shape that will grab onto most pegs from acoustic to electric to bass guitars.
i think it would. it fits on big bass tuners
i have only used it on my electric guitars to this point however, it seems it should work just fine on all tuners. hope that helps.
It all depends on the size of the tuning peg. Of they bigger on a bass than other guitar, than they may wiggle inside the tuner and be more difficult to wind the pegs. I've used the regular pro wonder on ukuleles, acoustic guitars and mandolins.
i haven't had to change out any bass strings yet, i just bought the one for bass because it is bigger to fit the machine tuning heads better, i haven't tried a regular guitar one on a bass, but i just checked and the cutters on both of them are the same and the guitar winder fits on the bass machine tuners if it is turned
I don't know but it is solid and made in America. Well worth the money.
Only if the tuners are the same as a guitar
I am not sure, but it should as it can cut the 6th E string with out issue.
On my unit the center is metal where the string cutter is located. The winder portion is plastic. As someone else reported, to cut strings you may want to use diagonal cutters from your workshop for ease of use.
I'm sure it will fit your guitar. It has many different sizes to fit pretty much any tuner. And it doesn't really come with instructions, just the features on the package.
Catches more babes than all other strings combined.
Short answer: marketing. For the real story see the Ernie Ball website, but if you trust my memory... many, many moons ago there were few guitar string makers and they pretty much made the same thing- strings that helped a guitar be heard in a Big Band environment. The Ernie Ball company was one of the first to start marketing "boutique strings" that were easier for the player to fret and to bend. Compared to other strings at the time (anybody remember Black Diamonds?) the word "slinky" pretty much described how they felt.
You're not going to damage it. Those are standard strings. I use them with all of my guitars. Trust me, you're good. If you want to ask me some questions about getting started, post your email in a response and I will happily guide you through it.
All 6 of the strings are in the pack, they just put each string into its own paper envelope for easy identification. The ball-ends aren't color-coded like D'addario. Hope this helps. :)
I have found that the Regular Slinky (yellow) is much easier to tune in Rocksmith vs the Pink Super Slinky strings. This is especially the case with the songs with alternate tuning like Drop D. The pink will often not register notes right. They are a bit harder to bend but I think easier to grab with your fingers.
Most strings will fit most scaled guitar lengths. The only thing you need be concerned about is "Intonation" and "String Height" in the changing of string gauges and different scale lengths. When you change string gauges it will require a change in string heights to accommodate the new difference in size of the string which will be a different distance from the frets. Any string will do and the Ernie Ball Regulars are an excellent choice. But, Intonation is the issue when you are dealing with any scale length. Don't want the string too forward or too back. Want it in the Sweet Spot for the best tone. So any adjustments to effect Intonation is done on the Bridge Saddle screws on most guitars and on yours, which will move that Sweet Spot forward or backward. There are sites that explain how to. Or can take it to a music place that does this type thing, which is about all of them.
Includes all 6 strings.
Works great on any electric guitar. Super thin strings easy to play. Harder to keep in tune. :)
Ernie Ball's site says good for drop D and C, but does not mention B
What I purchased was 9 11 16 26 36 46 that is the hybrid set
Elixir Strings with NANOWEB Coating sound and feel more like traditional, uncoated strings. They are bright and lively, and the coating is so thin that you can barely tell it's there. Elixir Strings with POLYWEB Coating have a balanced tone. They sound like strings that have been perfectly "played in". They are comfortably smooth and help reduce finger squeak.
Hi, These are great strings, if expensive, but they last and stay in tune. The 80/20 bronze nanoweb are brighter. See this link wihch compares each type e.g.80/20 Bronze with Polyweb is the warmest. The 80/20 Bronze with Nanoweb is the brightest. See http://www.elixirstrings.co.uk/products/product_acoustic.html
Hannah, Don't think twice about buying Elixir strings...I've been playing for over 40 years, and Elixir are the only strings I will use. They literally last at least 3x as long as other strings, so they really are the most cost effective strings you can buy (Not to mention their brilliant tone)
No, but great strings!!
They are round wound, then wrapped in nano tubing.
I wouldn't. Elixir makes acoustic ones as well, they're just as amazing!
I would learn on lights .010-.046. That will build your hand strength. Then you can decide if you want the tone mediums or the speed of extra lights
All elixir strings have the polymer coating.
They last a very long time. That is why I use them. They have a coating on them that keeps all dirt and oils from your skin from getting into the windings. That is why Elixir quit making Polyweb strings. They were cutting down on their repeat buyer sales because they last so long. The Polywebs are getting harder to find now because all the stock that is out on the market now is all that there is going to be. The make what they call Nano-web strings now. Which are just as good strings but don't last as long as the Polys.
Absolutely! I love this stuff so much I just sent it to my daughter today--don't tell her, it's a surprise! But seriously, I use it on all my instruments, acoustic and electric and there is something in there for everything. All the best, George
whether or not it is okay on a satin finished guitar is not detailed or specified on the kits packaging or individual bottles themselves. I would contact the manufacturer in hopes they can provide you with accurate information. All my guitars have a shiny finish. Sorry. =/
no problem on classical guitars, just check the labels to use the appropriate cleaner based on your guitar finish
It should be fine on your strat as long as the finish is not nitrocellulose.
This was a gift, so I'm not sure. I believe guitar cleaner, polisher, wax. All I know is the person who received this from me was very happy with it.
Yes
Yes
Hey dude. Not really. The fretboard treatments are for rosewood only. Mind you, I find that the orange polish/cleaner is great for removing grime from maple without gunking it up.
No those are sold separately. It comes with two microfiber clothes and a very fine grit sandpaper to clean fretboard
Yes the formula 65 green bottle is part Caranuba Wax. Everything else no.
Using a Taylor 210, with the recommended 13's. I went back and forth with the 80/20s and Phosphor Bronze. I prefer the 80/20s Bronze. I think they are just a little clearer. The Phosphor Bronze sounds balanced and real good, but a little deeper. But it all boils down to what suits you.
Check out the Elixir website for all of the string specifics.
80/20's will be bright, while the bronze will enhance the low end. That's my experience!
Yes I have tried many many string companies they are good for beginners you want to do slide or want string they are easy to move around with these strings in my best are great the sound of the new strings do not wear off in a day as other strings do, if I was you I would go with these strings
I believe it has to do with the acoustic guitar in regards to the quality of the string and its tonal qualities. It produces a better sound; light meaning the higher tones medium light slightly lower tones, and the medium for the richer lower quality of the tones.
Light strings are a little easier to cord and play, however the sound may not be as loud.
Yes, Highly recommended
Not so much....but they are great sounding strings!
You can. Dont worry.
12 or lights
oh yes very good but I call her Ugly Betty'
I've owned a few dean guitars all of them were worth buying. I really like my evo xm but the wood is a lot darker then the picture shows to bad I want it natural.
I don't have mine anymore so I can't measure it but the body diameter was similar to a Les Paul and the thickness was similar to a Les Paul Junior but keep in mind it's not made out of a hardwood. The scale length was a standard 24 3/4" Gibson scale.
I got the Dean case as it cost just $10 more. It would probably fit the Les Paul case but my Dean case has a Dean logo, fits like a glove, and is well made. I shop around at Amazon, eBay, Americanmusical.com, zZounds.com, and Guitarcenter.com.
No just the guitar.
Unfortunately we are unable to do this, as we keep a fairly large stock of items such as this. In an effort to keep all of them new and sealed in the original packaging we can't individually inspect or photograph instruments in this price range.
Hey, Bernard! Yes it will ship to the UK. Shipping should calculate during checkout. Thanks!
Yeah, crappy ones.
It is an inexpensive guitar..you do get what you pay for. For a throw-away, practice guitar that you don't mind if it gets banged up - it works. It is also an inexpensive beginners piece. Is it on the same level as my Les Paul or Fender Jaguar? No. Do I own one? Yes. Would I buy another? No.
I use several mics with phantom power and these cables, these are my most highly recommended!
Why would you think it is a pair?
They definitely aren't originals, but up until now I've had 0 problems with them.
These quad cables are shielded, but the RFI may be from your cell phone, wifi or other rlectronic devices. Turn them all off, wifi off, and move all unnecessary devices away from mic, cables, preamp and audio interface. It could also be buzz from the outlets/ground; try moving plugs and switching ground switch off or on. If all else fails, look for an RFI blocker, available at radio shack. Keep power cables seperate from audio cables anytime you work in the studio.
It plays very well in tune and has a nice sweet tone. Easier to finger too than other clarinets I've had in the past. The Buffet mouthpiece that came with it is also very nice and I use it instead of more other expensive mouthpieces. I highly recommend the Buffet B12.
It has a bell ring. Body rings are metal
I bought the clarinet for my 7th grade daughter. It was recommended by her band teacher. It is a very good clarinet.
Yes, a case comes with it......I've never heard of a situation where the instrument would come without a case.
No, it is a synthetic material, but the sound is Very good.
All the clarinet buffet parts, ligature, mouthpiece cap, Rico 2 reed, cork grease
Yes, it come with a case.
Yes, this speaker can be used for Karaoke, PA Systems or just anything you want to use it for. I use it to play music through and practices my base and drums. Best speakers on the market, it handles highs and lows and can handle any thing you put thro-them..
You just get one speaker with two 15 inch in the cabinet.
Yes these speakers can handle anything u give them and than some... !!!
I wouldn't think this would be a good match. To put it simply, these speakers are public address speakers, and the Sony STR-DN840 is a home theater amplifier. For starters, the impedance for these speakers is 4 ohms per speaker. The Sony STR-DN840 says it has a load capacity per channel between 6 to 16 ohms. So I would think the impedance would be too low for this amp. Prolonged usage would probably cause your amp to overheat and turn off to protect itself. Also, keep in mind that receivers like this usually supply all the 1050 watts distributed between all the speaker channels. So, in this case, it will distribute the 1050 watts between each of the 7 speaker channels it provides. If you only hook up the front two speakers you will not get 1050/2=525 watts per channel. You'll probably only get about 100-200 watts per channel in that scenario. See: http://store.sony.com/7.2-channel-4k-wi-fi-network-a-v-receiver-zid27-STRDN840/cat-27-catid-EOL-Home-Theater-Speakers-Components And See Page 119 of: https://docs.sony.com/release/STRDN840.pdf
I never used a powered speaker to push these ....I recommend u use an amp these can take anything u hook up to them
I use berhinger inuke 6000 dsp with a berhinger mixer and ipod cable hooked to mixer for music like pandora or itunes.
This speaker is 700 watts program power, which means the average amount of power it can handle over the duration of your performance, DJ job, etc. It's peak power handling capability is 1400 watts, which means the top level amount of power it can handle in short bursts, like someone screaming into a microphone or a loud sound effect. So, that being said, an amp that puts out about 500-600 Watts per channel (i.e. left channel for one speaker, right channel for another speaker just like it) RMS (on average) would be ideal. Remember, these speakers are 4 ohm, not the standard 8 ohm of most speakers. This means that hooking up two of these to one channel (either left or right) will give a 2 ohm load on that channel. Therefore, any amp you buy should be able to put out 500-600 Watts RMS into 4 ohms per channel if you want to run one speaker per channel. If you are going to buy 4 of these speakers to run two speakers per channel, then you would want an amp that puts out 1000-1200 watts RMS into 2 ohms per channel. Speaker impedance (the ohms rating) is CRITICAL to get right. Hooking up too many speakers to one channel by daisy-chaining them will drop the impedance too low and you could experience your amp shutting off or not operating correctly. Most amps have circuitry designed to do this in the event of an impedance problem to protect the amp. Take a look at the spec sheet here. http://assets.peavey.com/literature/specs/114378_18647.pdf
No. It has to be powered
It's 1400 watts combined
1400
Yes!
Yes. It's the same head shell.
This product should work with a 1700.
Hello Paul I did some quick research and it would appear that this headshell is compatible to the Technics SL 1100. Looks like what Panasonic did was make their headshells compatible on any turntable that has a screw on headshell.
I have 2 mounted on my Tech, 1200 MKII's right now so yes. They are great and will work.
Mine was shipped mounted. You might inquire with the seller?
Yes, Shure M44-7-H is the perfect choice!
Each Shure M44-7 DJ Cartridge normally goes for $60-80+, depending on availability. This complete "ready to go" item includes a Shure M44-7 and Technics Headshell, both are assembled by an in-store technician, and packaged to ship.
I'm sure it would fit any Technics arm made in the last 20 plus years.
No! Just one.
they fit
They work perfectly on electric guitars. I installed theses on my old Ibanex GX and they are amazing, no need for string winders and they keep the strings from slipping so no unnecessary re-tuning.
Don't know about your guitar,but they fit perfectly on my Wechter Pathmaker and Washburn Mini Jumbo.
Hello Itsvan. You can try contact Sperzel to see if they will direct sell them individually. We do not sell, nor could I find on the Internet, a set of tuners specifically for an 8 string. I would try calling Sperzal, they have great tuners AND American made! They mave have a solution for you. They can be reached at 216-281-6868.
Yes
Inside: 27 1/4" x 10 1/4" Outside: 29 1/8" x 12" "A" Style Rogue Fits Perfect In It A nice mandolin case and especially so at such a low price. I own a lot of stringed instruments and have paid a lot more for less for some fairly expensive instruments. This case serves me well and I like it. Mike
Noblea, I bought the Guardian Cases CG-020-MA Mandolin Case for a RM-100A A-Style Mandolin Sunburst from MF. It is a very nice case and the Mandolin fits comfortably in it. Next month I will have fifty years of playing and own many instrument cases. You will like this case. I highly recommend it.
I just measured, and the case is exactly 3" deep, with nice cushioning to allow for a little squishing on top of that. The body of my son's mandolin is 13" a well. The entire thing is about 27". I took pictures with the ruler- wish I could post them for you! Hope that helps.
I do believe it will. I just checked the dimensions of your Kentucky and they are the same as mine. It is a nice snug fit and the case is really nice.
The case is likely to be too tight for that style mandolin.
i don't think so, you know the size and the shape of a mandolin are quite different from other instruments. even though the size fits, you can't be sure that the shape and depth goes well too.
I don't know what kind of Mandolin my son has. It was a Christmas gift. But I will say it is a wonderful case. He loves it.
It did not fit for my KM-140 (as I mentioned in my review here:
I've been playing for a few years, by no means an expert, but I've been very happy with the Drum Dial. It helps me get to the right tone and sustain (for me this is tricker to get where I want) faster, and more consistently each time I tune.
Absolutely! I am a high school student and the timpani at my school have always sounded terrible with plenty of overtones and awful ringing. We used this on them and they sound better than ever. Timpani are sensitive, especially since they get retuned multiple times within a single song, so they will be out of tune, practically every day. So maintenance is key, keep up with them and they will shine. Also, ours need new heads so that's definitely a factor. In other words, this doesn't solve every single problem, but it does correct a very big one and beautifully at that.
This tuner comes with full instructions and suggestions about setting up your drums. It will be up to you what tension to finally tune your drums to.
This is a very good tool to have for anyone who has drums with nearly any kind of tuning system. My son uses this tool on his hand drums with mechanical tuners. I use it on my Tabla set. We both use it on our trap sets. The drums sound noticeably better after a tuning. A previous answer detailed how this tuner works, so I will not repeat those instructions.
Yes. Any drum with a drumhead big enough for the dial. It's a great tool.
Never tried it but since it measure the head I would assume so.
Yeah it can because that's what I use. Just get the dial as close to rim as you can which is up next to back ring. Just remove the black spongy dampener. This thing gets you real close, only requiring minor adjustment to get right
It shows the tension of the drum, or banjo head on the dial.
Yes it can. I've used this on marching snares before. It is nice because it provides consistent tuning.
This thing is amazing, but I have no experience with electronic drums. It measures pressures so it may work. Sorry I couldn't be more helpful.
I think the product is the same, but the listings with different names are different sellers. They just used different words for the same product. ???
The Deluxe capo is made of polished stainless steel. The Standard capo has either a brushed or polished nickel plated finish, probably on steel. The Standard model now also has the roller mechanism of the Deluxe model. The Deluxe capo is a little bit more expensive than the Standard one. See Shubb's website for details www.shubb.com/capo/index.html
Yes
The bells are all one size. They have numbers l-8 on the end of the handles. However, I renumbered using a Black Magic Marker on the face of the bell according to the piano with middle C as C4 and an octave higher as C5. A 20 note set is B3 through E5. Each note does give it's own sound even though all bells are the same size. Prepare felt pads with corresponding labels for returning each bell to its own pad after it is played. Felt can be attached with safety pins to the table cloths. I use heavy bath towels for table cloths.
This item does not come with curriculum as it is just the hand bell set. Thank you
They come in a very sturdy cardboard box. However, I purchased the 8 note black fabric cases with zipper closure. I prefer the 8 note cases to the 13 note cases. I just ordered four 8 note cases to cover my 20 note set of Bells. To play different key signatures a total of 20 bells purchased as a 20 note, or individual sets, is more beneficial than just 8 notes. A3 thru E5. Recommend; Handbell accompaniment Books: "Sweet Pipes Books with CD"
We love our bells however they did not come with color cards
I'm sorry I can't answer your questions since the original boxes are long gone. We use the black padded cases specifically designed for the bell sets to store them. I can tell you we use the bells with our Childhood Center preschoolers as well as our Sunday school children. The bells are of good quality and sound amazingly clear. I highly recommend them.
The handles are plastic.
someone else asked me about this recently- not sure what the problem is- I have shipped to Singapore many times through Amazon- please contact Amazon direct to see what they can do to help you!!
yes we will ship to Singapore!!
No
you can call us at 413 548 8169-- what you are needing is the RB108C - 5 note chromatic add on!! there is also a 7 note chromatic extension that extends the range up and down for a total of 20 notes --hope this helps we also have a case for all 13 and or 20 note sets!!
Yes. I use it with my Korg microKorg and it works great.
I believe it works with windows but not mac users /: I would sell you mine which i only used for 20 mins to try to install until i realized software isnt mac compatible for a discounted price if you like! Email me and ill set up a discounted page to send you mine which i have no use for anymore! jackienads@gmail.com
The ux16 cable converts a midi signal into a usb for inserting into a computer. As long as the foot controller has a midi out it should work as you need it to in any DAW.
If your piano has 5 pin Midi in/out, yes it should per Yamaha FAQ http://faq.yamaha.com/us/en/article/musical-instruments/keyboards/stagepianos/p100/692/8408
Im not sure about the Songwriter, I think it depends on your computer system, this cord works for a lot of Win and also Mac.I use the garageband and it was awesome
Honestly, I don't know what that converter you mention is all about, but it does not sound possible to me. I know about MIDI solutions for iPhone and iPad which work really well. I bought an IK Multimedia iRig MIDI for my iPhone 4 and I am very happy with it (there is a new version supporting the lightining connector for iPhone 5, etc.). Hope this helps.
I don't know for sure. This cable was called out specifically in my P60 manual so perhaps check the YS100 manual?
Not sure. It did not really work on our Apple computer. A waste of money
Yes
Hello YES we do from 8thstreet Music and you can check out with your APO address via amazon
Did you purchased it from Amazon? Go to "Your Account" then go to "Your Orders" find the invoice of the purchase and print it. Then you contact Monster directly and they will provide you with instructions on returning it. If you bought it elsewhere take it back to where you bought it with receipt and ask for a replacement. lol I remember the sales pitch at Guitar Center selling me one stating that I could simply walk in anytime and proceed to cut the end off in front of a salesperson and trade up for a new one. Nowadays they no longer carry this cord. Care to guess why? Rock on!
That says 12 feet.
Sure, its the best, high quality and cero noises
I use it for guitars but you could certainly use it for keys.
Fits in sound hole easy, nice snug fit.great all around acoustic Mic
The wonderful thing about pickups is that they are all universal in that way. No such thing as a left- or right - handed pickup. Every pickup will work for a left- or right - handed guitar. These Woody pickups by Seymour Duncan are as easy as pie! Simply place it in your sound hole on your acoustic guitar and plug in. I would caution you to turn all the way down before plugging in and then bring the sound up to make sure that you don't blow anything because there isn't a gain control on these pickups. They are simple plug and play. Good sound, decent quality entry level acoustic pickups. Buy it. You won't regret it.
Sure. This basically turns your acoustic guitar into an electric guitar. I've plugged this into distortion and delay pedals as well with no problem. With an acoustic guitar though you might run into slighty more feedback from the amp, but it will work fine.
Yes, I used it the other day on Rocksmith.
I've used it on my Yamaha classical guitar, and it works pretty well. I believe it works better on your standard, steel string acoustic guitars; but, yes it works with nylon strings. Hope that helps. R. Logan satisfied customer
It has a regular guitar jack input. A male end
This pickup doesn't have its own power source so any product that does is optional. I have used a small digital recorder with adapters and it worked fine.
Most modern/late model guitars have sound holes of a similar size for commercial convenience. Usually, custom guitars may deviate. Without measuring, I'd say theres a 90% chance that it would.
it has a wider stance than the average hole by about a half inch on either side and is held in place with some foam rubber substance - so more than likely yeah - but if I had a Martin I would upgrade to a unit that had a volume control on the wire - just saying. This pick=up is elegant for we who play professionally but is out of your control at the source besides your amp...and thru an electric amp it's tinny sounding - but thru an acoustic amp or pa it's just as rich as can be.
I imagine it would be. I dont know of any acoustic pickups made specifically for bass.
No, it has no oboe fingering option. It only has 3 sax style and 1 flute style.
The WX-5 is a fun and worthwhile instrument for any skill level, but I think any beginning player on another instrument would do better by concentrating on that instrument for at least a year or two before trying another instrument, including the WX-5. The WX-5 as I recall offers several fingering alternatives, including saxophone but not clarinet.
You need a sound generator, like for example the Yamaha VL70m.
Hi, well I use a mfc10 foot switch, made by Yamaha, on stage, it allows quick push switch with my foot for presets, it powers the wx5 with six cable. The mfc10 is connected to my Roland sound canvas via reg midi cable. You can hear dome of the stuff I do at one of my websites, www.ratalleycats.com. I use flute, organ, vibe and synth settings mostly. Terry
Well if it has a regular midi input on keyboard it should. I ran it into my computer and went thru band in a box with no problems. I hooked it up to two different Roland sound canvas's with no problems. All of that via midi interface. I currently use a mfc10 foot switch to a Roland sc8850 sound canvas and it works great.
You will need a synthesiser / sound-module. Examples are anything from a Yamaha VL70m (pricey) to a Yamaha MU15 off ebay (cheap). Basically, anything with a MIDI input can be played with this device. As with all things, generally the more you spend, the better the sound.
No, don't work for this model of bc rich, sorry for my english, I hope you understand me. Bye.. It's case is for model like LTD JH-600
does not fit my jazzmasters
This case is primarily for the normal shapes like telecastor and stratocaster. But Gator makes a GW Multi Fit case for extreme shape guitars like firebird, flying - V, etc.
No, this case will not fit the squier bronco bass. I recommend the "Gator GC Deluxe Bass Guitar Case" or "Gator GL Lightweight Bass Guitar Case".
That's hard to answer with 100% confidence. I tried the case with an Ibanez RG model, a Strat, and a Tele and they all worked fine. I suppose there could be a guitar or two that due to it's cutaways etc might not fit. I looked at a pic of your guitar online (nice!) and it's similar to my RG. I 'think' it will fit but there's only one way to know for sure and that's to get the case.
Not sure I have super strat guitars and they fit great.
This item is made in the U.S.
While I don't know, if you send me the dimensions of the body and how long the neck is I will measure the case.
Not sure about the JTV 89F, but I use one of these cases for my Variax 700.
No
EXPs are Extended Play, meaning they are coated to last longer than normal phosphor non coated bronze. Also a little bit smoother of a tone in my opinion.
Maybe a small amount. It's mostly due to the design and materials used in the strings. I've found that D'Addario strings tend to be bright. Phosphor bronze strings offer a rounder, warmer tone. 80/20 bronze offers a brighter, cleaner tone. The coated strings tend to be darker than plain strings of the same gauge and manufacturer.
Not really sure either ... ask amazon or manufacturer
I guess it would depend on what kind of finger picking you're doing. These are slightly heavier the normal light gauge, so maybe try something lighter. Really, though, it would just be personal preference. I do a bit of finger picking once in a while, and I don't have any issues with it. Just find a gauge that is comfortable for you, and have at it! :)
Yes they can since they have balls in the end
I tried a set of custom lights for the first time. So far I am well pleased.( before I always used light set ). I do not play the guitar that often but I like the difference that I hear and feel.
Haven't put thru lots of different tuning setups but so far no problems. Great strings - very flexible without breaking.
Yes.
EXPs without a doubt. But I just feel they start brighter and stay brighter, longer.
Yes. I think D'Addario strings are the best for acoustic guitars. Especially these coated ones. A little bit easier on the fingers for a new player.
My tubing is 1" but it looks like it would fit 7/8". So I'd say the answer is yes. This is a sturdy unit and I've used for over 1 1/2 years with 2+ weekly gigs with no problems.
It seems to refer to outer diameter per my measurement
no. the angle you see in the photo is lowest it will go.
I'm not sure if it will lower that much or not. I would check mine, but there's a 80 lb. keyboard on it. It does lower a lot and you can move them closer together by loosening the middle rod.
This stand extension was used for a drum processor. It was not 26 lbs, but if the heavier piano was on the bottom, then you would probably be OK.
No
It adjusts in both width and length depending on what height you set your scissor stand......Great sturdy product!!!
Attaches to your stand, not stand alone.
I'm not sure I understand your question. Once you set up the tier system, the tube attaches directly to whatever structure you're putting it onto. It's about the tubes, not the screws. There are no screws that directly attach to the instruments you're putting on (other than the ends of the tubes). Experiment with it, I'm sure that you'll make it work.
Yes, this item can hold a standard size notebook or laptop but it must me at least 15 in.
I believe that you can. It is large for my guitar and it is normal size. I believe it tells you how large it is in the discription!
Hi James - Yes, that should fit. It won't be a super snug fit, but the guitar will fit in there. This case is for Dreadnaught size guitars. So any brand guitar that is a Dreadnaught size will fit. The S6 looks to have slightly more sloped shoulders than most dreadnaughts, so it may not be totally snug in the upper bout. But the case will be able to protect it. At the worst, you may need to put a little rag or towel in there to fill the void - Andy
I keep a 1960s Gibson 12 string with concert body in my case. I measured my guitar and came to the conclusion that the inside measurements of the case should work--and they did.
My guess is,"No." My custom D15 does not fit - it's too long. My Epiphone DR-500MCE just fits. Gator has changed the look of their cases recently, perhaps they also changed some dimensions. A call to Sweetwater or Gator might be the thing to do.
Depth 4", Length 41.5", Widest point 16"
It fits my Gibson concert box 12 string, which measures 44" by 16".
I cannot answer that directly, but I have a Gibson 12 string concert box and this was the only generic case that this instrument DOES fit in--quite nicely.
Yes!
It fits an acoustic Fender Starcaster perfectly.
I'm not sure actually. I have a Schecter Hellraiser acoustic and it fits fine, and I think mine is bigger than a Martin.
Hello, I wish I could be more help to you. I have a Gibson Melody Maker 2014 that is a bit too thin for this case. I had to pad it out with some hand towels to make it fit properly. If your guitar is thinner than a regular Les Paul, you might have to do the same type of thing to make yours fit in terms of depth. Otherwise, it fits the other dimensions pretty well.
Black inside and out. Great case. My LP does not move around inside at all.
No, it's not. I suppose you could cut it out, but it's not supposed to come out.
Hi, No it won't. Thank you for your question.
Yes it will
Yes
i think you should check for yourself at a nearby store. i think it might not.
My MIM Fender Tele does not even come close. This is a Les Paul case, great case for an LP bad case for a Tele.
not sure but I do not think an SG would fit?
I would think so, as long as it's normal sized. I have an LP special fits perfect.
The arm on back folds in and can be adjusted to various settings. The metal stand itself is one solid piece. I cannot speak to its origin.
The width is 20 inches; height is12 3/4 inches; the lip which will support your music is 2 1/2 inches wide. This is a sturdy and well constructed music stand. I have enjoyed using it.
This is a heavy duty music stand. The lip is approximately 2 inches and will hold a lot of music though I cannot give you an estimation of the weight it can handle. This music stand is sturdy but much will also depend on how sturdy the surface it is standing on. I hope this helps you.
I just tried putting a magnet to it. It does not stick.
About 11/16 of an inch, eyeballing it with a ruler.
It is very light. It is almost the same exact stand as the top of a standard music stand.
Yes it does pivot. It is a very well made and sturdy music stand. I really like it.
It is the same size as one with a tall stand just without the stand. It works great on top of my grand piano if I don't want to opens the piano. It fits one book nicely.
About 3 inches
These are batter heads- the side you hit. Resonant heads- the bottom heads- should usually be single ply ambassador weight. So to answer your question- "Just one side for each."
The ad states the drum sizes as, "Three (3) Toms: 10.5" x 10; 12.5 x 10.5; 16.5 x 16.5;" THESE ARE NOT STANDARD SIZES!!! The drumhead pack you are asking about has 12", 13", and 16" diameter heads. If the drumset ad is correct (and I doubt it is) these heads will not fit.
Yes.. except for the kick drum..
Take a tape measure and measure the diameter of the skin inside of the rim.
12", 13", 16" 14"
Unfortunately, on this package you cannot. It comes with the 12", 13", and 16" and a bonus 14".
I'm actually a beginner myself but played with them on and off and what a have found is that I like the sound better with the bottom heads off. It's a little work to get all of the nut holders off. Just do one, one of the toms, take the lower skin off and see if you like the sound better than the other Tom.
Very rugged and very adjustable{upand down,in and out} I bought this to reto fit it onto a nice pneumatic stool with a footrest that I play guitar on . Simply screwed the bracket into the bottom of the stool and screwed 2 2hole electrical pipe clamps over the bracket, on on each side of the adjuster knob. very sturdy and can be removed out of the bracket in 2 seconds for transporting to gigs. Really don't like sitting on drum thrones to play guitar. Too low, no footrest.
Yes it attaches to it with a couple of screws that came with it, no problem
It comes with everything you need to attach it to the throne. Just make sure your throne has the two holes underneath it.
I would have to answer No. It might fit some but that would depend upon the type of throne you were using and whether it had a compatible attachment for the back rest to go into.
Sounds like a question for tech support. Their website Crateamps.com
It should, check the back of your amp if there's an input section labeled foot switch with two inputs (reverb / clean,lead,rhythm) if it has that it'll work.
Absolutely!! I had purchased this pedal for the same amp and it works great!!
The one I purchased did come with new cables yes.
I am not familiar with the GLX212. I know it works on my GX-130C. If you have 2 " footswitch jacks to control 3 functions, it should work.
Came with a cable to hook it up. The cable & footswitch were color coded to match up.
It is wired to the machine, can't add any.
No, it plugs into a standard wall socket
Yes, with a power inverter that is rated for more than 450w. Be careful because it will blow stock fuses if you use the power outlet. Wire it yourself or replace the fuse. I recommend using a 40 Amp fuse with a 500w+ power inverter.
The remote and cable is 15 ft long
broke after 2 months ... using outside with no plug? I don't know how that would work . I wouldn't recommend it.
rinse it out and fill it with a mixture of 1/3 Cup white distilled vinegar and 2/3 Cup water and turn on the machine, let it heat up and run it till there are about 5-6 puffs of fog, then rinse it out and fill with just water and turn it on and let it steam about 7-8 times, let it cool, dump the water and store the machine. That's what I do and it works. I clean it before I store it every time
almost 4 and a half inches - approx 4 and 3/8
I used them with a bit of high temp silicon to secure them to 5" cap lights.
I would say yes. Pin spots are fairly standard in size - our band has a whole smattering of lights from different vendors and I haven't had any problems.
They are fairly thick and would color a flood light stream but maybe compare the diameters. It might also be wise to inquire with the company to make sure they won't melt on a flood light.
Yes.. They are semi-transparent ... You see can through them..
No, these are for outdoor lights.
?????? Can you put them in your eyes or not? I though they were like contact lenses
RED OR BLUE
I haven't measured the lens of the pinspot, but I recall it's about 1.5".
The only Martin 12 I owned was boomy and dull and disappointing. I traded it in on a Taylor spruce/mahogany auditorium guitar which is a delight but which lacks the clangy jangly tones of the Tak. Between the two, I should cover my Appolonian and Dyonisian selves. I've never even played a Martin 12 since, and haven't missed it. Also, the Tak is considerably cheaper, given the electrics etc. Hope this helps.
17 inches
Hello. Really sorry, we don't understand your question. This is a NEW Takamine guitar with full warranty but it's not the newest "line" of Takamine guitars. let us know any more questions
whadaya want me to do, measure the goddam thing? take a tape measure and go to guitrar centere
Rotor oil is for brass instruments that have rotary valves like French horns and some tubas. You can use it like regular valve oil on piston valve instruments like trumpets.
Yes, I use it on my saxophones. Also consider Ultimax Key Oil, medium viscosity from MusicMedic.com
If you don't have any grease then you shouldn't be using the valve oil for the slides. But if you really don't have any grease and you really want to use it then you could use a paper clip to unclog the dispenser that the oil comes out of.
Hi Quincy. You could connect your mixer via the stereo channels and drag the low freq on the eq up. Or you could use an equalizer to ajust the sound. A recommend an equalizer because you can ajust the low frequencies on multiple levels. Regards. Rasmus Pedersen
You need to connect the Main output on the mixer to the EQ input. Then the EQ output to the speakers.
EQ can help with room acoustics and non-linear speakers. Since it affects ALL notes and voices of a keyboard, it is not a good voicing method. Suggest you shop for a keyboard that you like.
It has 2 inputs and 2 outputs. You an use either XLR cables or 1/4 gls audio cables. Look at the back view of the EQ it will show you, also in the description it tells you the type of connections.
Make sure to come OUT from the FBQ going to the input on the Carver, then OUT from the Carver to the amplifier. If this does not work try coming OUT from the mixer to the Input of the Carver, then OUT of the Carver to the amp and see if you get sound. If not the problem may be in the Carver. Good luck!!
Power input depends on where you buy it. Mine is set up for 120V 60Hz only. Manual lists three voltages, plus a "General Export Model" that can be used worldwide. Ask sweetwater.com or behringer.com about how to order the voltage options.
its not designed to, but it can be done. its usually used in recording/ music production studios, radio stations, etc.
yes it is good for non-professional home use. Allows you more control for left and right eq-ing
If your receiver is old enough, there may be a "tape monitor" switch on the front panel. Connect the record out to the eq inputs & the eq out to the tape inputs. With the tape monitor switch in the on position, it sends the preamp out to the eq & the eq out to the power amp section of the receiver.
As many as your mixer will allow. How it is setup is you will run an aux send channel to the effects mixer and then back to the stereo channel. Then whatever channel you want the effects on you simply turn up the aux channel that the channel is sent from. If you need pictures or a better explanation my email is jon8403@gmail.com
Yes they can be removed
I am sorry, I do not understand the question....inputs to inputs???? it should be a non-powered output from the onkyo to an input of the EQ. I do not understand what you are trying to accomplish here.....sorry.
No it won't
No. (I thought the rear view was pretty clear). But you can get an adapter for a few bucks. Just search for "1/4 inch TS male to RCA female".
Thanks for the question- For a cd player, (or any accessory- dvd player, cable tv or a dish) your "audio OUT" plugs (one red, one white) get connected to the "audio IN" plugs on the equalizer. Then the Audio OUT from the equalizer gets connected to audio IN on your amplifier. Just remember Out from one component goes to IN on the next one. For the sound quality- set the amp bass and treble to neutral (midpoint) and adjust the equalizer to compensate for the speakers, the room and your preferences. For variation in the quality of source recordings- I sometimes adjust the sound using bass and treble on my amp. BTW to hook up an iPod etc- get a cable with the headphone jack (male pin) for the iPod and the red and white (RCA) male connections. The music goes OUT from the iPod and IN to either the equalizer or an AUX IN connection on your amp. OUT from one device and IN to the next.
I don't know what kind of amp you have, but the two outputs in the back of the EQ are XLR and 1/4" , one for each side (left, right). I use two 1/4" jack patch cables from the back of the EQ outputs to the inputs on my amp. My amp uses RCA jacks so I had to buy adaptors to down size the 1/4" jacks. if your patch cables are RCA, then you need to get adapters to size up the jacks. Hope this helps.
That's an easy one: Are you on 140 or 210 volt system?? 60 Hz or 50 Hz. You plug the inverter in backwards and where the 12 v DC goes you use 3 6volt dc batteries = 18 volts divided by well, the circular permutation of subscripts formula is quite complicated but the inverter backwards actually give s the graphic equalizer triple the strenght so 12dB boost becomes 36 dB boost and etc.. unless its a parametric equalizer then its triple boost is even more aparent because of the very nature of the parametric system. You should see MY set up. My wife HATES the fact that we have (seriously) 40 pairs of speakers ; some hooked in series and some in parallel and some daisey chained. The BIGGEST are them JBL JRX 2x15" (my pet basset got his teeth into one) ; to the smallest a 12" Altec-Landsing voice of the theatre system cuz see before the 15" voice of the theatre All-tech Landsing used the 12 inch speakers's THAT"S when they used the backward mounted inverter and the 3 x 6volt dc batteries. What a sound why I ........oops dinner's ready
Melody, it depends on what connections are on your amp, the back of my amp has both xlr and trs, I prefer the 3 pin xlr better because I feel it is a better connection. You can find cords that have both and come in all different lengths.
Per Marc Maron on a mic website "In the garage I use two Shure SM7s into a Samson MDR6 mixer into Garage Band on my mac. On the road I use a Zoom H4n and two Blue Encore 100 mics." However, the SM7B is a great broadcast mic. I use it for studio vocals. Hope this helps.
Yes, a preamplifier is required in order to use this microphone. It requires an XLR port which is not on any motherboard.
You can buy a Mackie 402-VLZ3 mixer for $99 on Amazon. Nice clean preamps and it will power the Shure SM7B. This will also now give you a mixer to use with other things and inputs. It has some onboard EQ also. http://www.amazon.com/Mackie-4-Channel-Compact-Preamps-402VLZ4/dp/B00GYFFP8M/ref=sr_1_1?s=electronics&ie=UTF8&qid=1386177530&sr=1-1&keywords=mackie+mixer
Yes, you can still record some good tracks. However, not sure if you'll be able to get much color.
Mexico
I'm not sure how much more gain the 2i4 has than the 2i2. I felt that I needed the CloudLifter with the 2i2. I can't say enough good things about the combination of sm7b and CloudLifter. Really sounds good to my ears.
This microphone has it's own mount, that provides slight separation from any vibration noise. There is no elastic suspension "shock mount" available for this unit - but is a very rugged mic that can take a beating. Any decent stand will do... but because the SM7B is fairly heavy, I'd advise if your going to hang it off a boom stand, I'd find a sturdy one with a decent counter weight. I use an Atlas Sound MS20E Heavy Duty Microphone Stand or the On Stage SMS7650 Hex-Base Studio Boom Microphone Stand.
Yes
No problem. The SM7B has about the same output as a SM57. GREAT mic.
There is no correct answer here. It's a question of taste. The SM7 is a typical "radio" mic, but can also be used as a voice over mic. There are some alternatives in the same price range that have more voice over characteristics, better frequency response and less noise in the signal. Still the SM7 is wonderful for radio (I own three of them) but it needs some extra tweaking with voice processing and EQ.
It has a beautiful matte finish.
Standard xlr, mic accepts the female end like most mics. I got the GLS mic cables found on amazon. I'm very pleased with them! Good quality, great price! I got a different color for each singer in the band so I don't have to guess who's who at the mixer!
Musicians gear die cast mic stand. Was like $15.99
It requires a cable
If you want to know about the connection cabe you need a XLR cable (three pin). If you want to know the outpout impedance (thats a little bit more technical) at 1KHZ is around 250 ohms. I bought one for my daugther, it works ok, middle class, not high end product for profesional use.
nope
This works with a xlr cable you need a usb. This mic uses power supplied thru cable... just a guess..no
Yes it requires a stand. It needs to be screwed into a proper mic holder. It's about 8 or 9 inches.
It is a heavy metal mic. I found out after the fact that this one is not the condenser mic like the PCM 100, but set the gain high, and it performs just as well.
Yes there is.
Yes, it comes with a DC adapter you plug in to the wall outlet. It's a little weird because it doesn't have an on/off switch, to turn it on or off you just connect or disconnect the power cord.
All tubes are different in the way they are designrd and manufactured.NO two will glow exactly the same.Also the strength of the tube will effect the glow given.For examole,two tubes exactly alike will give a different glow if the strength of one is greater than the other.Also different brands of tubes will glow differently because of their design.......................Hope this helps . Rick
They both use the same tube, so there's that. But the differences are in the options each gives you. The VT999 gives you EQ options that you can blend on your own. The MIC200 has some pre-selected EQ's based on popular setups for different instruments. Also, you can't turn the MIC200 on and off like you can the VT999. I would use the VT999 for a guitar amp and the MIC200 for other things like keyboard, vocals, acoustic guitar etc.
yes it will, but you may end up with hum, it is a tube preamp, it does have a bass guitar setting. you can return it, so hell try it.
I would try and put the original tube back in and see if that is where your problem lies; also make sure the tube is firmly in the sockets and glowing slightly.... I also replaced the tube and have had no issues.
Well with my setup I use an XLR chord (a mic chord) to connect to the interface (your Focusrite) which connects to the computer via Firewire or USB
I have another XLR cable that goes to my interface (a gizmo that has six ins and outs both XLR and standard instrument "phone" jacks). To hook that interface up to the computer there is a Firewire cable. It has a Firewire plug on both ends. There is no such animal as a XLR to USB or Firewire. The XLR is a patch cord while USB (or Firewire) carry power and data. My interface is called a Presonus Firebox. I've had it a long time and it works pretty well. Line 6 has some good interfaces too. I am really liking that Behringer pre amp. It's well worth the $50
You can use basically any dynamic or condenser mic.I currently use a 12 volt(13.8)and it works great.The 48v is primarily for phantom operation.
With pre amp you can get noise filtering, you can get more gain, clipping will depend on your mixing and volume while you record.
Any 12AX7-A will work as well as 12AU7A,12AT7A,7025 and others.(output power will vary by tube number).You will have to decide based on whether you want a bass(low pitch) or more of a treble(Higher pitch) sound to suit your needs.I suggest you do some Google or Yahoo research to familiarize yourself with the variations of these tubes as well as the price difference as some of these like the 7025 and some types of the 12AX7-A can get expensive....
Yes, full 360 degree swivel in place.
Yes it is removable for transport! Just a bolt and wing nut holds it in place.
the weight limit is around 225 lbs .ive bought this seat which by the way is made in china,of course, and i weigh 200 lbs and it turns easily .the structure of the seat is very strong . i would recommend it
The seating pad is 3" from bottom to top.
12" wide. I'm 200lbs and never have a problem with it.
It's approx. 19" low and 23" at its highest.
20" to 25"
I'm not too sure what you mean by "size of seat adjustment"... I can tell you that I am 6'3" and 255lbs and I find this throne very comfortable. It can go a bit higher and quite a bit lower as far as height adjustment goes... I hope this helps.
The three feet have a diameter of about 18". The seat is about 12"
It goes about 24-26 inches. I'd like one that went higher.
It's a knockioff of the Technics Headshell, which is 7.3 grams. Amazon should update the stats, as they ARE confusing......
Mine did surprisingly so I would think it still does though they don't advertise it.
Yes, you have to buy a cartridge/needle to connect to it.
Yes, its just head shell no needle.
Yes it will. Great headshell for the money!
Yes, it will fit any standard 1/2" mount cartridge. It does not include mounting screws, however those are typically supplied with the cartridge.
Correct.
Personally I do not like the Dyna with a bass. The Dyna is geared towards thinner strings at a higher octave than a bass. What will happen when you run this particular compressor with a bass is that you will over compress and your notes will become very "muddled"; loosing tone and a rich bottom end. MXR has a series for bass. I would look at that rather than the Dyna. Bass compressors tend to compress less thus allowing your natural tone to come through and leveling out the volume of string slaps and such.
All items from the MXR and Dunlop product line are manufactured in the USA according to Dunlop, with parts made outside USA i guess.
MXR along with just about every effects pedal company does not include an AC adapter with their pedals. One can find package deals though that do include an AC adapter. If you happen to have one for a Boss effect pedal that will work; as well along with many other brands. Do note that these pedals come with a battery inside. It is important that you remove it if you don't plan to use it. Folks sometimes forget it is in there and the battery acid will erode the inner electronics of the pedal.
It colors the tone when engaged, and also adds a bit of noise. Most compressors do. But adding a clean power supply or a noise suppressor will fix that. If I recall correctly, a low output from the pedal results in low noise.
Yes, mine came with rubber covers that makes it easier to adjust.
I'd say it's definitely on the harder side.
There's nothing on the case which is a very solid painted metal. Inside, on the printed circuit board it has Beneficia Ca 94510 USA.
I have a 14" snare on it now, and its tight so probably not.
This is a drumset stand. It can only be used for seated playing. Hope that helps.
I bought these to make a set of snare drums into end tables. Because of that, I have them as low as possible, with 3 inch snares on them, and 1/2 glass top, andhe snare bottom rests at 19.5 inches. I raised them all the way up, and the snare bottom rested at 21 inches. They look fantastic by the way, but I'm sure that's not why you are interested in them. Hope this helps.
I asked my son (for whom I bought it) and he says it should be fine.
I'm using it with a 12 inch vater pad and it's perfect, however it gets red hot when I'm rockin out.
Yes, you can adjust it without problems; one thing to consider is that this stand is not as strong as the 800 or 900 series so if you have a heavy snare drum, it is better to buy a 800/900 series stand.
Nut Width: 1.725 inches. It would be a standard acoustic guitar spacing. That specification is unavailable.
Quality of the wood, more hands on craftsmanship, higher quaility paint and better appointments.
Manufactured in Montana
No. I would not. I love the sound of a Hummingbird and a pick up deadens it.
Yes hardshell case is included. Please call me with any other questions anytime. Thank you, Adam GTRSTORE 646-460-8472
7/29/2006. That's when the Price was matched to the Guitar itself. Not sure on what year it was made.
the one I purchased was excellent, and it had the GREAT sound you expect from any Gibson guitar. It souns so great that I rarley use the electric component. I have also a sj200 and an advanced jumbo; all three have different sounding, but you cannot go wrong with a Hummingbird, and it is a beautiful guitar.
$90.00 plus shipping!
No battery. I think it's dc but I'll check when I get home.
The power supply was included when I bought mine about six months ago.
There's no pedal input on it. To be honest, with the amount of boost built in I can't imagine you needing to supplement that in any way. If you increase the gain or volume on this, it makes a drastic difference.
The instructions say "the footswitch toggles the EQ in and out of bypass", which could mean only the EQ is toggled on and off, and gain and volume are always active. This interpretation is bolstered by the EQ LEDs toggling on and off, but the gain and volume LEDs remaining on, regardless of the footswitch. HOWEVER, when the EQ LEDs are off, the gain and volume sliders are lit but have no effect, so it seems the footswitch provides a true bypass for the entire circuit (gain+EQ+volume). BTW, I've had my M-108 two years, and I'm still happy with it.
It should go like this. Bass, digitech bass squeeze compresor, tech21 sansamp bass driver, mxr eq, amp. So when you use the mxr you can change all the sounds of all the pedals
YES, it works great, but you don't need to use the 18v output. I've been using mine in a standard 9v output, thereby saving you a spot for another 9v pedal. I've seen other people with several various ways to connect it, but, it's so simple, just use ONE 9v input. Enjoy your new EQ.
it's all 1/4 inch adapters. I would assume so but haven't tried it. I only use it with my electric guitar which is what it was intended for. Your mileage may vary.
There was no question from Amazon. Please respond with your question, and I'll be happy to help you.
I don't see why not. I have a instrument/vocal Sennheiser mic running to it. I turn the DB boost on and it boosts my vocal and instrument recordings. It doesn't add any hiss either. Just make sure you have the proper XLR cable and I'd say you should be fine.
You can but the XLR -USB calble will need to have it's own A/D convereter. This is what you are looking for. http://www.amazon.com/HDE-Female-Cable-Instruments-Microphones/dp/B0050CEEIW Check this video out too https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IY_C3EBiNy0
it comes with it; but any 9V 1000mA should work; sleeve is positive (polarity), but if you get the universal one that you can turn the plug around, you should be golden. The model of the plug is YH-UA-1210.
Use an internal Sound card to interface to your DAW or for a 3.5mm jack use a monitoring control to manage your flow like PreSonus Monitor Station Studio Control Center or the one that I personally have and like is the Samson C-control Control Room Matrix which is configurable to what ever setup you have. Depending on your desire you may need the Samson C-que8 4-Channel Headphone Amplifier, but both is cheaper than the Presonus setup (even though I have mostly PreSonus shop).
No just one
Only one head. Don't know why they show two - misleading.
This comes with a single Falam patch
The closest thing I can say its as loud as maybe tapping in a Pringles potato chip container with pens. I think you should be ok for apartment living. I'm moving into a condo next year and I am still going to play on it.
Yes
Not necessarily. I find that the 8" one is big enough. As long as u stay away from the 6" you're fine. The 6" i would find too small myself. I have a 12" Xymox reserve pad and a 14" AHEAD snare practice pad too. I even find those to be too big. The 10" is fine it's not too big or too small, if you decide to get that one. Hope this helps.
It's 8" center only.
use this video: http://www.vicfirth.com/education/percussion101/snare3.php check out the other vids. on the site too, they're really helpful
Aprox. 21" X 11.5" X 1.5"
The cartridges are available if you want to use them, but the Q-Chord is quite playable by itself. You don't have to use the prerecorded stuff.
Yes, just like a guitar!
The same as any other musical instrument. You play chords or notes appropriate to the key you need.
yes, it does play guitar sounds and it can be played free when you buy the cassette that you can put in it. I have 2 of the cassette, usually has 2 songs or more songs on it. You have to buy the cassettes individually. This is a wonderful instrument, I love it and take it with me when I play at nursing homes.
Yes,this is one only tambourine.The other descriptions are features that comes with it.
Well considering my son is 9 and plays with no problem I would have to say 10 should be fine. But if your child is not accustomed to playing tambourine then I would get single row.
The only thing they have is a single row of jingles, 6", with the praying hands. We do not have this listed. The cost would be $30.75.
Not sure but no for small children.
I bought mine for use with my acoustic drums and then triggered them. I love the control of the sound for practicing and playing.
That's the trigger I use and it's worked very well. One word of caution; no rim shots.
You have to change the foam order because there is a thin layer of foam attached to a metal plate beneath the original heads. it's fairly easy. Just be careful when you move the thin foam (with the attached metal plate to it) move it slow and only a few inches so you won't tear the piezo element wires. I highly recommend this conversion, it feels more natural and the acoustic noise is reduced drastically. Good luck!
I think it actually could work better On a square stand, but if anything I'd be more afraid of the movement with the psa1. After a certain angle it would definitely slip out. So unless you were keeping the portion you wanted to clamp onto straight, I would be cautious with this and a psa1
No
No
Hi Maiah, I don't know if it fits on a proline mic stand. but, I can tell you I had to open it up with a grinding tool to fit an old atlas stand with a diameter of .875 inches ( I just measured it). once you get it to fit it is a sturdy and useful shelf. If the proline is slightly smaller it might fit without modification. Dan
Hi, Here are my concerns when I got this product: 1. Very small clamp- I got it hoping that it would fit my music stand and has a VERY SMALL clamp so was not able to use it. 2. This product is VERY HEAVY Be careful with this product-consider a different one that is lighter and that has a better clamp.
no, it is 22cm x 22cm in size.
Ones with the flag. I bought a brick of them. Great sticks.
http://www.vicfirth.com/products/stick-selection-guide.php , SD1's are 16.375"
hi, this is the normal size, is not Jr.
You get two sticks yes....the price is for a pair.
sticks are always sold in pairs
yes. If the sticks were sold individually, it would say so somewhere on the page
The Nady shock mount is not really a 'universal' mount as these things go. Even the Nady mic I purchase with my shock mount was a tight fit. You may be able to find some examples online of the types of mounts use with your microphone.
yes it will! I have an at2020 and it works fine, it holds the mic very snug
No
No. It is designed to hold cylindrical mics like the AT-2020. Try this: Shure Shure A57F Microphone Clip https://www.amazon.com/dp/B0006NMUEU/ref=cm_sw_r_awd_RpK.tb0A9V8CW
No. This only works for mics with a cylindrical body like the Audio Technica AT2020.
Yes.
Extremely so. Ive had mine forever and I love it.
Yes it will. It fits nice a snug too.
standard mic stand threading. It screws right on the end of a mic stand with no adapters needed.
Do not believe it will work. The CAD U37 comes with it's own adapter that can be connected to a mike stand.
it's a set (two) :0)
Hi! Sorry, I don't have the literal dimensions, but my middle schooler plays this mallet in band on a marimba. It has a nice, rich sound, although it is VERY soft. If I had to guess, I'd say it's about the size of a persimmon, if that helps you picture it! The mallet sticks themselves just barely fit in her backpack without having to leave the head out of the zipper.
A pair (two sticks). :)
It is a set of two, but I wouldn't buy these mallets. I bought four pairs, and they each fell apart after about a month. The yarn is poor quality and they were wrapped just as poorly.
Yes. Try work well also.
I have the YPG-235 and it works fine. The sustain does not have the fade out one is used to on an acoustic, but I have been very happy with this add on purchase for my Yamaha keyboard.
HI Jan and Happy New Year! Great question! I did a lot of research via Google, Bling, etc. before I called Yamaha and asked them. They gave me the answer without hesitation as to which sustain pedal was best for my PSR-E433 and I am reallllly happy with their advice. My FC4 works without flaw and I have been very happy with my purchase. My advice...call Yamaha tech support 800-854-1569 or parts 888-892-6242 for the very BEST answer! Enjoy !!
Yes! This is the one that goes with actually any Yamaha keyboard. It sounds great. I used it when I accompanied my Glee Club students for solos. If this one ever breaks I would definitely get the same thing. Good luck.
Absolutely, Yamaha makes their products to integrate with all of their products and models.
It works with any keyboard that has a dedicated 1/4" jack for "sustain".
I tried this pedal on a an older Casio and it did NOT work.
refer to your owners manual, or google the owners manual for which pedal you should use for your brand of keyboard.
Yes, that is what I have.
Yes, this pedal has an adequate speed that allows for pleasing expression when performing in most styles.
Yes
According to the forums, you should try a BG Silver Revelation Ligature. I use a Vandoren mouthpiece, so I can't verify this information personally.
It should fit any Bb mouthpiece.
I've ordered the 1R a number of times, as well as Rovners for Bass Clarinet, Soprano-Alto-Tenor-Bari Saxes and all have come with a sturdy, well-made plastic mouthpiece cap...not the thin, easily broken cheapo cap, but a good one that will keep the reed hydrated while the clarinet is at rest. It is a necessity due to the shape and configuration of the ligature. Hope this helps.
Expensive? I think the price is just right. You can try comparing other ligatures by buying cheaper ones than this. For the price, I am highly satisfied with it. :)
I don't see why it would not work on any clarinet mouthpiece. I I use a suzuki clarinet and a Vandoren B45. mouthpiece and this ligature works great, it also worked great with the standard mouthpiece.
Mine did, but I bought an extra just in case I lose it. Forgot the price, but it was minimal
I bought that few years ago. Since that my daughter never complained anymore. It just worked.
The model of clarinet is irrelevant. You need only be concerned with the mouthpiece. Although I don't think it will be an issue (the 1R ligature should fit even a Selmer Goldentone), you can take your mouthpiece to a local music shop and size it with the Rovner 1R.
I would try this ligature before buying a new mouthpiece. To start with it will be so much cheaper as a good mouthpiece is quite expensive. I found that this ligature allowed the reed to vibrate better and it is much easier to change reeds.
http://www.rovnerproducts.com/support/product_inserts/AllOneLigatureInsert.pdf
Gosh, I don't have exact dimension, but I am 5'2 woman and it fits me like a larger guitar would fit someone that is 5'8 or taller... it's appropriate for my size or smaller.... very nice.
Yes
It being a Martin guitar it comes strung with Martin strings. I currently have it strung with Dean Markley lights.
2'10"
Made in mexico
It is absolutely ideal for a child because of its small size . Furthermore it's constructed to last a lifetime it's a really nice instrument ...
No
I measured and it's 6" at the thickest part of the gig bag with the guitar in it. I wouldn't think you'd have trouble fitting it under a bed.
No
In the title it says "with padded gigbag"
Yes! It is very well packaged, we had no issues at all. Gorgeous guitar! Sounds great!
It's a full size guitar, not one of those 3/4 size training things you see advertised for kids. Good sound too.
The guitar comes fully assembled with the strings already on the guitar. Unfortunately, no guitar will retain it's tuning during shipping. If you are a beginner and not yet adept at tuning a guitar yourself are numerous tuners available these days. In fact you can now purchase high quality electronic tuners for under $20.00, these are a huge advantage advantage over sound matching tuners that require a good ear to operate.Korg AW2G Clip-on Chromatic Guitar Tuner
The difference between the two guitars is the S34C has a cutaway for access to the upper part of the neck. That is what the C stands for. That is the only real difference
No, just one on the bottom. You will have to tie your strap to the headstock.
41.5 inches by 15.5 inches (at its widest)
I would say no. But great sounding guitar for the price.
no,just the guitar... you can get a capo ,and picks cheap at guitar assy,on amazon,,buy the way this is a great playing guitar
You would have to look at amazon's return policy and warranty info. The guitar is awesome. It just needs set up like every other guitar.
No, you can easily purchase one with the savings and its still a better deal than other starters.
Something about 40cm X 15cm. I think Schylling Musical Hand bells should fit there in too. But note that it's not a hard case, it's material only and very soft.
Yes they fit one up one down... I actually bought two sets of bed and 2 cases. Great for the price also it protects the bells and makes it easy to transport them! Have fun.
Handle - 3 1/2 inches Bell's diameter - 3 inches Bell + handle hight - 5 1/2 inches
This item is only a case to hold bells. Bells have to be ordered separately. I bought granddaughter the 8 piece set of bells separately and they play different notes and she absolutely loves them. The case I bought holds 8 bells nicely. She is 3 years old and plays with them daily.
Yes. This is the case I use for Schylling bells.
4
No
I am not 100% on the type of plastic they are made from. The ink has not changed a bit in the year and a quarter we've had them. I wash them in the sink with warm water and dish soap without issue.
the little tiny beads are plastic which is of course chemicals so perhaps a vacuum cleaner or a swiffer floor wipe with masking tape will get every bead up and away from baby's mouth.
They are plastic. I gave them to my twin grandchildren that have just turned 2 years old and they love them. They make a nice sound, plenty of noise but not annoying.
It looks like you would have to order four individual eggs, as we do not carry the assortments in one color.
they are the size of an extra large egg I would say
Yes, you need a stand so you can adjust the height and angle of the pad. If you are serious about drumming you should have a drummers throne also, so you get used to posture and position to the drum/pad.
I just leave mine mounted on my snare stand. It does come in a cardboard box though, so it can be stored in that.
Yes
All I know is that we bought the Vic Firth 12" double sided for my daughter for her high school band practice and she still uses it for college. It's been a great product and we have no complaints.
A snare stand will work. You don't actually need any sort of stand. It can be placed on anything. If you like to sit and play, make sure you get a stand that will allow you to lower it low enough so you can sit and play comfortably. I don't know a ton about stands, sorry.
To my knowledge it is a bundle. I bought my as a complete unit to replace an expensive Ultimare Support stand that was breaking and they stopped making parts for
It has the same width as the lower tier -- 21" to 37". So the width won't be an issue. However, the center of gravity will be higher so it won't be quite as stable as if you placed the Kronos on the lower tier, all other things being equal. I think if you have a sufficiently heavy keyboard on the bottom tier (to lower the center of gravity of the whole rig), then it'll be fine.
Your best bet is to use a 1/4" piece of plywood cut to fit on the tier, then put the small keyboard on that, so that your overall stand width isn't at the minimum. The narrowest you can set the whole unit is about 22" (outside to outside.)
It might be a bit tighter than, say, sharing a piano, but I think it would work. It would be more a matter of how wide your keyboard is.
Probably not. The minimum width is 21" (53 cm), and a typical 25 key controller keyboard is 19" (or 48 cm) wide.
It would depend on your sitting position and how far forward you have the keyboard on the first tier - the set back is about 8", depending on the height set. It's certainly no worse (and probably much better) than the cross pieces on one of the X-style portable stands.
Definitely will go low enough for use with a regular chair - adjustable for sitting to standing positions.
Too short
6in diameter, 1.5in side
Maybe 6". It is not here right now.
It's a thin transparent piece of material/plastic - but is closed on one side and has held up well with my toddler!
Outside dimensions are 49" long, 16" wide and 4' deep
Normal 34" scale and below would fit. No hollowbody, or longer scale(might not fit)
The length won't be a problem, but the width will be a tight squeeze (of course you want it snug, but not where you have to force it in) I don't know what you mean by "turning it" but the cavity is 14"" wide, 15" if you squeeze the padding. If by turn it you mean "angle it" in the case and get down to 14"", it should work because its not a form fitting case so you have some wiggle room. Will be snug, but snug is good.
4ft X 14in X 5in
Yeah... I got this for my hoppus and it havnt gave me any problems yet
Good
Yes
Not familiar with Toby basses; I own Ibanez 5 string model EDB605. Fits in Musician's Gear Deluxe Bass Case Black nicely. It has indentation for neck but doesn't hold bass in place when carrying by case handle. One could use makeshift strap over neck at this point. I use 2"X2" insulation foam (from Home Depot) to pad bass bottom and side(s). inside dimensions of case: overall. 47" ;bottom to neck brace, 20". I took my bass to local music store (Guitar Center) asked for their least expensive case, put my bass in and tested it. Their cheapest model was exactly same as Musician's Gear Deluxe Bass Case Black. Happy enough with it.
Take some measurements of the guitar, but I would have to say that most likely the Jackson JS32 Rhoads will not fit.
Its the same width as a strat case just longer. If it is any wider its not much. Ive stored strats in mine and they fit width just right.if you have a strat case try to fit the body to be sure . Length is not an issue
I have that exact guitar. I had to do some serious modification to get my guitar to fit. It involved pulling back the fabric lining and chipping away at the wood underneath. I would have to recommend a different case since the pressure on the neck of a guitar due to a case that is too small, may effect the integrity of the instrument. I have had tuning issues with mine, but I'm not sure of the cause of this.
Yes it fits my Gibson LPJ. Nice case for the price.
I didn't measure it but I have my Les Paul Standard in it and it fits perfectly. Hope this helps.
It will be a tied fit a Davison guitar is a little bigger than the Gipson Les paul
No
No sorry will be to tight
I don't have a ruler but I can state that it fits a standard size Les Paul and Les Paul type guitar. I also checked this case in luggage on the airlines and it made it back unscathed and was inspected by the NSA. One of the locks misfunctioned but they got in the case and it passed. I also made sure I taped the case so it wouldn't open as extra assurance. They simply cut the tape and went inside. It was treated as special luggage and I had to pick it in another more secure area instead of the carousel under the watchful eyes of NSA agents who asked for ID before I could take it. We had a stopover also coming and going. The case is tuff enuff!!! The internal padding is adequet and maybe you'd like to put a huge polishing cloth to further bolster and secure the guitar. (This also means there is space for your songsheets in the case if you put a few in first and place the guitar on top of the papers. But the case will fit a standard size LP guitar.
Yes it will!
The Lee Oskar harmonicas come in interlocking cases. When you have several of them, as I do, they become a sort of box with several small lids. Definitely the best case design in the harmonica world.
I think the most common is C. but its related with the music you want to play, I love the bass tone of the G harmonicas but its not always the best for all songs. C is a good choice for the first Harmonica, but if your grand daugther loves to play it, she will finally get like 4 or 5 harmonicas and also the Hohner HB-6 Harmonica, for carrying all her Harmonicas. I think you dont have to buy expensive harmonicas at first, try to give her a beginner harmonica and see if she really loves it. Ive given several harmonicas to enthusiastic teenagers who finally dropped the instrument. so it's not worthy to spend a lot of money for a begginer. later youll see and perhaps you will buy for her a "Lee Oskar" or a "Marine Band".
Japan
5Bs are wider and a little heavier than 5As. Oak is heavier and harder than maple.
Most Vic Firth sticks are hickory. This one is as well. I found this hidden in the Vic Firth stick selection guide. You'd think it would be in the main description of the sticks. http://www.vicfirth.com/products/stick-selection-guide.php
2
These are wood tip sticks. They also are available with nylon tips.
Yep. They pretty much all come in even numbers. I've been very satisfied with these, they have pretty good action and are also very durable.
American Classic 5A Tear drop tip for rich cymbal sounds. Light and fast for jazz orchestral and pit work. L = 16" | Dia. = .565" American Classic 5B Tear drop tip. Ideal for rock band and practice. L = 16" | Dia. = .595"
chicago, ill, weather
A 7a would be a more appropriate size as it is lighter. Good luck!
I don't think it's a good idea to play djembe with drum sticks.
Sure... as long as you are not a "heavy hitter" these drumsticks will work.
Yes
15 inches
No they are perfect! !
They shouldn't sound a lot different. And the weight would depend on the type and amount of paint you used.
They're 6.99, but yes, they're new Vic Firth 5a Wood Tip.
YES! My primary HH is a Tama heavy duty.
Sorry Brett, but I do not know. I used mine on some train wreck stand that I bought from craigslist. It happened to work for my application. Good luck
I dont know, it depends on the diameter of the rod it clamps onto. If the Meinl stand has too large of a diameter rod then no. It fits a Tama Hi Hat stand, sorry I cant be of more help. Go to the Meinl webpage, look up the stand you have and read the "specs" (specifications). Im hope this helps, good luck!
there is no pre amp, or battery. its just a plug in play.
Check this informative link.......... Hope it helps. http://holeinthewood.com/body_shape?zenid=tf8gfvc0bfj6o7854mpmvmtl93
yes it comes with the Allen key for adjustment
Yes
Per Epiphone the AJ-100CE has the Nanoflex pickup.
It is an acoustic electric guitar.
Lol. I just noticed that it said that. Looking at the guitar I received, I think it has it, but it is on the inside, so it is just a really bad shot.
personally I think it would be too large. Our daughter is 17 and began guitar this year and bought this model and it is large and heavier than other models. I would recommend a lighter, smaller one.
An active pickup is one that uses electronics to improve the sound, some sort of battery powered preamp that gives them a thicker, hotter tone, while passive pickups do not. You just connect this guitar to your amp and control the sound and volume from the amp.
I have both a 900 and a 910. Either one will fit in this case. The case is satisfactory for carrying the keyboards but does not provide as much protection as cases with thicker padding or hard-shell "airline" type cases. I also have a Yamaha YBV612 "Virtuoso Series" case that has better padding. That model is now discontinued but the Yamaha website says the similar YBV611 is still current (although I don't see it on Amazon or other retailer sites). http://usa.yamaha.com/products/musical-instruments/keyboards/accessories/cases/ybv611/?mode=model#page=1&mode=paging If there is any chance of rough handling you might want to consider a different case. After all, you're protecting an expensive instrument. But if you will be carrying it yourself and are careful, this case is fine.
It wraps 3 sides of the case. It's a little big for just the keyboard so I also fit in the stand during the move.
This bag was so spacious, I'm packing two Roland Keyboards in this one bag. Both are 61 keys of course. They are Roland E-09 arranger, and classic JV30. I stack them with padding in between. Even then, there is still space for extra small equipment. Hope this helps.
The case is well padded on the bottom and the sides. The top is also cushined as well.
Yes.
I use this roomy case for a Yamaha DGX-230 keyboard. There are straps for securing and very nice padding for keeping the keyboard secure.
The size of the sturdy bag is 41" Long, 17"height, 5" base.
The bag is a loose fit for a PSR S900, that is about the same height as the E403 but about 2 inches wider and 2 inches deeper. So it's certainly big enough for the E403 but you might want to put some soft gear, like cables, or some type of packing material in with the keyboard to prevent it from sliding around.
The case measures 42"x16"x8" and holds my Yamaha keyboard with room to spare.
My Yamaha YPG-235 76 Key Portable Grand Piano fits with plenty of room. This is bag is very padded and structured. It is soft but the corners are reinforced and it stands up beautifully. It's like a suitcase for the keyboard. Very nice. Hope this helps.
I used it with the Yamaha YPG-235 and it worked great.
I wrap it in a piece of that "resistance" stuff & place it inside the case. Be careful not to "bang it" against Thursday keys.
It fits
It would, given the specs. I wouldn't recommend it for such a high-end keyboard. You may be better off with a hard case.
Yes
As long as it's 76 keys, you should have no problems. I have a Korg N264, it fits with room to spare.
I would say The JV 90 will fit comfortably!
Not sure about the exact weight, but I don't have to work hard bringing inside a venue. I think the weight would depend on the keyboard inside it.
It should, I have a Korg N264. There is a little wiggle room with my ax in the case.
I have a Casio 76, and it has plenty of room. Nicely padded also.
We have a straight angle. My husband has several guitars. This was for our daughter so he just used what he had.
The more you play the easier they get. Make sure your thumb is in the middle part of the neck and flatten out your first finger on all of the strings. Like everything else, it just takes some practice.
You should be able to carry it on the plane. It's 35" long in its case. For the total linear length and weight it should be okay. However each airline is different I'd call the airline and ask
Did you by chance remove the tone and volume knobs on the guitar to remove the clear plastic cover on the pick guard? I knew someone who did that and when he replaced the knobs they were not in the correct postion so when he thought he had it at full volume it was not producing sound, because it was in a postion for no sound .
I bought it for my 8 year old granddaughter and her guitar teacher said it will be another year before she grows into it.
Yes
No
Yes
no this is a six string 3/4 size guitar, a bass guitar is what your looking for
No, if you 'require' a USA made guitar expect to pay at least $400 or so ... and that's for the cheap ones. The build quality of the one we have is OK (it was playable out of the box) but now that my daughter seems to be sticking with it it will get a professional set and I'll be upgrading the tuners (the weakest point in the hardware it comes with).
Yes, it has the Epiphone Limited Lifetime Warranty. You can look up the details at this URL. Just scroll down the to DR-212 model for them. http://www.epiphone.com/Support/Warranty.aspx
No, it's acoustic only. It does not have any pick-up system included.
You can also go to http://www.epiphone.com/Products/Acoustic/DR-212.aspx for more info on this guitar. If you can't find your answer there, you can get the phone number to the Gibson' help line on this page. They're available 24/7, 365 days a week. It's a great guitar for not a lot of money. I highly recommend it!
I believe it should, but I would be careful. the dr 212 is a 12 string the Dr 100 is a 6 string. so your case may be a little bit too short. My 12 string measures 43" overall the body is 20" and the neck is 23" to the end of the top. Measure your case to be sure
Regular tuning has worked thus far for me... If it's going to sit for a while, tuning it down may not be a bad idea.
Yes -- all new guitars come with strings. They might not be the best strings, but if you need to ask the question (no disrespect intended), they will probably be just fine until you reach the point where you're ready to look for something special. Note, however, that it does not come with other accessories, except for a neck adjustment wrench, which I would urge you NOT to use yourself. You will probably want to buy a case or at least a padded gig bag.
Essentially yes. A bajo sexto is basically a standard 12 string guitar tuned an octave lower and tuned to E-A-D-G-C-F. By the way this is a fine and inexpensive 12 string as well.
The Pearl rack measured with calipers measures 1.575". Its considered 1.5" square but has the extrusions on it that adds the .075 to the measurement. It looks like the clamp although would tighten up on a actual 1.5' square.
This piece is designed to work with Pearl Icon, 110, and 210 series hardware. Anything smaller will unfortunately not fit and Pearl doesn't manufacturer an adapter for smaller hardware.
There is no adapter that I'm aware of. The clamp is universal. I'm using a gibralter cymbal arm and it works just fine. Make sure you tighten it all the way.
Yes, this clamp works for the DR503 and DR503C. Fits any side of the rack.
I can't say with 100% certainty but i don't see why not. It has quite a bit of flexibility having adjustments on both sides of the clamp.
The measurments are 58"L x 20" W x51/2 " Deep. I has a substantial pocket also. I'm very happy with both the quality and the price. I've had other bags that fall apart at the seams (literally). I recommend it for any keyboard no matter the weight. Regards Spike
Hi, I can't answer that question for you because I don't own that keyboard you do. Simply measure your keyboard by length & width, then check the dimensions of the bag & go from there. I hope this helps.
It's plenty big. I have a Yamaha and a Roland keyboard I use this bag for, and both are a bit bigger than those dimensions.
The bag is huge and is padded nicely. The measurement is not correct. We carry a CASIO WK-1630 in it!
I don't have the specs on yamaha ypg535, but I have two different full size yamaha keyboards I use this carry bag with, and each fit in this bag, with room to spare.
If your Yamaha keyboard has 88 keys or less, it will fit. Plus you do not have to involve yourself and/or others to measure your keyboard's length, width and height, because it's not a hard case. However, don't put anything heavy on top of your bagged keyboard. Good luck. :-)
No base, just an extra foam "windscreen" for the mic.
Hi Nellie; The WH20TQG has a miniature four-pin female 4-pin mini connector for direct connection to Shure wireless body pack transmitter. If your transmitter doesn't match up it's pretty easy to shop around and find a headset that does. I purchased this one and liked it much better than one you are looking at: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B007PZ5F3K/ref=oh_details_o05_s00_i00?ie=UTF8&psc=1
To remove it would be difficult you would have to customize it heavily, the gooseneck is adjustable, but you can not make it longer.
The connector is one that fits into the little transmitters you wear on your belt which then wirelessly transmit to a receiver. Whether you could find an adapter to change it into the 1/8 in plug for your laptop is a question I couldn't answer I'm afraid. You might look at Cables to Go for that, or contact Sure directly.
This headset is not usb, but mini xlr.
The description says "Includes miniature 4-pin female connector for Shure bodypack transmitters," so I assume that means it won't fit an audio technica transmitter. It does fit a Shure XLS body pack. However, I'm far from an expert at this stuff, and don't have an audio technica transmitter to try it on.
I use an amplifier Proel, but I think it goes well any amplifier
Plugs into the box with batteries that fits in your belt.
I use this headset with other Lavs and works fine. It doesn't have as much of output so volume needs to be set higher.
Yes it will, as long as the other transmitter has a connection that fits shure wireless. Google pics of the connection piece to be...sure
YES
Sax Pad Saver, two swabs One for the mouthpiece and one for the bell. And a cleaning cloth.
From what I know, the sound quality is as good or better than that of similarly priced saxs. I don't know where it is made. I hope this helps Carmen M.
Thank you for your question. I am selling a brand new one. When listing a product, Amazon asks to list against an already existing product or create a new one. So, instead of creating a new category, I listed against an already existing one. Sorry for the question. Thanks
Yes, Used sax always comes with a mouthpiece unless the seller mentioned that a mouthpiece is not included. As you know, a used mouthpiece usually has a lot of teeth marks. So if you don't mind, you can still use it based on it's condition. For me, I purchased a new mouthpiece. Have fun!
No. It doesn't. Neither a case.
It looks like all of the ones posted are in fact the YAS23. It looks exactly the same as mine, except the version posted does have the high F# key, which mine did not. And yes, it was made in Japan.
I will include it for you if you would like that.
There were no reeds with our purchase.
no it has not been re padded with no ill effect
No, Taylor's Big Baby is clearly too big for this little case, based on the spec's on Taylor's web site.
I have two different skb cases. One with & 1 without lock. The one with lock appears to be & if I recall the one guaranteed to be able to go in cargo. I've never the opportunity to travel with this case, but I think it's sturdy enough to handle it. The big concern are the cargo inspectors who may open your case & handle your guitar. Do you allow strangers who do not appreciate your guitar to handle it. The case is fine, it will handle it. You might be better off paying ups the $25 cargo to ship it. Check it out.
It's designed to fit both. Guitar dimensions are very similar.
I have both a Martin LX1 and LXME . The SKB case fits both guitars perfectly. You should have no problems with your particular Martin LX model.
It fits my Grandaughter's 7/8's Mitchell Junior and my Little Martin perfectly. It may work for a child's guitar if you pack the edges with foam.
No. Look for an ATA approved case where you can use an external TSA-approved lock. I'm not sure if any built-in lock will be TSA approved.
No
Yes
Yes
If the instrument is a Baby Taylor, then yes.
Due to the difference in the overall size, shape and configuration of the head stock (location of tuning keys. etc.), I do not believe this item would work for a violin. Although I am sure that there must be something on the market made for this purpose, I personally am not familiar with it. Since Amazon can provide almost everything in the world, if it's made, they will have it.
Yes but it only goes up to a certain weight. If you have a heavy guitar, then I recommend going to home depot or lowe's for stronger ones.
It might. The opening of the hook is about 2 1/4 inches at its widest so the ukulele headstock would have to be wider than that. Otherwise it would slip through.
Do you have the screws and the mollys? Email me at scarletartist@hotmail.com if you can snag a picture of what's going on, the wall has to be totally solid it can't be a hollow wall or else there's no way the mount will stay on
Yes, I think so. I have an electric 12-string hanging from a String Swing Metal hanger. It's neck is 1 3/4" wide near the nut, where the hangers hold it. There seems to room at the point for an even wider neck too. Hope that is helpful. Parry
Not sure. Holds an electric guitar perfectly. Holds at least 30 pounds
Yes
Yes it unscrews from the plate. They are awesome hangars in my opinion.
yes
the hanger does not move, its all screwed in place.
Do the tuning pegs have a squarish roundish shape? Like tuning pegs on a piano but much smaller? I'm pretty sure all autoharps have the same kind of pegs and this one should work. I say go for it. Get a 25$ purchase and shippings free for that item, kinda cool.
Yes it absolutely will. I used it on my children's harp. :)
It is used on regular auto harps so you might be able to tell from that description. It is a little wrench-type device used on auto harps so if the posts that hold the strings are the same size then it should work. Read the description of the tuner carefully for clues that might help you decide.
Hammer and wrench in this instance are synonymous.
IMHO this is the tuner for you.
Very close to 4MM. Many zither pins are this size. Measure yours!
I own a Sekova Chroma Autoharp and it works just fine. It is worth a try.
There is NO marking on this tool, but I measured it......it's closest to 5/32" x 5/32"....... i was lucky in getting this ( on my first try) for my used autoharp (maker unknown) that had no tuning wrench.
I am not sure what 's kind you have but I used it for my lab harp
12.7mm
Yes it will, as long as it's attached to a sturdy underlying cymbol stand.
Arm is 17" and rotating arm is 5.25"
Actually, that arm is going to support even a 20, or 22 inch crash ride cymbal. It's elbow has teeth that interlock when tightened. The arm is solid metal, and also has no-slip grip texturing all along it, so that when it's knob is tightened, it's not going to twist under the load of a heavy cymbal. The only thing you'll need to worry about is that the stand it's going to be attached to will support the mass of both, the arm, and cymbal, together. It'll get the job done, nicely.
Yes, some tom arms my be narrower than others. #ducktape
It's possible as long as the cymbal is not too heavy. I think this arm is ideal for a splash for a small thin crash
Somewhere Between 18-24...
You can attach it to a straight stand. That is how I have mine setup.
Yes very light and sturdy
Yes, that's exactly what I did and it works very well. You could also do a small crash, but nothing larger.
Yes it will.
It might, my resonator is 13 3/4" and it is a perfect fit. There is a one inch cushion on the sides which mine just touches. It will compress slightly over 1/2" so it could fit, but it would be a very tight fit, probably not what it is intended to do.
My 5 string Gretsch resonator fits in this case.
4" wide
Yes, the lower bout compartment for this case measures at 13-3/4".
Hi there--This one is a bit smaller than that, not quite 41 inches, so maybe not quite what you're looking for? I hope you find the right case! Happy pickin' :)
I'm not familiar with the design of your banjo. It fits a standard banjo beautifully.
My 5 string Resonator fits in this case. I have a Gretsch not an Ibanez. I think that if it is a standard sized banjo you should be okay.
I believe it will work for you
the width is 14 inches, the depth is 1.25 inches . Its a flat top case. you will probably need an arched top case.
The order only comes with one of the size that you specify. Hope that helps you. Randy C.
this particular listing is for the 10 inch size as it says in the listing head -2 by 10 -2 inches deep and 10 inches diameter--they come in different sizes and would be listed by their size- if you need more help call Mud Pie at 413 548 8169--thanks for interest and hope this has helped
You get one drum in the size you choose.
Yes it does
Hi. I've read that there are fakes around on ebay for sure. I can't vouch but the box here and the warranty card, manual, cloth, case - all look pretty authentic to me. The logo cut too looks pretty authentic. If you want to compare to a fake google for sample images. You pretty much can tell straightaway. The box (for fake) is a little like this but seem oversized, the logo cut is clumsy (unless "they" refined it) and the flute do not come with the above warranty cards owner's manual etc. My case is moulded plastic which has maroon velvet, my friend's son's has a case like this one.
Yeah not bad for high school (I used this one in Year 10-11), if you want to take this to university like I ended up doing with my flute, you might want to consider a higher-level flute. Check with local music shops.
I checked the flute. On the longest sting: one end engraved "Yamaha 221"(no yfl), on the other end engraved 6 digits number plus letter "p", made in Indonesia. I didn't see the warranty card, only owner's manual and dealer offices sheet.
Yes , it's a real Yamaha Flute , it was shipped from Korea so don't worry. The quality of the sound is AWESOME!!! I got it like nearly 500 bucks because I was in a hurry. The school OLDS flute sucks!
Closed. Student flutes would not be open-holed (advanced and hard to grip properly).
yes. It is a nice flute for beginner, my daughter likes it. But the flute teacher has told us that we need to change to a new one soon.
I play flute and started August of 2013 and on this flute I can play low and high "E" and "F". I am not sure if you can play high "G" or if I have just not learned that note yet. I am certain though that you can play all of the following high notes: "E","F","C","D",and "B".
it says malaysia..
It is working well.
If you're looking for a really portable stand, you'd do much better buying one whose music-rest folds up. That part of this stand is a very sturdy tray measuring 18+ inches x 13+ inches . The value of this stand is its solidity, not its great portability.
I have no way of weighing it, but it's not bad, about 5 or 6 pounds. It is VERY sturdy and I love it.
Yes, it can lay horizontal (flat like a dinner plate) and tightened into place. It's VERY sturdy but I wouldn't put anything terribly heavy on it in that position. Good luck!
Measured from where your music would rest, just under 3' 6", top of stand is 4' 5". We extended it as far a possible, and yet keep it stable. There is no stop on it. So, you can pull the whole thing out of the base.
Excellent
No. This stand is not that kind of portable. If you want to stand that is as close as you can possibly get to a non-collapsible stand this is what you want. But I highly doubt you'll find a bag for it.
Looks like you can order parts at: https:// on-stage.com/products/view/117530
Perhaps an error in the info. There isn't anything that requires batteries on my music stand.
Not sure, but I own one...no battery. It is purely mechanical. Great stand!
We have 2 of these stands and they definitely don't wander in their tilting. In fact there seems to be a tightening mechanism that keeps the tilt in place wherever you set it. We sometimes even lay it flat to hold a computer and then tighten it into place so computer doesn't fall. I can't day that after months or years of changing the tilt that the mechanisms won't get stripped but we have purchased two stands, one of them at least 2 years ago and don't have this issue. I hope this helps!
Yes they do. Completely folded up, you could fit this in a tube 4 1/2" by 24"
I wish...but no way.
Yes
This is only for two cannel stereo operation. (R-L) You would need two units to do 4 channel. (front R-L) (Rear R-L)
Thanks for the question. The 882i has 23 dbU of headroom while the 482i has 18dBu, but I don't believe there is a difference in sound quality.
I believe the major difference is that the 482i has two channels (you can use it for two instruments) and the 382i has one channel.
I'm sure they work exactly the same.
yes it will it will work for any type of digital audio input and enhances the sound very noticeably very great purchase
I'm not sure sorry
No. Mine is 110.
This unit BBE 482i Sonic Maximizer U.S., Canada and Japan models are 110-120 Vac @ 50-60hz. All other models would be 220-240 Vac @ 50-60hz. Hope that helps
I have mine between my separate preamp and amp. Not knowing your equipment, I would suggest putting it on a tape monitor if you have one. Otherwise, I would put it between the CD player and the receiver. You just need RCA cables. It'll take 1/4" unbalanced cables too. Let me know if you need more help or more about what it ACTUALLY does.
Yes, it is a C flute.
The Gemeinhardt 2SP includes the flute, case, and cleaning rod
Flutes need to be tuned every time they are assembled, so you will want to have a tuner of some kind as well. As for whether it is a good flute, I found it to be good for its range; it has a nice sound, I think, a warmer and sweeter sound than some, to my ears at least. However, each flute is different, and so is everybody's taste; if you have the opportunity to do so, I would very much recommend that you go to a shop selling the instruments and try listening to several and find which one you like.
Yes it did.
I don't know, but the flute was in great shape and my daughter loves it. We haven't had any issues
Yes, it has a 3-year limited warranty. Does not cover deterioration due to perspiration acids, corrosive atmosphere, etc. Does not include pads, only covers their flutes from authorized dealers.
On its longest/widest outline it measures 16 x 44". The lower part of the case is 3" tall, the lid 1". The bottom part where the guitar body rest is towards the neck 23" wide, in the center of the lower part there is a 1 x 8 x 10" erected piece of padding. All measurements been taken to with un stressed padding, which is around .5" thick.
Yes
Yes, I bought mine for a Dot Studio; not sure about the Casino. It's a perfect fit, Love it!
fits pefectly.
Nope .This case is for semi hollows only , I have an Epiphone Riviera Limited which fits perfectly . The body of the Gibson ES 125 T won't fit , hope this will help you .
Yes it will fit
As long as the dimensions are similar and it's a thin semi hollow, it should work. Biggest difference between this case and other "semi hollow" cases is the area where the head stock rests. Epiphones have larger than average head stocks so this case is made to accommodate.
From the looks, I would say the ES333 is a tad too wide in the lower part. Check out in the answer section, I gave there all inside measurements.
Unfortunately, we cannot ship new Gibson/Epiphone products outside the United States.
Yes, it will fit the case. http://www.amazon.com/Epiphone-Case-Dot-Sheraton-335/dp/B0002FO9QY
My guitar is a ej 200 ce with the control and tuner on top this case works great I love it hope this helps ray
no es de buena calidad el cuero se raspa de la nada.
Maria, Yes it does. I have the Epiphone EJ-200 and it its perfectly.
Yes it fits perfectly
Yes it will!perfectly
It fits a "jumbo" body guitar, but I do not believe it will fit a "dreadnaught" body guitar, which I believe is what the DR-100 seems to be. Too much difference in body shape between a jumbo and dreadnaught style (I have both types). I'm not sure if "bumpers" are the same as "feet" - it has small brass "feet" (essentially shoulder-washers and screws) on both the "bottom" and "back" (for laying down flat in open condition, or sitting down on feet in "carrying" position). One key is provided for the one locking latch (main, front & center), but I haven't actually tried to lock it and see if it works...
It's well designed and I haven't smelled anything for the month that I have had it for thus far.
the jumbo is a large guitar so there should be room but I cannot say for sure.
not sure about the size and shape of the pr 53 so all I can tell ou is the jumbo is a large body guitar so a guitar of the same size or smaller should fit.
Sorry about typos in earlier response. We love the sturdiness and it shrinks down to about 2 feet.
There is no instruction at all. You need to figure it out yourself.
I bought mine within the last six months, and the neck assembly is metal. It's a good, strong stand. 12/26/14 - Because I received another question, I looked at the neck "assembly" again. The assembly, as opposed to the neck, itself, seems to be made out of plastic. It is actually hard to tell that it is plastic, which is why I missed it the first time. My comment remains the same that this is a good stand.
"stand has maximum overall height of 60.5".
Mine will hold around 6-8 pounda standard such as books , no problem with music. You can make it hold heavier stuff over 10 pounds by simply applying bees wax to the shaft.
No, not on mine. The only thing that a magnet will stick to is the pole.
The lip is 20 inches wide (same width as the desk) and 2 1/4 inches deep.
The clutch mechanism is an integral part of the stand shaft. The inner tube is a "friction fit" with the outer tube. Just place your foot on the base of the stand to keep it on the floor, grab the desk portion of the stand and pull it up or down to raise or lower it.
My book plate is aluminum and will not hold magnetic clips.
Sorry I don't know exactly. I purchased these stands to donate to an organization and I no longer have one that I can measure. I do know that they can be used comfortably from a seated position. I also know that the group using these likes them because of their adjustability and is asking me to order more for them.
My daughter plays hers both ways no difference with quality of sound
I am sorry but we do not do international shipping through Amazon. Thanks.
21 1/2" Mine has a strap button, so including the strap button it is 22" long
yes
Best Answer: There are six XLR inputs, meaning that, yes, you can connect six mics. But only the first four mic inputs have "pre amps," which I believe you've confused mic inputs with pre amps, as these are two different things. Some mic inputs have pre amps and some do not. Simply put, a "pre amp" amplifies an XLR mic input signal. The purpose is to help increase the level of a weak/quiet mic.
Hi, this isn't a USB mixer, you may connect it to your computer with a USB interface.
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes its not digital its analog
Yes
Got this a few months back, haven't even opened the box yet... Sorry
ball end, making them easy to use with fine tuners. LOVE these strings--I've been using them for 30 years. They're instantly tuned.
Medium gauge
The Jargar strings are medium grade and the Spirocores are not Tungsten, they are the regular chrome stings. I prefer the superior grade Jargar strings for 1 & 2 and the Tungsten medium Spirocores for strings 3 & 4, but no one packages that combination. Hope this helps. This set is a good price though to keep on hand for emergency backups though.
Hi-tech spiral steel core strings. Here's a link to the different kinds of strings. http://www.ifshinviolins.com/Articles/tabid/145/articleType/ArticleView/articleId/411/Guide-To-Choosing-and-Using-Strings-for-Violins-Violas-and-Cellos.aspx
Mine did, also the cable is removable so of.it is not long enough or becomes damaged you can switch it out with out tools. Someone must have been thinking when they designed the switch 3.
No it is powered through the TRS cable. You can order a different length cable online - just make sure it is a TRS male to TRS male cable.
This can be used in order to program different kind of effects, but is not necessary if you have the MP-75 this pedal is optional, but is a great help when you are a guitar player and vocalist
THIS PEDAL IS MADE FOR THE TC HELICON INTERFACES YOU CAN SEE THE MANUAL AT THIS SITE http://www.tcelectronic.com/switch-3/
Yes
yes
If you have a VLT 2, you can have up to 6 tracks... Depending upon the loop. But so far, you wont be able to record/play and turn on/off loops only woth 3 buttons Ed Costa Rica
I have the voice live touch original. You can change what the pedal does -turn on off looping -move to a different setting -you can find instructions for it on voice council. com http://support.tc-helicon.com/entries/21056981-VoiceLive-Touch-Switch-3-control
The rail at the bottom is a little over 17.25" wide. The wings at the top are about 22" wide. The single foot in the back is a little over 6-6.5" from the front of the book rail at the bottom when it is extended, but it is stable if you don't go quite that far. When folded up, the entire unit is about 16.5" long.
No
I don't understand your question.
Two inches is probably pushing it. This Hamilton is very stiff to unfold and the bottom does not want to lay completely flat and is therefore a tiny bit wobbly. The Manhasset table top would probably be better. Hope this helps.
the table top music stand that was sent to me was Not well made . Not well assembled...you should be able to use it on your keyboard. personally, i would use a music stand that is fitted to a keyboard stand or a free standing/stand alone, heavy duty music stand...
Pull apart the wide hinged music holders. If it sticks make sure both angled horizontal bars are folded down in the middle of each. If still stuck close up and start over. I love mine. Roger
d28 and 35 are the same in my opinion in head stock and I'm sure didn;t change hole size, but since it has been drilled a bit , I have in past carefully lined the the hole with a very thin paper ,wood, etc . to just take up a bit of the slack to snug up the fit. Don't be afraid to try this for it can work and is rewarding. I honestly feel there is no lost of sound with this for you still have your bushings?? I lve the grovers and still have them in my 72 d28. It's like re-sleavieng an old piston wall Chevy Block, but easier. Best
They should work with any 3per side configuration. The only caution: the hole for the screw in the back that holds it stable might not match so you'll have a tiny hole in the back of the headstock that shows. The worst thing that could happen is that the hole for the machine head doesn't match and will have to be drilled out. Any music store witha guitar tech on staff can do it for a couple of bucks. I'd get them. got a set for my Ibanez and I have to tune it like once a week.
below it.
I'm not familiar with your guitar. I've put Grovers on a variety of guitars and some times they fit and sometimes need to ream hole a bit and may have to plug old screw holes
yes
I have my original 1972 Les Paul which has the kluson 2 screws for each machine head. The EPI usually followed suit. This grover 102c is what I put on my old Martin acoustics and simalar guitars. I would not use these.
I looked briefly at a picture of the Ibanez AS73 Artcore, and it appears the tuners look nearly exactly alike. I have no reason to believe they would not work.
I replaced my Gibson SG Custom tuners with no problem. They tune better and weigh more to give you more sustain. I also added an American made Bigsby to add even more weight. Sounds perfect with the original 490 pickups.
just one
Thus is the best speaker you can ever buy, great for karaoke or whatever you throw at it..it was a little out of my price range but no regret, glad I bought them
They require an amp and use speakon connectors
It will drive them in a two channel mode, but it is not the adequate type of amp needed for this type of speaker. You are combining a commercial speaker with a home theater amp. I would go instead with a pair of tower speakers if you already have the amp.
Your receiver should work fine in almost any environment. These speakers highly efficient bass reflex design.
The Speaker does not plug into the wall electric outlet because it has no amplifer in the cabinet to power. The power that produces the sound comes from the Hi-Fi Reciever (or seperate Hi-Fi amplifier for component Hi-Fi electronics). The electronic units that produce the electrical signal containing the music do plug into the wall. It is their electrical need that must match the electricity in the wall. If you measure the electrical signal coming from the reciever and entering the JRX115 it will vary from very low Volts and very few Watts (quantity of electricity, not Volts) for quiet sounds, no Voltage for no sound, and probably less than 100 Volts and up to 100 Watts for mind-bending and ear ruining loud sounds.
No....I paid About $220 x2 for a pair. My original thought was it was a pair but no, the cost is per speaker not a pair....The speakers though....The set a pair of these for under $450 is well worth it....these speakers can handle anything you can throw at them....everything you can push on them.....The speakers were just great....they sound great at low or high range in terms of power and volume....I wish the price was for the pair but I found out that it was just one, so for a pair you are looking at $420-450-ish for a pair. Well worth the pricetag though. They can handle large and small venues and indoor or outdoor....I run mine on a QSA X3 amp that I run mine off of...work great....
We use them as floor monitors or small venue mounting on stands. I think you could arrange some sort of a mounting arrangement!
Sorry this is not offered via Prime.
JBL LIMITED WARRANTY The JBL Warranty on professional loudspeaker products (except for enclosures) remains in effect for five years from the date of the first consumer purchase. JBL amplifiers are warranted for three years from the date of the original purchase. Enclosures and all other JBL products are warranted for two years from the date of the original purchase. Your JBL Warranty protects the original owner and all subsequent owners as long as: A.) Your JBL product has been purchased in the Continental United States, Hawaii or Alaska. (This Warranty does not apply to JBL products purchased elsewhere except for purchases by military outlets. Other purchasers should contact the local JBL distributor for warranty information.) and B.) The original dated bill of sale is presented whenever warranty service is required. Except as specified below, your JBL Warranty covers all defects in material and workmanship. The following are not covered: Damage caused by accident, misuse, abuse, product modification or neglect; damage occurring during shipment; damage resulting from failure to follow instructions contained in your Instruction Manual; damage resulting from the performance of repairs by someone not authorized by JBL; claims based upon any misrepresentations by the seller; any JBL product on which the serial number has been defaced, modified or removed. JBL will pay all labor and material expenses for all repairs covered by this warranty
Phantom power is a power supply used to power condenser mics. The standanrd voltage on phantom power is 48v, but some mics may vary.
No USB It also requires phantom power
Yep. standard XLR cable for both mics
no. It also feeds back like crazy..
"Would I be able to connect it directly or would I need additional equipment?" You may not want a mixer, it depends on what you own already. Basically to connect a condenser mic like this to your PC via USB (and you probably do not want to use direct sound from typical audio in on PCs or Macs) is an audio interface, and for microphones you want it compatible with the powered Low-Z, which can be done combined or separate. If you went completely modular, you could buy the mic (I assume you mean this): http://www.amazon.com/MXL-990-Condenser-Microphone-Shockmount/dp/B0002GIRP2/ref=sr_1_1?s=musical-instruments&ie=UTF8&qid=1311988135&sr=1-1 Then for its phantom power: http://www.amazon.com/Nady-SMPS-1X-Phantom-Power-Supply/dp/B000XUUXB8/ref=sr_1_1?s=musical-instruments&ie=UTF8&qid=1311987341&sr=1-1 And then an audio interface ranging from this very nice option: http://www.amazon.com/Lexicon-Alpha-Desktop-Recording-Studio/dp/B000HVXMNE/ref=pd_cp_MI_1 Or this: http://www.amazon.com/M-Audio-Fast-Track-USB-Interface/dp/B002QZ402Q/ref=pd_cp_MI_2 and at about that price you might be able to find one that eliminates the need for the separate "phantom" power. All tolled, I think having the Nady power supply is a great idea, because many audio interfaces that have phantom power can only drive one mic. I think given the limits of USB, I understand why it might not be a great idea to drive more than one mic that way. I am thinking about buying one for myself as insurance, because I have a lot of audio interfaces that have the correct XLR, but power for only one, or no phantom power. I also get nervous from having so many USB devices in the first place, and I buy powered hubs to make sure I don't overly tax my PC power supply, since I have 2 video cards and a 6-core CPU. All this stuff adds up. The final option is starting from about $60 you can get a USB condenser, and then I remembered this for under $50: http://www.amazon.com/Behringer-C1U-Condenser-Microphone-Cardioid/dp/B001QXCYZY/ref=wl_it_dp_o?ie=UTF8&coliid=I23ZIM9XJG4CB1&colid=39ZK6OA4DKCO0 The downside of buying the all in one is that you can't use the USB mic in a mixer for example. For many people though, it makes a lot of sense. There is also another option for almost the same price: http://www.amazon.com/CAD-U37-Condenser-Recording-Microphone/dp/B001AIQGUO/ref=pd_cp_MI_3 But don't let the confusion intimidate you in to gambling before you know what you really need. The more info you share about your system (your PC and gear) and any other likely uses, the better advice people can offer you. Don't be afraid to share your requirements.
You need a computer interface between the MXL 990 and the MacBook Pro. There are lots of them available, but I have the ART Dual Pre, and I like it a lot. It can take both XLR and 1/4" phone plug inputs.
No, condensor microphones are needed to be powered by another source, like phantom power. There is a USB version of this product, but its more expensive
No
It depends really on the mics you're using and the mixer your using. Some mixers have switchable phantom power on each channel, so you can turn on phantom power where you need it, and turn it off where you don't need it. Others may turn on phantom power across all channels, or across a range of channels. Many microphones that don't use phantom power can ignore it, some cannot. You need to check the owners manual (or manufacturer websites) for each of the mics you're using to find out. Another solution would be to use a mic preamp which offers phantom power. Besides separating out phantom power only where you need it, a seperate mic preamp is often going to be better than the preamps used in most mixers. For home recording projects I like to use an ART Tube MP : http://www.amazon.com/ART-Tube-Studio-Mic-Preamp/dp/B0002E50MC/ (inexpensive and works well), or a Presonus TubePre http://www.amazon.com/PreSonus-TUBEPRE-Mono-Tube-Mic/dp/B0002D0KG4/ . The Presonus sounds richer to me, but the ART works pretty well and has the advantage of being really affordable. Unless you're running through a really good mixer with great built-in mic preamps, for vocals through a condenser mic, I think a separate preamp is a better way to go.
I don't own the 2006, so I can not comment on it. The 990 is a great VO MIC especially considering its price point It seems to be very clean and transparent with a fairly flat response and low self noise. T can easily be modified for an incredible upgrade--either DIY, if your so in ibex, or by a professional. Most important consideration--how it sounds in your recording space on your voice.
it comes with shockmount.
No it does not!!!!
It would work--but I don't think you will be pleased with the results, unless you have a really well treated recording area. The 990 is a great mic for vocals--it is a very sensitive large condenser mic and will pick up a lot of things you more than likely don't want in your recording. I think you would be better off with a small condenser, mic with a much tighter pick-up attern. There are several, both MXL and other great names in mice for about the same price point. Hope that helps.
I use this mic for live performan and vocals in the studio
No per unit
I like Rapco 12AWG Cable with Speakon Neutrik NL2FC ends, but they also accept 1/4 inch TR phone plugs. Definitely 12AWG though. You can get cheaper brand cables, but you will be disappointed.
1pc for the price listed
Please be more specific .
Not sure,but fully satisfied my needs.
No they do not
a pair
Yes, but i would get some subs just to fill in some low end. You can ship anything anywhere for a price. It will get pricey fast.
USA
they can be used in a house but it probably wouldn't be ideal. to get the full range out of them, they need a good amount of power. and they are also quite large so unless you got a large space in your home for them and are able to crank them, they would probably be overkill.
it will not fitYamaha isa 12 space unitthe rack is a 10 space unit
18.25" rear, 15" front...great rack for the price
It has a lid/door that removes for access and is closed by turning a knob on each side. Cords can come out of it by a recessed hole that allows passage while closed. It is a very lightweight piece of equipment. I own two and love them
If you have the 19" rack wing adapters for it, then it should fit, width-wise. The max size of the slant top is 10U (17.5"). The height of the 1204 is 13", which is just under 8U.
don't know used it for a VOCOPRO system
Holes are not spaced right. Equipment will not fit. Thanks, Don
It will not, the holes do not line up. I found out the hard way. Other than that great product. Don
yes is 19 across
I don't know. I have all voco pro equipment.
Hi Yes you are paying just for the case . The equipment is just for the picture lol.
Yes
There is thin foam padding on the ends of the pickup that come into contact with the guitar's finished surface when fixing it to the soundhole.
If you shut off the mic and keep the volume down, you should be ok. It's a Nice pickup!
It fits my Martin dxk12. Not certain of the exact measurement on it, as I don't have it at work. I would guess 3 3/4". It tightens down on and under the top with padded surfaces with a #1 phillips bolt/nut. I'm 99% certain it would fit yours. I love the pickup, for both recording and especially live settings. It helps my not so great Martin sound really good. You could always return it(?) if it doesn't strike your fancy. It is a rather expensive piece but was worth it in my experience. Hope I helped.
no
41 inches long
no
Mine measures 1 11/16". Neck is quite small.
It is heavier than I care for.....I would guess around 6 or 7 lbs. and it is not balanced as I would like so need to use a strap all the time. But.... it is a very nice 'jazz' guitar. I put flat-wounds on it and it has the sound I am looking for through my Acoustic amp. I will also mention the body seems to be made of a synthetic material but has a great finish to it. It did not come with a pick guard so I had one attached.
This just barely grips my baritone uke (the largest type), so I'd really recommend the CC01UK - which I also own. As mentioned in another answer, you could probably pad the forks of the hanger to get the right fit, but your uke would hang farther out from the wall than you might like since the CC01K is designed for deeper guitar bodies.
It will hold anything from a mandolin to a 6-string bass, depending on how you adjust the forks.
Im sure it depends on the body of your guitar. My acustic 12 string is a half inch from the wall but mt eletric bass is 2 inches from the wall.
Simply stated, yes. It provides a very secure cradle with protected brackets which should not mark the instrument. The device needs to be properly secured on the wall and preferably into a wall stud to be fail safe.
Mine came with 2 screws and 2 drywall anchors. Just gotta provide a cross tip screwdriver.
It's very nicely sanded, then varnished. I have four of these and now that I have more guitars, I'll be getting more. A great price for a very nice product.
You will have to use the appropriate brick wall type anchor which may be plastic or metal-based. I would recommend a screw/anchor combination about 1.5 inches in length to get the proper grip. here is a link to an article that may help: http://www.ehow.com/how_5817520_drill-anchors-brick-wall.html
Yes, most likely. If the gun is hung by the stock. Or you could maybe also use two mounts and have the gun hang horizontal.
So far so good. in my research I have not heard of any such problems, including discussions on the Unofficial Martin Guitar Forum. All my guitars are nitrocellulose finished and each is OK after about 2 months.
If you are referring to a J. Reynolds guitar, yes.
Tuning is great and good finishing, taking into consideration the fact that the Oscar Schmidt OU2 Concert Ukulele is not a an expensive model. However you have to remember that the concert uke is an intermediate size between the tenor (bigger) and soprano (smallest). So, for begginers it is a good choice.
I am not sure, the Brazilian Cavaquinho typically uses steel strings. You may be asking for structural trouble down the road. However it may be just fine. Essentially they seem to be the same instrument, steel strings and alt tunings seem to be the essential difference. I would try it, but I like fixing broken guitars.
it has a single point. so i use martin-guitar button strap together. when you use it, you can use two-point strap. anyway, this uke-ou2 has one point stra lock on the backside (bottom side) ,
At this price point, it is most likely laminate. Laminates make perfectly good instruments. If you are a touring professional, maybe not. But for most folks it is hard to tell the difference. Hope that helps.
It fits POD HD 500. If the dimensions are the same as the 300 I guess it does .
You'll want to measure the Korg, but I think it will, though I also think it'd be a bit tight fit.
Yes it will ---
Yes, it fits! I have the ME-80, and while there's a little extra room, it fits snugly enough. The spec page at the Boss website says the ME-80 is 17.625" x 9.125" x 2.8125", which is well within the 22.5" x 11.5" x 4" dimensions of this bag. See the spec page here: http://www.bossus.com/gear/productdetails.php?ProductId=1309
Not sure. I can only speak for the Line6 XT Live, which fits quite well. If the dimensions are similar, then it will fit in this Gator bag. There should be room in the front pocket for the power cord (even if it has a transformer on in), plus an couple of instrument cables and an in-ears monitor case. At least, that's what's in mine.
I have the Roland Octopad. It fits PERFECTLY. So check the specs on that and see if it's comparable to your pedal board
Interior Dimensions Interior Length: 22.50 " Interior Width: 11.50 " Interior Height: 4.00 "
If the dimensions of the SA-76 are 22.5" x 11.5" x 4" or smaller, it should fit. The inside of the Gator Case is just a large padded rectangular space.
I don't know the dimensions of the RP1000. It fits the Line 6 POD HD 500X tightly, but perfectly. You can compare the dimensions of your RP100 to the dimensions of the POD from the Line 6 website for a better idea.
I did not secure pedals to the bag. I put a podhd500 inside the bag. I guess you could use Velcro to put pedals inside the bag.
No idea but the case is worth buying. Very durable.
furry,the same as fender cases.SKB made fenter cases till 2014 Fender switched to gator cases that are not as nice.
I don't know but suggest you contact SKB. Their customer service is excellent.
Yes ,it fits a tele. I'm not sure what Fender is using currently, but they used to use the previous version of this (pre-TSA) for regular strats and teles.
Fits Fender Tele or Strat only.
It will fit on a strat body. As a matter of fact, any guitar which has the generic shape of a strat such as Ibanez RG, ESP MII, Jackson Dinky/Soloist etc. will fit into this case without a problem.
There is only one pick per package. You will need to order 4 packages if you need 4 picks.
I never received one.
As far as I know, Alaska Piks doesn't make a thumb pick, but there are many sold here.
Large is 3/4 inch. Don't know about medium.
Raul- I only kept the large size; it measures 9/16" inside diameter
yes, I'd assume the average player could get one on the thumb, index fine but forget about the smaller size it's like a torture device strangling and digging into your finger. If you like fingerpicks you might like these, but I give up... all fingerpicks feel like crutches on my fingers so I'm going to try the glue on fingernails like classical guitarists sometimes resort to. You might have to buy two sets to have a comfortable situation happening if you like them at all. Well I just dug mine out and put them on again... the large one is the only one that feels comfortable to me.
This is a beautiful instrument. It comes in a hardshell case, very nice. You're gonna love this instrument. Beautiful tone, slide works well, very tight. Not a lot of padding in the case, but the harp doesn't rattle around in it. So it is well protected. Good luck with it. Hope to meet you at a gig somewhere.
The comb is black ABS plastic. The reeds and reed plate are brass.
Yes it is made in Germany.
Yes, but you'll need to stretch it a little bit to get over the body and not just the mics
Yes, but it takes some effort to get it on. I posted a picture that should go live on the product page soon.
Not sure what h2n zoom is. But I'm happy with mine.
The foam mic shield fits perfectly round-shaped grills such as in the Shure SM58. I have not used a Samson C01U mic before but by the look of its images online, it has an elongated, rectangular shaped grill which may not be compatible with the shield's round shape. As the foam is quite cheap, it won't hurt to try it out on the C01U and if it does not fit you can still use it with your other mic's that may accept it. Good luck!
It should fit just fine on there, Geno. If anything, the slim design of the Pyle Pro may offer a little more wiggle room than the snug fit of a standard ball-type mic top.
It does for the most part, it definitely helps a ton.
Yes, it's fit 100% without any problem
The hole opening is 2" by 2". A bit big for what you are looking for.
Remove and soak in dish washing liquid rinse and let dry
yes it will fit , but not perfectly because your mic style is round , but it will work.
What you have there is a Nema 6-20P 240V appliance. Leg1+Leg2+Ground instead of Leg1+Neutral+Ground. You can't run such an appliance off 120V (unless you use a step-up transformer). The easiest and least expensive solution is probably to install a 240V circuit.
Hi Perry, How many do you need? I believe that I can cover you for no problem. Please advice! Tony 1-877-267-3711
It will function but you must keep all contacts very clean. Any oxidation will cause heat to build any will overheat the conectors. It may get hot anyway. It is a little light duty. 15 amp outlets often have 15 amp breakers. The A/C probably is less than 15 amps but it would be worthwhile to check. I am assuming it is av110v A/C unit.
This adapter will convert your 20 amp power cord to fit a conventional 110v wall plug. If the plug on your lamp is a standard three prong, then you don't need this. If one of the prongs is turned sideways, indicating a 20 amp requirement, then this will be what you need. Unless, in the unlikely event that you already have a 20 amp wall socket!
15 Feet
Doesn't fit in my nylon string classical, the hole is too small
I can't say for sure. I bought one for my Big Baby Taylor and it fits perfectly.
Hi Jeremy, I installed the Dean Markley in a friends guatar that has a 3 7/8" sound hole. I am sure it will fit nicely in a 3 5/8" hole. Deral N.
I have used it in my Alavrez and Takimani guitars and it fits very well
4.15 x 1.57 x 0.6 inches. Should fit most acoustics.
The guitar arrived in the Takamine case.
Black with a velvet finish
Here is what I found in an Internet search... Mike Markure Post subject: PostPosted: Mon Nov 05, 2007 5:03 am Offline Joined: Mon Oct 29, 2007 9:48 am Posts: 572 Location: Bloomfield Ct. A while back (8 years) Takamine started a program called SoundChoice. The SoundChoice program was about the end user being able to choose the preamp they wanted from four different units. CT4B, DSP, Accuracoustic and N4B. The preamp would be selected and installed at the dealer. The "X" designation meant that the guitar was sent from the factory with no preamp installed. What it had was what we called the SoundChoice plate which was a preamp hole cover with the connecting jacks attached to facilitate plugging in without a preamp. It was an interesting idea in that the guitar buyer could choose a model guitar that suited them and then audition the four preamps by plugging into the SoundChoice display at the dealer. Then the buyer could select the preamp that hit the ear best, have it installed and off ya go. The EF341SCX that you bought was most likely a refugee from that program with a CT4B preamp installed at our facility when the program ceased. ----- Here is the URL: http://www.takamineforum.com/forum3/viewtopic.php?p=618
D'Addario EXP16 Coated Phosphor Bronze Acoustic Guitar Strings, Light, 12-53. The Takamine website recommends the same strings and it sounds amazing. I changed the strings immediately just to make sure that I was using a new set but think they should be brand new. Inside the guitar case, there is a small hatch that has the tags from the original string box along with a strap for the case and some warranty papers. I play ~1 hour everyday and they last for about 2-3 months but I change them every 3 months. Hope this helps.
The Legacy series is a collection of Takamine guitars that have been made in Japan for a number of years. Price wise it would fit in between the Pro Series 3 and 4. There are seven lines of Pro Series guitars under their naming system. Nothing has changed with the EF341SC. It is just a long running production model that has been retained over the years because it is popular. If Amazon were to keep up with Takamine's current model naming system the EF341SC would be titled Legacy Series because it is not in their newer Pro Series lineup. It is however made in their Pro Series shop in Japan.
I don't really know. Anyway I can say you that mine has its case, but unfortunately it's so big and so weight that I must buy another one in plastic or I don't know of what other material, very more confortable and light also if I know how much beautiful is the original case. I haven't so much space, but I didn't dare to put it again in its pakatage and bring it in the garage, so I put it on the top of the forniture of my secretaire: in this way I can see it, but surely I'll never use it.
Yes, the guitar I purchased from Amazon last year came with a brown Takamine GC200 hard case. The GC200 cases also seem to sell separately for around $140 with a retail of $200. I can't say if other sellers include the hard case.
Yes, it has an internal tuner that works wonderfully.
The label on the inside of mine says Made in Japan. This is an excellent guitar.
I cannot comment as it did not fit the guitar I had purchased it for. I have since given the device away
Fits my epiphone and alverez guitars but I have an old takamine that it is too big for.
standard guitar.
Neither is better; they're two different body shapes. It's whatever you prefer. The S34C is a cutaway design, which is a bit smaller and easier to play. The S35 is a dreadnaught body shape and has a richer, fuller tone.
Jasmine doesn't sell a case for this, but when I ordered my Jasmine s34c, i also ordered the Guardian CG-020-D Hardshell Case, and it fits nicely!
Steel.
My experience was that the guitar is playable out of the box, but can be set-up even better. If yours arrives with rusty strings, when you replace them, take a very fine sandpaper and buff the frets and oil the fretboard with lemon oil. I hope this is helpful, good luck!
No, I believe Jasmine is now a separate company who like Takamine is owned by kmc music.
No. But it is not as big as a dreadnought guitar. Its closest to the 'Grand concert' shape. In my opinion, it is a good balance of warm tone, volume and articulation. This plays good for both picking and chord playing.
The back is flat, the sides are as shown in the picture.
This particular Jasmine doesn't freature a built-in pickup. To amplify you'd have to purchase an acoustic pick-up such as a Seymour Duncan Woody HC. I've used a Jasmine/Seymore Duncan combo to record with and it sounds awesome!
Jasmine S34 have metal strigns. It's an acoustic guitar.
I really don't know, I changed the strings as soon as I got the guitar, suggest you do same, choosing some strings and brands you favor
It's short not longer than 4 feet
I changed mine to a 10 degree led bulb for a narrow beam
These could very well work for that. This comes with a 150W flood bulb that will provide a lot of light coverage at that distance at a decent brightness. These lights are usually used in multiple sets to make more light or have colors in front of each to provide color effects on the same area. If you were unhappy with how wide it is, and you would not like to move it, try going to Home Depot in looking for a halogen Par38 bulb that is 90W and a spot, not a flood, coverage. This will give you a much narrower beam and more brightness at that distance in a much smaller area (less overall light, but more of it in a smaller place). Ultimately, the black metal part is just a bulb holder and a cord set to plug it in, and all of the lighting brightness and how narrow or wide it is is dependent on the bulb, which can be easily swapped out since it uses a standard size lightbulb thread. Just like buying a room lamp at a store, how the light acts is all about the bulb. The casing on this bulb is black and has a gel frame spot to suggest more of a usage for performance and entertainment. But at this price, it doesn't hurt to try one and see what you think. I happen to use these at one of the performance space I oversee. They use a set of 8 of these units, with the 90W bulbs that are spots, with 4 on either side of the room pointed across the stage evenly - the throw distance being 15-25'. They are hooked up to a dimmer panel for entertainment that can be controlled by an entertainment lighting console. This is a very cheap option to get started and go from here.
They are not rated for outside. The vents would allow weather to get in to the socket. You could enclose them but the stock lamp burns very hot. I have replaced the lamp with an LED par 38 and they burn much cooler. Still not weather proof but could be containable.
Yes, works great with dimmer packs
They need a stand. Something flat that can be attached to them.
yes. it would.
If it is sitting at the base of the wall shining straight up the wall the light spread should be approximately 10 ft. Hope this helps!
Mine did
This light can be used to create that atmosphere, but you have to use it with a dimmer pack. Alone, the light is not DMX compatible. If you want to control from a DMX lighting control panel, a dimmer pack is the only way to accomplish that. Thanks.
yes
Yes
This is an extremely thin Microphone clip. I doest not fit any of my regular sized mics. It is "Euro Style" which means it won't fit your regular microphone.
All I can say is that this mic clip is super thin. Did not fit my cordless mic but it barely fit the bottom of my regular corded mic.
There is no owners manual. There might be instructions on the back in English as to how to attach it to a mic stand, but it is very simple, you just screw the bottom onto the stand, adjust the phillips head screw (I think that's what is on the side) if needed, insert your mic and you're ready to go. Should take no more than 2 minutes tops.
No user guide, BUT, it is extremely easy to use. Just twist on top of your mic stand and you're ready to go.
Yes! That's the microphone brand I have and they work well.
This might be a bit thick for that...I use it to clean off the outside of my flute, which is rose gold plated. It would probably absorb enough to work, I'm just not sure if it is thin enough to get through the whole flute. I can recommend an awesome product for cleaning the inside of your flute & it doesn't require a metal rod, but it's not sold on Amazon. If you're interested, email me @ crazyflutist0804@gmail.com
12 inches by 12 inches.
No, it works without polish. I used it to wipe strings after I finished playing, the cloth is a nice sturdy material and you'd have to be pretty rough to rip it on the strings.
I am using this for my guitar; You can also use for Violin.
I'm not sure i was using.the cloth for sweat on.a guitar and it worked.good for that
my guitar has a beautiful finish that I'm very protective of, I've had no problems. But it is more of a car-like clearcoat type finish; not sure how it would handle more of a matted/enamel type finish if that's what your piano has.
3/4" wide, about 56" long.
Just one with the end tie off string that's only needed for some applications. At least that's what I ordered &#128077;
The string provided in the single-holed side of the leather strap ties around the neck, on the "tuning peg side" of the nut. The leather strip has multiple holes cut for adjustment on the opposite end. Choose the hole closest to the end of the strap and push it on to the strap peg that's down by your tailpeice (which the A4 should have). There you go, change holes or adjust your string to line the mando wherever you find most comfortable.
I purchased this as a gift, so I can only assume it works fine. Sorry I can't be more help.
It's pretty light. The Sennheiser site says it weights 140g if you need to double check. http://en-us.sennheiser.com/e-609-silver
I use for guitar only......the cable connection is is slightly loose...I tape the cable to the mic...it is the same with all cables. ..does does sound good...
On an acoustic guitar amp great, on the guitar itself, no good at all. Actually horrible.
Jonathan, here is some information that might help 320W @ 8 Ohms 480W @ 4 Ohms 700W or 480W Amp Only: " speaker output jacks. Impedances Lower than 4 Ohms should not be used. Higher impedances such as 8 Ohms, 16 Ohms, or No Load are acceptable. One 4 Ohm, one 8 Ohm, or two 8 Ohm cabinets are okay. One 4 Ohm and one 8 Ohm together is not recommended. The internal speakers equal an 8 Ohm load. No damage will result from operating the amplifier with the speakers disconnected.
You should be able to. The 700rb 320watts at 8ohms while the cab is 450watts at 8ohms. Just don't crank it. It will be plenty loud any where before the 1 o' clock range.
The direct out is a balanced send intended for recording or to send signal to the PA mixer. Typically where an engineer/user would EQ the bass volume on the mixing board (not the bass amp)and tone to match the PA setup which would presumably be a full range system with a crossover where he could send any frequencies at a certain Q point to the subs (You do not want to send low frequencies to the horns). Using the DI will not send any power to the PA speaker you intend to use, simply send signal. If you are using a powered speaker then yes you can do this, but once again you are not going to get optimal bass guitar tone running this setup. Hope it helps!
I wouldn't suggest it. The horn and speaker config in a PA speaker is not designed to work well with a bass amp. Your tone wont be very good. If you decide to go down this path it needs to be able to handle 480 Watts
This Amp will put out 480 watts RMS power on a 4 Ohm cabinet load. It is possible that the amplifier could blow the speakers that were used but there are MANY more factors that could cause this to happen. Thanks Kam.
One 4 Ohm and one 8 Ohm together is not recommended.
This is actually not designed to be used in that fashion and I would be unable to tell you how that might be done.
I've had people ask about using bass heads connecting to a PA speaker for bass gigs, but this is the other way?? I think the "growl" from head will taint the sound output. Also you should watch out for the amount of heat it will be generating running consistent full range at high volume which I don't think these are made for to handle.
This fits all Boss pedals, as well as 99.99% of other pedals.
This is just a daisy chain. What goes in comes out. If source adapter is center -, then all output will also be center -. I also have the 1 Spot 9 volt, it is center -. I have 2 Boss pedals amongnst other brands on my board all center -. I started with this http://www.amazon.com/Visual-Sound-Spot-Combo-Pack/dp/B000RNB720 Im not sure what power source you have but this is only an extention. Be careful of grabbing any power supply around the house. Many are unregulated, center +, or even AC.
No, not the correct power source for Line 6. Most Line 6 pod type effects require AC power. This is for DC.
I do not see why not. Just daisy chains a number of devices if you have a transformer that is powerful enough to drive more than one connection. I don't have the specifics of what you're hooking up other than the Korg. I take it you're trying to connect a number of devices with this cord and an existing transformer. On the transformer you should have the amperage. If I was hooking up multiple devices I would worry more about that aspect. Each device will draw power and the transformer needs to be powerful enough.
Yes
I'm not quite sure what you mean by a 150 milli amp plug, but I'll give it a shot. This physically fits most standard guitar/bass stomp boxes. It is quite capable of supplying more than 150 milli amps of current. If your device requires a non-standard plug size, you will have to find an adapter to make it fit properly.
The more you have plugged in the more noise you'll get through the chain. I would recommend a dedicated power supply like the Voodoo.
About 1 foot.
It does not come with a power supply, but one end of the cable plugs in to a standard 9 volt power supply cable.
I use it with a 1Spot. As it can drive up to 5 devices I'd check to see if a 'normal ' 9v cs n hsndle it. (Compare specs/output)
Ryan: Here's a natural dorsal view... Oliver http://www.ebay.com/itm/Epiphone-Wildkat-Semi-Hollowbody-Electric-Guitar-Antique-Natural-/161229638345?pt=Guitar&hash=item258a090ac9
Yes, but setups can be a personal taste as well. Mine was fine, the intonation was fair to good but the action was a little higher than I prefer so I did some adjustments to make mine feel the way I like it. Other's may like theirs the way it's delivered fine, but almost every Epiphone gets setup before shipping...now whether it was done by a monkey or a luthier is the real question
The difference is that the Royale has pearl white finish and gold binding-hardware. The electronics are the same. Great guitar for its value.
NO mines maple --but it still plays fine--its neck is not like a les paul but its close !
Well built haven't had any issues what so ever sounds great for the price hope this helps
E-1st Silvered Steel, inch .0115, MM0.29 / B-2nd Silvered Steel, inch .014 MM 0.36 / G-3rd Compound Wound, inch .023 MM 0.58 / D-4th Compound Wound, inch .028 MM 0.71 / A 5th Compound Wound, inch .038 MM 0.97 / E-6th Compound Wound, inch .047 MM 1.19
I like these strings -- they sound great compared to other sets I have purchased. I would definitely recommend them.
Yes
Excellent strings, hold tune very well after a few days of playing.
Ball end. You can use them on most, if not all, steel string acoustic guitars
They are all silver-colored. The first two are silvered steel and the last four are compound wound.
I bought it as a gift and he put a warlock in it. I asked him an he thinks it should.
Hey, John! Yes it will absolutely fit a Mockingbird guitar. Thanks! The Music Farm 330-546-7076
It fit my Warlock Ice nice. It should say in the specs or you can search Iron Bird 1 case.
Hey, Nelson! Unfortunately, this will not fit the V models. We and BC Rich are currently sold out of any hardshell case that will fit the V shape. We do have gigbags, though! Give us a ring! 330-546-7076
Yes - this will fit the warbeast shape.. Thanks!
Unfortunately, this case will not fit a stealth guitar. BC Rich is out of any case that will fit the stealth shape right now.
Hello there! Yes, the eagle shape will fit in this case.
I have an acoustic mockingbird and yes it fits. The acoustic model is supposed to be same dimensions
yes
I bought mine used from a private third party, and I was lucky enough to get a case with mine, which made it a very good deal. Those cases are a good $60-70 as you probably know.
Epiphone doesn't make these guitars in a left handed version. Thank you.
The guitar is set up when you receive it. All you have to do is tune it.
These are made in China, and are made by Epiphone, under the Gibson umbrella.
This will work perfectly. As long as you are positive your mike and computer are working correctly. I use mine every time I use a microphone. Just turn up input gain until you get a little yellow on loud vocals and set output to desired level. It also will provide power to a condenser mike where a computer typically wont
no it does not connect USB you would need a audio interface to connect it to
There is a balanced XLR input, a balanced 6.5mm TRS input, and similar balanced outputs. Getting RCA out would require an adapter or two, but it's doable. I built my own, but if I hadn't, I would look at HOSA products for a balanced-to-unbalanced adapter.
This preamp is intended for a single source input, whether 1/4" jack or xlr
exactly, more signal. it worked for me.
yes it would
Comes with it
Pretty sure that any 12AX7 tube will work in it, I like Electro Harmonix.
I have been using the ART Tube as is (no upgrades) for about a year, and I love it. I use it on both voice and guitar and it really gives me more sound, and a warmer sound, to work with and shape. I have not used a high-end pre-amp before so the ART my actually be horrible in comparison but ignorance is bliss and it sounds good to me.
No, it plugs into the wall with an adapter.
This is very subjective, and also varies from one instrument to another. In general, avoid light gauge strings if your after "warm low mellow". Try D'Adario "bluegrass" strings - they sound great on some guitars, particularly for pickers.
Custom lights are in between light and extra light..... For me, they're just right... Extra lights sacrifice too much tone, but I need something pretty light for finger-picking....
Wow, lots of songs came out in the 80's. Do you know any of the words?
The lighter the string, the brighter and chirpier the tone. I use medium for rhythm, and lighter gauge for lead, single note stuff.
As with any microphone of quality, cords, and stands are not included. I use mine with a boom stand and the head tilts back perfectly. The best mic for live vocals I have ever used!
You need a XLR to USB adapter, but I don't recommend using this mic for a computer. You are better off with a Blue Yeti mic: http://www.amazon.com/Blue-Microphones-Yeti-USB-Microphone/dp/B002VA464S/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&qid=1378294788&sr=8-2&keywords=blue+yeti+usb+microphone
The one I have is a matte finish..
If you order online you get a copy of your packing slip and your account has the ability to print out a copy of your bill.
Yes
Livia, In short, the standard microphone package from Shure (the one advertised) does not come with any type of case. Though, it may be a moot point, because anything less than a hard, external metal case would not do much to protect this microphone much more than it naturally protects itself. Its hard, unmoving metal shell and tank-like weight and build (relatively) set itself apart from most any other microphone, and it has proved itself more than sturdy across the board, from personal and non personal experience. Of course, I would read into that statement and this review more than I should as a perspective buyer spending this type of money, so I will make it clear: one of the least things you have to worry about is an external case, necessarily. The microphone essentially protects itself from the standard drop or impact!
Not only will you look cool you will sound great...this Mic is amazing I would buy it again and again
This mic works with XLR cables, the big one with 3 pins. But i have to say the super 55 is way better than this one
Yes the Shure 55SHII microphone is a dynamic type mic
My thunderbird fits pretty well in here but it still has room for a bit more length. The 5 string should not be that much longer but if it is, it still has room for it. Also the space for the headstock is open enough to fit the extra tuning peg. I would say get this case if you're looking to fit your bass
My thunderbird fits snug in this case
It is strictly for a thunderbird style bass or the Nikki Sixx Blackbird bass. Hope this helps.
It fits my epi thunderbird
It's not designed for it. You could try to use it that way, but you'd be taking a chance. I wouldn't risk it personally. But it's good enough for what it is, protection for locally hauling around a T-bird. If you plan on flying with a bass, I'd recommend either investing in a true flight case for your T-bird, or get a Jazz and get an ATA case for it.
The interior of the case is specifically shaped for the T-bird. I'm not sure which is reverse or non-reverse, but every T-bird listed on Amazon would work with this case.
It works perfectly. I have an Epi Thunderbird Pro IV, and I got this case for it. Fits like a glove.
I don't know if its the newest model but I really like the headset it's not for a computer its used in live performance perfect for a drummer or keyboard player, someone that's stationary, hope that helps,randy
Yup. The mic part rotates a full 360 degrees
It works great I plan on buying more for my group
The Audio-Technica PRO 8HEx microphone connects like, and behaves like, any other dynamic microphone that is connected with a balanced cable and terminated in an XLR plug. If you read my review, you would have seen, "The Pro 8HEx is a balanced mic, but does NOT use so-called "phantom power". However, according to Audio-Technica tech support, it would not be damaged if connected to a mic preamp that has phantom power." Regarding the XLR plug, if your Behringer preamp accepts other microphones with XLR plugs, then it will also accept this one.
3 pin XLR
I don't know, I just use this model.
No, it is a wired mic. A good one.
I use this headset, and it has a 3 prong plug that connects to your audio equipment, which is typically going to be found on a professional piece of stereo equipment. I do not think you will have the right connection for a radio/dvd player. I use mine to teach spinning classes and it plugs into a mixer that has 5 channels.
No. This is a corded mike NOT cordless. You would need a different set up if you wanted to be wireless. And no mic ever goes straight to a speaker, it needs to be plugged into some form of amplifier.
We cannot send a photo in this way. If you email me directly, I can send you a photo and take care of the connector question. Chris Carfagno. The sound professionals
Richard, Congrats on the purchase, I know you might be a little angry at the moment due to the (lack of) performance of the instrument. Don't sweat it, with a little patience you can make this cheapie mandolin sound pretty darn good. By design these mandolins don't come setup right out of the box - thats probably why they are so cheap. It's tough to say without actually seeing and hearing the problem, but based on your description (thumping, dead, kind of plucky top G) I would have to assume something is wrong with the nut, bridge, or tailpiece. The nut is the white (in your case plastic) piece where the headstock meets the fretboard. Check out the grooves in which the strings sit - if the offending string seems higher or deeper in a groove, thats your problem. If it sits too high (which is what I suspect) take a very thin file, the thickness of the string if you have it, and incrementally remove material from the groove until the string rings true. If it sits too low, you'll need to add material, which can be tricky. I've never done it personally, but I believe if you make a mix of plastic (file shavings - powder) and superglue, it should act as a quick fix to fill the nut, then file it down as needed. If thats not the case, look at the bridge - make sure the strings are in the precut designated grooves of the bridge, and the bridge height is uniform across all of the strings, the bridge is not angled, and lies straight across the top. Lastly, just take the metal tailpiece off and try playing. Sometimes the metal of the tailpiece actually touches the strings and makes them buzz - or worse mutes them. Some mandolinists just chuck the tailpiece, but I prefer to add a piece of cloth or leather where the strings meet the metal. Regardless of the issue, I recommend switching out the Rouge stock strings. I use these on all my mandolins: http://www.amazon.com/DAddario-J74-Mandolin-Strings-Phosphor/dp/B000EEHMXA But strings are a matter of personal preference, so take that with a grain of salt As you might be able to infer, a lot can go wrong with a mandolin setup, such is the curse of floating bridge instruments. If you find yourself stuck down in the weeds, Rob Meldrum put together a free ebook. Just email him asking about mandolin setup and he'll send it to you for free: rob.meldrum@gmail.com If you aren't comfortable toying with the setup, or just don't have the time, go to your local music shop and ask for a setup. They should be able to take care of all of this for you for about $40ish bucks Shoot me another note if you have further questions, this stuff can get a little confusing. Good luck, Matt
No, I would never take the pick guard off of this mandolin. Without it, picking would wear through the wood. I still play this mandolin untill this day, and I actually never have problems with it. I was being critical when I said it buzzes when I strum hard.
China
My husband is right handed so I think it is likely for that.. Maybe you could stop by your local music store and inquire if they can re-set it and restring it to be for left handed?? Good luck!!
There is a pin on the bottom to attach a strap but you would need narrow leather strip or something like a shoelace for the upper end.
A reviewer with more experience than I recommended new strings, and they were only $5, so I bought them. The strings that came with it sound OK. I would not buy an A style again. I know the A is cheaper, but the F style, with the horns that you can rest on your leg while you are playing, and that you can easily tie a strap to, is what real professionals use. I spend Half my time trying to balance the A style. It's like trying to balance a cup with a curved bottom. The body has pretty good workmanship for a $60 product. It's all wood.
No, they are there to protect the finish.
I used a bit of glue on the bolt.
Mike, This is a standard size A style mandolin, so it should fit most (if not all) cases you find online. I do not know a specific brand to suggest, but I can provide you with the dimensions of the instrument if that helps. Just message me if you need the specs. Honestly, I would be confident in buying an "A" style mandolin case off of Amazon just assuming it will work.
it is a good quality. I love it.
I can't promise you anything, but it should have no problem fitting on your epiphone.
Probably. It's the same company so I don't see why not
Don't know, but they are very very close to the ones that came original on a '74 Gibson J-50 Deluxe.
Yes
Yes, they will...!!
Gibson Gear PMMH-010 are nickel-Gibson Gear PMMH-020 are gold. hope this helps
No
No
I believe they will...yes!
They have the nice greenish vintage color to them
No, this is only a controller. You need to connect it to a computer with music/instrument software or a MIDI-compatible instrument (like a synthesizer).
Not at all. Most of the sound effects and things that you would eventually want will be available through software on your computer. Just note that this keyboard itself won't emit sound. Just MIDI commands. The sound will come from your computer.
No. the keyboard is a controller. It has no sounds of it's own. Therefore there is no audio out plug. Only midi out. The audio out will come from the laptop, desktop or iPhone/iPod/iPad that you connect the board to. That computer (or other) must have the instrument software. You will also need headphones and or speakers.
The keybed (the part with the white and black keys) is 33 inches wide, while the entire case is closer to 39 inches wide.
Hi Edmond! Yes! you can do it, but you should have an app (in the Ipad) to do it. Best Pedro
Semi-weighted with springs.
Yeah Its included
None. The power is provided through the USB cable. Connections to keyboard amount to USB cable, optional sustain pedal, and optional MIDI cable.
It should because my laptop runs Windows 8 and I run the included software with no problems.
The software most likely already resides on your computer, and definitely if it is an Apple. The basic MIDI software can be enhanced by a great number of software packages, providing features and sound samples. The software for PC's that comes with the product may not suit you as well as others. Get to know how MIDI works and you will soon be getting the hang of it.
Yes, it fits the sound hole on a standard body, dreadnaught, and jumbo size from most makers. If it doesn't fit tightly but covers the sound hole, it will still help. If it is a little bigger than the sound hole you can slid one of the tabs in and either trim the other tab or let it sit on top of the face. Even without a perfect fit it is better to keep the right humidity level inside the body than let the body dry out.
Of course, it will stay in the hole until you remove it, but the moisture will only help the body of the guitar from the inside obviously, whereas if it is in the case, the humidifier lets a small amount of moisture escape into the case to benefit the whole instrument.
Yea, you can just pull it off. I have it removed on all of mine and have done so for 20 years. It's easier to pull in and out that way.
I know they make at least 2 sizes, measure the diameter of the hole with a ruler or tape measure (distance from one side to the other) and then make sure you read the description of the humidifier to make sure you are choosing the right one.
It's a "humidifier" for adding moisture to the wood, not the other way around. I redo mine every week and make sure that the water from around the plastic wiped off, and excess is squeezed out. My TAK is hanging on the wall, but some people keep them in the cases. Not a big issue.
Hi David, this unit is as quiet as any EQ when putting it next to speakers. It shouldn't be a problem. As always, it depends on where it is and what kind of speaker, but under normal circumstances it wouldn't be a problem, assuming you're using the right cables etc... The 231 is a great eq, and this one that we're selling used works perfectly. The difference between the 231 and 231s is mostly cosmetic. We've compared them sonically and can't hear a difference. If you look at DBX's announcement of the S range from a couple years back, they don't point out any differences between the 231 and 231s, outside of cosmetics. If you buy this and it doesn't work in your application, we are easy to work with on returns.
Yes it's much much better
I would not recommend hooking up any EQ to any A/V Receiver. This could result in distortions in the signal processing features, ( ProLogic, Jazz, Concert,etc. ), of these modern receivers. This has the potential of damaging the high frequency speakers with some EQ settings. There is no problem using an EQ with a 2 channel receiver, if the EQ settings are not too extreme.
Stereo. So I can replicate my EQ settings for the Left and Right channels of a stereo playback setup. I have a DBX 231 on my main home theater rig and also on my secondary computer rig.
http://imgur.com/a/WRgy7
Yes, the little mic stand that goes with the mic. I don't have the mic shown in this picture. I have the Yeti mic that looks like a rocket with its own stand. "The Pop" does not fit well on it. I never use it and use a thick old wool sock instead!!
You can attach it to any microphone.
I used the Campro Blue Yeti shock mount.
No, it's only available in silver. Thanks Howard.
yes it does, it's what I have actually. I think it's probably the only one that could actually fit into it as it actually fits in where it is supposed to screw in.
Very good question. I don't believe it's that noticible with or without if you have a really good quality mic. However I have the 200 dollar blue yeti so I can say it does improve overall quality
I'm sure a regular pop filter will serve you well, but the pop is very nice and versatile and it helps keep those aggressive clients off the mic.
I bought the blue universal pop filter and it works like a dream, its not that expensive and its made by blue.
From the YouTube reviews i have watched, it works better with the Snowball than with the Yeti.
Amazon offers a case to fit for $87
There's always a chance I guess, but it's securely held in a thick, sturdy Epiphone cardboard box fitted to the particular model. I have had two Epiphone bass guitars shipped in similar packaging (one internationally) and both were in perfect condition on arrival.
I ordered this bass for a friend. He lowered the action at the bridge and adjusted the intonation slightly. I have never seen a guitar that was perfectly set up out of the box. In my opinion, this guitar was set up as good as most new guitars.
Yes it does Joshua. Thanks.
It does have a bit of dive but it was pretty easy to get used to.
the bass is made in korea.
boomy, mellow, no highs, very specific sound not to be used as an all around bass. very smooth, great for country, blues, even bluegrass, just no bite or fender sound at all. use with ampeg amp. or straight into board, very quiet.
Ball ends.
Yes the high strings are steel however the low strings are nickleplated steel as it adds to a more bassier tone. Hope that helped :)
yes they sound very good on a dreadnought, they are very sturdy and have a unique sound.
No, but DR makes colored strings.
You will need the same connector on the wireless trasmitted but the wireless receiver will need the same frequencies as the portable transmitter.
Yes, it does
No
Yes, though the adapters from mini-xlr to standard xlr are rare, and expensive. It might be just as economical to buy a shure radio transmitter. It would also be more practical than running an xlr cable from the talent to the camera.
It is 4 feet.
I am not sure if they will fit. I will tell you what I believe to be the pros and cons. I am a Guitar tech, have built many custom Guitars and am a former Q.C. inspector for Guild Guitar and a Fender Gold tech. The pros. These pins are very well made. Nice inlay and the Monte Carlo pattern are great to grip to get the pin out. The brass does help the sustain. I use DR Black Beauty Acoustic strings which are a coated string and thought putting them on a Acoustic the sound would sound flat or muffled. These pins give even a coated string incredible sound.(that is the response of people who hear the guitar without me even asking). The cons. They fit a lot of guitars loosely. I had to use a quick wrap of scotch tape for them to not pop out. The slight bit of tape did not alter the sound at all. As I have read a lot of reviews about these pins you may have to do the same thing. That would be up to you. Hope I have given you some insight and was of help. Have a good one, and Rock On. Capt. Jack
The sound is a bit louder and slightly more crisp. You do,however sacrifice some of the richness to get these benefits
I dont know but i have them on a Seagull and an epiphone. They will fit about anything i guess. They do enhance the sound a lot but you will notice they are there if you rest your right hand on the bridge as I do, but now I dont even notice anymore. I would say get you a set cause they sound and look cool. I can pull mine out without plyers so thats cool too.
I was not aware there were different sizes? I have 3 sets of these for years on 3 instruments maybe 50 string changes between them and I never paid attention which pin went where, I simply one day changed strings on all 3 acoustics, and on my favorite guitar I picked the six out of the 18 that had the best coloration of the shell, but I think they are all machined the same it dosnt matter.
From my experience, they should fit any guitar which has typical bridge pins -- they aren't build for any specific make/model of guitar.
yes
Shipping is an additional $17.99. Thanks.
I am not sure what your question is regarding this item. These are bridge pins for an acoustic guitar. They go in the holes on the bridge and replace the (often) plastic pins that come with the guitar. These pins are made of brass which is the same material as most acoustic guitar strings. The hardness of the metal material allows for more sustain and a brighter tone than the plastic pins that come with most acoustics. The soft plastic often absorbs the vibration of the strings which dulls the sound. These brass pins however allow the vibration of the strings to last longer causing more sustain, and transfer more efficiently to the body of the acoustic guitar allowing for better tone. I liked the way these sounded on my Ovation which had a somewhat dull sound from the get go, but it was too bright for my Takamine which sounds pretty bright already. So make sure you know what type sound you're looking for before you buy.
No it uses a standard Shure TA4F Connector http://www.micronic.co.uk/store/item/55/4-pin-mini-xlr-connector-plug-ta4f-inline-female-socket
No
yes
You need the transmitter
yes
This is very similar to just plugging all your pedals into a power strip. That assumes you have AC adapters for each pedal. Most pedals don't come with one and some are $20 or so. I actually have a bunch of AC adapters, but this is much more convenient. It's even nicer if you use one of these with a pedal board such as the Pedaltrain which has brackets to mount this power supply. As far as a daisy chain kind of thing like the Boss or Visual Sound that lets you connect multiple pedals, those are fine up to a point. I have the Boss daisy chain and I noticed that if I connect it to my wah wah pedal, I get a loud hum when I use the pedal. It just doesn't get enough power to the pedal. So I would use the daisy chain but then plug the wah wah pedal in using an AC adapter. The voodoo is just neater and more convenient. Each output is isolated so it's not just a daisy chain. Each pedal gets its own power individually. It can still be used with a daisy chain like the Visual Sound or Boss if you have more than 8 pedals. But again, if you have AC adapters for all your pedals and a power strip, that works too.
If you are talking about total draw of all pedals, yes, but if you have a pedal that needs those current draws, then no. What pedal needs 2000ma? I don't know of any multiple output power supply that will put out that much current. Even multi-effects pedals don't need that much that I know of. It does full isolation and made my pedals sound better and reduced background noise.
i had HUGE noise problems - to the point that i actually bought a noise gate pedal (gibson SG with P90 single coils through a cranked vox AC30, several FX pedals in between, including a germanium treble boost), and this did solve my noise problems. no guarantee it'll solve yours, though.
Yes. There are specific ports (Ports 5 and 6) that can be set up using dip switches on the PP2+ that will power your DL4 with no issues. Only ports 5 and 6 will work, and you must set the dip switches to the "on" position, but it will work. Voodoo Labs has excellent support too, so if you have any concerns, I'm sure they will help you out.
bscepter is correct. From the Voodoo Lab PP2+ Manual, "Pedal Power units purchased in North America should only be powered from 120VAC. Attempting to use 220-240VAC mains directly will cause permanent damage to your Pedal Power! You must use an appropriate stepdown transformer." However, they do offer models with voltage appropriate to various regional markets, such as a 230V 50/60Hz model for Europe and Australia, as indicated here: http://www.voodoolab.com/pedalpower_2.htm (scroll down to the specs table)
You can power it on the 5th or 6th output spot, but don't forget to move the dip switch away from the normal position.
6.0" wide x 3.4" deep x 1.75" tall (152x86x45mm) Weight 2 lbs. (0.9 kg).
This supply wouldn't power all your pedals at once. It's 18v too short. You can do the 6 9v and one 18v From the Voodoo Lab site: 18V/24V - Using Custom Cables All of the outputs on the Pedal Power 2 Plus (and the original Pedal Power) are completely isolated allowing you to create different voltages. You can run effects like the current MXR Flanger by combining two 9V outputs to create a single 18V supply. By switching two outputs into 12V ACA mode, you can join them together to create a 24V output for powering numerous Electro-Harmonix stompboxes including the Deluxe Memory Man.
On any of the 9v ports, yes.
No, once plugged in, it's on. No switch to turn it off.
It sits over the strings and dampens the sound, so you can practice and it won't be so loud.
I have a full size and it fits perfectly.
I learnt with a teacher so I wouldn't really know what's best for self-study, but there are some great guides on Youtube that start from the very basics! Give it a search! Also David Finckel's Cello talks are quite interesting too - not necessarily for absolute beginners though :)
The part is not marked nor was the package that I recall. Best avenue is to contact seller. They would need to know manufacturing nation for cusstoms or government sales. dan
Yes
No, it's a little too big. For a 1/2 sized, try a Tourte cello mute.
Yes. I have used this mute on 1/2 size, 3/4 size, and full sized violins, all with excellent results.
I ordered this for my full violin. It did not work. I was extremely disappointed because I love to practice at night and needed something that would keep me from disturbing my family. I showed my instructor what I had purchased (classically/Suzuki trained person that I am taking lessons from) and they also agreed that it does not work. I ended up borrowing a mute from my instructor as a comparison. She has a solid weighted mute (very nice). Works much better. In the end, better to take advice from an expert and order what they recommend.
Dip it in a frankincense and myrrh rub and let it set. Then use it later
You simply place the mute on the bridge of the violin and it silences the strings.
Um, I dont think so. Because, as you can see in the picture, there are only 4 slots for strings.
Not sure. I would try it before buying in a regular store then you would know. Or through Amazon and if not right, then send it back. Try going to manufacturer of the item and see what they recommend. I only play a 4/4 violin full size when I get around to it
I do not think the Glaesel Violin Ultra Practice Mute will work on a Mandolin. Violin have only four strings, a Mandolin has eight, plus Mandolin Bridges are wider and have a curve that is not the same as a violin. Experiment with wooden clothes pins on the bridge or soft sponges under the strings next to the bridge. Good luck.
Yes
I did not find it to work very well. I ordered the rubber mute and did not like it. The metal mutes work better. It sits on top of the bridge of the violin and absorbs the sound so that you can practice without disturbing others.
Yes, it is sometimes referred to as a S90 - 190
Sorry, don't know. Bought this as a gift.
It is in stock. 190 Facing. Thanks,
It holds my Ibanez Destroyer just fine, so my money would be on YES. :)
yes, this would work. it is very adjustable and works wonderfully!
yes
Yeah the part of that guitar that kinks out at the bottom would probably sit in between the 2 supports on the bottom.
It should, yes. It fit all of my electric guitars, and my electric bass. You shouldn't be disappointed. Beautiful guitar by the way!
Yes it will!
You could use tap-con screws which are made especially for concrete. Pre-drill a hole the appropriate size for the screw you are going to use. The hardware store should be able to help you select make that drill bit and screw selection. If you don't have a hammer drill, borrow one. Makes it much easier. You have to remove the bottom device from the guitar holder and you might have to drill both holes a little larger to fit your screw.
Yes. I looked at the reverse side and front; there are 2-bolts and you can just swing it from right to left and then tighten them to the angle you want them. I have my Custom Shop Gretsch Jupiter Thunderbird on mine and it's brilliant.
It fits acoustic guitars. I have an electric guitar on mine. So it should hold whatever you have unless it's a pee wee Flying V.
It should. It's 20/21 inches from where the body sits to the neck support. Just make sure the body isnt thicker than 2 3/4 inches.
Yes. Source: http://tascam.com/product/dr-100mkii/specifications/ If you look at the images, this recorder has two XLR inputs on the bottom of the unit, and it also offers Phantom Power (which this version of the SM93 requires). You can also purchase the battery unit from Shure so that you can use the battery power (a AA battery) which would not require the Phantom Power. B&H Photo/Video has a microphone clip that is an excellent replacement for the weaker Shure one that comes with the SM93. Best wishes for much success, always! Ray
Yes is can. However it is designed for an XLR connection. I recommend a wireless if you like to wander around a stage or lecturn.
call Shure tech support. They are very qualified. If you have only the mic iteself, which is not the item you've asked about, I think you'll learn that the mic needs 5 VDC bias current, which the preamp provides, if you have the preamp model, which this item is. The preamp terminates in a male XLR, which itself requires phantom power. You can purchase the mic itself, without the preamp, which is designed to be used with Shure body packs. You may also find that Shure makes lav mics which work with other manufacturers, avaiable on the usual mail order supply companies, which I can't name here. You probably know which ones to which I refer.
Phantom. It's a great mic. I got 2. I use them with my Ax 10 Canon, Which has phantom & 2 xlr in's. Great hardwired interview lav mic's
The length of the entire thing is just about 54 inches. The cable on this is long enough for a body worn mike, but you will require either a wireless transmitter setup or a microphone cable. I used them for meetings when I used a mixer (Shure SCM-262 with Phantom Power output - you need Phantom power or the battery pack option to run these mics. The cameras that I use now have two inputs for balanced mics, so I moved to boundary mics (Shure MX391, omini-directional so that people do not need to wear the mics. With the SM93, you should also pick up extra lapel clips from B&H Photo Video (they have a variety of affordable clips).
The SM93 is designed to be used as a wired lav mic. The cylindrical section you see in the product photos is the pre-amplifier which provides power to the mic. The pre-amplifier does require phantom power however, so whatever camcorder or recorder you use it will have to be able to output phantom power. But no, no wireless bodypack is required unless you want to make the SM93 wireless. In which case you should be looking at a different lav mic as this one is made to be good, reliable, inexpensive and wired.
You'll find one from : zzounds.com. item # psu4ul power supply. $10
Not that I've seen, besides it would take up a lot of rack spaces, and there are other mixers designed to fit into a two space rack mount.
This unit comes with an adapter that takes an input of 120 Volts A/C at 60 Hz and 30 Watts.
Sorry for responding so late; yes the power supply is included.
I completely understand your logic I'll let me help explain. The entire dinner is 20 A maximum. Each channel can handle 10 amps each. For example you can put 10amps on channel 1 and 10amps on channel 2 but if you put any more load on channel 3 or 4 the entire dinner will be overloaded. This allows flexibility if you want more or less loads (beyond just 5amps)... Within the 20amp max total. Hope this helps.
no.
Yes
NO! I have LED Slim Pars also. No dimmer packs needed. Address the lights via the light fixtures. All dimming is done by your console. It is easy.
No, nothing that we carry Carlos. Thanks.
Yes would work good for them!
I'm not sure because my students who own these only use them for a couple month (I would guess yes, though). you should be playing chords with your fingers after a month or two. The idea is to use this to work on your right hand strumming and picking. I encourage you to then remove the chord buddy or ez chord and practice the left hand! You can do it! You most certainly can do it and quicker than you think :) good luck !!
Yes it does. The problem I have found is that the "campfire songs" that I want I cannot find. If anyone can help me with this I would greatly appreciate it.
Not if the guitar is strung traditionally for a left hand player. The highest pitches would be on the wrong side for the EZ Chord to produce the correct chord pitches.
depends on where you clamp the device on which fret the book show you wg\here to put the clamp
It Fits all Guitars.
I believe it forms "E", "A", "C", "D" and "G", basic cords you need for many songs. There is a little photo copy song book that has some country and gospel songs in it for use with the EZ Chord. You need to clip on the EZ Chord carefully so that the little tabs center on the correct strings. Its a good intro into Chords, your fingers won't hurt using it...but eventually you will see the need to start fingering the chords and toughening up your finger tips. Hope this helps and good luck learning and playing guitar.
don't know but if the strings are the same position as a regular guitar it should
It is an attachment for a guitar that allows a person to play a complete chord with one finger as far as the tv is concerned don't understand that part of the question
Mine broke when I screwed it down too tight after using it for 4 or 5 years. I played in around 8 different keys with the first 4 cord changes for each. I glued short fat wooden pegs onto the fingerings to allow for my long fingernails. Worked great!! I really miss it for that.
It doesn't come with any cables. Here's a link to what you need, an XLR to USB cable. I recommend using USB because you get the best sound that way. I've used this product loads of times. http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0050CEEIW/ref=oh_details_o04_s00_i02
Yes
No
3 pin
Use an XLR into mic with 1/4" plug going into guitar amp. If you have an XLR into into your amp, you use can useXLR to XLR (which will give you a hotter "louder" output).
Yea it does
This type of microphone requires a "pre-amp". Most mixing boards have these built in to the mic channels but since you are going direct to computer without first going through a mixer you'll need to buy a standalone preamp of some sort.
It only comes with the clip that screws to a stand. You will need to buy a separate stand.
Many mics of this type don't have an on/off switch. You're meant to control the mics from the mixer.
You must have an XLR male connection (cord or cordless cube) to operate this mic. What you see in the pic is exactly what you get. I use this for voice recording and it works perfectly.
passive, no batteries here
It does not come with a hardshell case, it does come with a decent gig bag. I hope this helps.
This is a 5 string, the picture is a 4 but what you receive if you buy this will be a 5.
This is in fact a 5 string. Amazon has the incorrect photo in their catalog. Thanks! ~The Music Farm 330-546-7076
What a personal question. The disclaimer here, of course, is that what one player loves another loathes. I can only tell you what I have found to be best for me. If I am looking for a very vibrant, sharp "new" sound I will use a medium gauge nickel-wound .45-.130. But my preference for this bass, quite surprisingly, is a set of D'Addario Black Beauties .45-.125. Set aside the fact that they look cool as hell, that's not enough to warrant the price or induce a recommendation. For my playing style (technical, melody-based with a plectrum) the fact is they reduce to almost nothing any finger noise and there is a grip to them that I have never found in non-coated strings. Hope this helps.
My Behringer B-1 is about 48mm in diameter half-way along the centre of the shaft. I have also read in comparisons that it's about the same size (as well as a similar shape) to the Neumann U87, so I guess it would be a safe bet that it will fit. It would be wise to use a different shock-mount, because the Behringer one that is supplied with the microphone is an awful design with thin elastic that gets sloppy and falls off, causing the whole structure to collapse.
I am not familer with this unit. if it has phantom power or you have a pre-amp you can use this mic. It is a condenser mic and needs to be powered.
Yes, the diaphragms in the B2 are identical to the one in the B1 model. They are Chinese mass-produced cartridges. I have no experience of the B2, but from the information I have gleaned from various sources on the internet, the two cartridges are positioned back to back within the grille. The only other difference is a switch on the B2 to enable selection between cardioid, omnidirectional or figure eight pick-up pattern.
It comes with the microphone, a foam cover and the mic "holder" that would attach to a stand (not included). Something to keep in mind (and ended up stinging me) is that the mic "holder" has a female connector, so if your mic stand also has a female connector (like mine does), you'll need to get the appropriately sized male-male converter. You can order them for pretty cheap on Amazon!
Yes it comes with shock mount and windscreen, although it's the type that fits over the microphone rather than in front of it. Not sure if the case is aluminium but it's pretty thick and tough, and looks metallic - I'm working from memory here. The shock mount is a bit lame though in that the thin elastic fatigues and the whole thing then has a tendency of falling apart.
Hello, We previously shipped to Brazil for many years but due to the high cost of Brazilian custom fees, we experienced a large volume of unclaimed/abandoned shipments and regretfully, we currently do not ship to destinations in Brazil. We would very much like to do business in Brazil and are currently researching options to enable us to resume doing so. We sure apologize for the inconvenience. Customer Service Team Beverly
The B-2 is a Dual Diaphragm mic whereas the B-1 is a Single Diaphragm mic. Both are good mics ,the B-2 being a little more sensative.Hope this helps.
its been awhile haha but yes you need an audio interface
You need a 3/8 to 5/8 mic stand adapter - here is one: http://www.ebay.com/itm/Screw-Thread-Adapter-for-Microphone-Stand-5-8-male-to-3-8-female-/161121435615?pt=US_Stands_Mounts_Holders&hash=item258395ffdf
Yes. It has 48v phantom power which is what this mic needs
It fits the champion beautifully
It fits the twin perfectly. If your amp is the same size as a Fender Twin it will fit!
Yes. I bought one and it fits beautifully
Yes it will same spec as a 65
Go to this site...http://www.amplifiercovers.com/
No that is not true... I own one it is a nice cover. Fits the twin perfectly...
No, sorry.
The dimensions are just slightly larger than a 65 reissue Fender Twin Amp. It's made to be a perfect cover for that amp and fits it well. That being said, I'm not gonna go measure it. Look at the dimensions of the amp and add about an eighth to a quarter inch all around.
Says it works for mustang and frontman amps. Didn't work on my FM25DSP. Buy with caution. Easy to return though
Yes it totally does. I believe it works with the whole rumble line.
Yes it will
It works with my Champion 110, but I can't speak specifically to the Champion 40...
I know it works great with the frontman not sure about the champion. Keep in mind this just changes from clean to distortion or should I say from channel A to channel B. Look at the fender front man and see if the setup is similar to yours.
I don't know
I'm pretty sure it will
Each one &gt; Height: 2 cm. (0.787 in.), Diameter: 1.85 cm. (0.728 in.), fits in 1/4 pot.
Yes they are.
Yes it does come with a hefty manual in various languages (English in a pamphlet apart). At first it's a bit challenging to get the effects you'd like, but with enough practice you'll eventually get the hang of it. It's a nice pedal for the price and for just general fun, but if you're a more experienced guitarist you'll probably want to buy your pedals separately. Behringer has a nice selection of inexpensive pedals that compete well with the competition. By the way, the link Eamon Doyle provides is the exact manual that comes with the unit. Good luck!
Yes, it can either output to headphones or to an amp but has no integrated speaker.
This unit is designed to be used as a guitar effect pedal so it only has a mono jack input. The output of a keyboard is higher that a guitar signal so it could distort the output signal, but having said that, I am sure that it would still work as an effect pedal but will not produce a stereo output.
Yes, you've some modes than you can tune if you want too
This device has NO drum machine. It mimics the output of brand amplifiers. It will pump up your 10 or 15 watt amp and give it a variety of 'signature' sounds.
Yes....i use a power bar to connect all my stuff nsync
It does come with the power adapter. I can't tell about the warranty of refurbished, but my guess is that usually refurbished items are backed by certain warranty.
You'll need at least another cable 1/4 (same size that you are already using for the guitar) and if you want to use it, there is an output to headphone too that you could use with no amp....
Unfortunately the V-Amp does not have an octave effect but it does have a pitch shift and whammy effect.
Yes, you can add a looper pedal in your signal chain. We recommend the TC Electronics Flashback pedal for quality sound and performance. http://www.amazon.com/TC-Electronics-FlashBack-Delay-Looper/dp/B004M9CKVM/ref=sr_1_1?m=A14L2MX88GSRVI&s=musical-instruments&ie=UTF8&qid=1402513628&sr=1-1&keywords=looper
I'm not sure the exact size. I bought this for a 96 US Made Fender Lone-Star Strat and it fit perfectly.
I can't be too sure, but it fit my American fender strat.
I think so... purchased it for my American Jazzmaster and it fits American Strat standard. and those are 10/32
The amp suits our needs very well just tbe way it is.
It is 25 watts into 8 ohms and 1-10" Fender Special Design Speaker. Hope this helps! JP
yes...
I would say, "no". Go for the Vox Valvetronix VT20+
Yes, use the RCA jacks on the front panel to play mp3's
I would say yes, unless you are in a band that wants to blare the windows out.
I'm living in townhouse and people can hear it from other rooms, very clearly. Hope that answers your question :)
Yes it does have a storage compartment, just like they have always had.
Hello, Yes, this is a G&G made case. Thanks!
My jazz bass fit with room to spare. Very nice case.
Yes. My 5 string American jazz bass fits fine
I don't have it in front of me, but I have a Marcus Miller Fender Jazz bass, and it fits nice and snug in there. http://www.musiciansfriend.com/bass/fender-marcus-miller-jazz-bass. Hope that's helpful.
Yes
My fender electric acustic guitar fits into my case like a glove but the body on my guitar is a lot thicker and wider then yours but from what I can tell it looks like yours should fit, good luck.
Fits perfectly. Go ahead.
Based on the dimensions of the Sonoran SCE it will fit. Even if you have the brand new one.
Yes, that is what we have!
I own A Sonoran-Bucket hybrid that fits in the case. I only use it for home storage, not for the road. Best thing to do is check the dimensions of the case and compare them to the dimensions of the guitar (especially length, width and depth). I hope this helps.
It does. It's a very substantial case. I'm very pleased with it.
Based on the dimensions given for the Fender CP-!00 (45 x 7 x 17) it won't fit in the Fender case I bought (099-6270-306). Contact the folks at Fender. It could be that this case will work or they have one for the Parlor guitar. Looking at mine and doing those measurements, I would say no way, it's too tight.
You can plug directly into a camera with an XLR input. The mic's power is supplied by the batteries in the unit.
Yes
I don't think so as I don't think the Sony HDR-CX210 has a XLR input. You may be able to get a XLR connector or adaptor and then this mic can be connected to a Sony HDR-CX210.
Possibly if the camera has an XLR port for audio. I'm not 100% sure though.
10ft
Yes. That is how I use it.
Yes it is XLR, male.
No it is not. Only the angle of the second tier and the overall width is adjustable. This is a drawback of the design as the height and the depth are not adjustable. You could drill new holes for the mounts to lower the height and you can saw off the arms to shorten the depth, but that is not a fun task.
I don't think so, though there is a lot of adjustment possible. I'm not using this piece of gear at the moment - it was great for two large keyboards with one atop the other. I'm using a little 25 key keyboard these days.
Yes you can. I have a launchkey 49 which is about the same size and works fine.
I have two 5 octave keyboards on mine top and bottom. One is an Edirol PCR-80 midi controller, and the other is a Yamaha PSR-500 synthesizer. They both weigh about 8 pounds and are about 42 inches long. If you bang on them like a gorilla I couldn't recommend, but otherwise I can't see it being a problem.
No.. not really. It is always the same width as the lower tier
Yes to both questions..
The legs are double X
It's an industry standard mic stand with a standard screw in top. If your mic has an industry standard screw hole in the bottom, then it will fit.
Yes, as long as you have the microphone in an upright position as opposed to a 90 degree (L shaped) position. This pedestal stand will work just fine with larger mics as long as you use common sense regarding center of gravity and weight distribution issues.
Well a little late in answering but for anyone who is wondering the same thing, the answer is Yes! I just ordered it and my Behringer C-1 Studio Condenser Microphone fits on it.
Yes, if the microphone has a standard screw type shaft.
The AT2020 mic is the very microphone I purchased this stand for. Simply unscrew and remove the 5/8"-27 to 3/8"-16 adapter that comes preinstalled and it will screw right onto the stand.
Yes, it will hold a Shure SM7b! I own a collection of mics a bit heavier than the sm7b and it holds it just fine. No issues.
I'm not positive, but it is a standard microphone setup, so I'd say it will work. I'm not familiar with that mic though. Hope this helps
Yes, I use it and am very happy with the stand and the Blue Snowball mic. With the pop filter, the entire ensemble looks snazzy.
It's a mic stand. It's got a standard 5/8 threaded mounting configuration like all mic stands. The shaft is adjustable upwards from the image of the item. If your issue is the stability of the item, the base weighs about 2 pounds, and seems quite stable, especially at the lowest height setting. It would take quite of bit of weight and a lot of leverage to tip this over IMO.
If it has a standard mic thread it should. I use mine with a boom and an Oktava without any issues.
Catches more babes than all other strings combined.
Short answer: marketing. For the real story see the Ernie Ball website, but if you trust my memory... many, many moons ago there were few guitar string makers and they pretty much made the same thing- strings that helped a guitar be heard in a Big Band environment. The Ernie Ball company was one of the first to start marketing "boutique strings" that were easier for the player to fret and to bend. Compared to other strings at the time (anybody remember Black Diamonds?) the word "slinky" pretty much described how they felt.
You're not going to damage it. Those are standard strings. I use them with all of my guitars. Trust me, you're good. If you want to ask me some questions about getting started, post your email in a response and I will happily guide you through it.
All 6 of the strings are in the pack, they just put each string into its own paper envelope for easy identification. The ball-ends aren't color-coded like D'addario. Hope this helps. :)
I have found that the Regular Slinky (yellow) is much easier to tune in Rocksmith vs the Pink Super Slinky strings. This is especially the case with the songs with alternate tuning like Drop D. The pink will often not register notes right. They are a bit harder to bend but I think easier to grab with your fingers.
Most strings will fit most scaled guitar lengths. The only thing you need be concerned about is "Intonation" and "String Height" in the changing of string gauges and different scale lengths. When you change string gauges it will require a change in string heights to accommodate the new difference in size of the string which will be a different distance from the frets. Any string will do and the Ernie Ball Regulars are an excellent choice. But, Intonation is the issue when you are dealing with any scale length. Don't want the string too forward or too back. Want it in the Sweet Spot for the best tone. So any adjustments to effect Intonation is done on the Bridge Saddle screws on most guitars and on yours, which will move that Sweet Spot forward or backward. There are sites that explain how to. Or can take it to a music place that does this type thing, which is about all of them.
Includes all 6 strings.
Works great on any electric guitar. Super thin strings easy to play. Harder to keep in tune. :)
Ernie Ball's site says good for drop D and C, but does not mention B
What I purchased was 9 11 16 26 36 46 that is the hybrid set
I wouldn't know myself, but on the listing it says this: Gauges : 12-16-25-32-42-54
Six
Hello! We set our free shipping at $20.
Catches more babes than all other strings combined.
Short answer: marketing. For the real story see the Ernie Ball website, but if you trust my memory... many, many moons ago there were few guitar string makers and they pretty much made the same thing- strings that helped a guitar be heard in a Big Band environment. The Ernie Ball company was one of the first to start marketing "boutique strings" that were easier for the player to fret and to bend. Compared to other strings at the time (anybody remember Black Diamonds?) the word "slinky" pretty much described how they felt.
You're not going to damage it. Those are standard strings. I use them with all of my guitars. Trust me, you're good. If you want to ask me some questions about getting started, post your email in a response and I will happily guide you through it.
All 6 of the strings are in the pack, they just put each string into its own paper envelope for easy identification. The ball-ends aren't color-coded like D'addario. Hope this helps. :)
I have found that the Regular Slinky (yellow) is much easier to tune in Rocksmith vs the Pink Super Slinky strings. This is especially the case with the songs with alternate tuning like Drop D. The pink will often not register notes right. They are a bit harder to bend but I think easier to grab with your fingers.
Most strings will fit most scaled guitar lengths. The only thing you need be concerned about is "Intonation" and "String Height" in the changing of string gauges and different scale lengths. When you change string gauges it will require a change in string heights to accommodate the new difference in size of the string which will be a different distance from the frets. Any string will do and the Ernie Ball Regulars are an excellent choice. But, Intonation is the issue when you are dealing with any scale length. Don't want the string too forward or too back. Want it in the Sweet Spot for the best tone. So any adjustments to effect Intonation is done on the Bridge Saddle screws on most guitars and on yours, which will move that Sweet Spot forward or backward. There are sites that explain how to. Or can take it to a music place that does this type thing, which is about all of them.
Includes all 6 strings.
Works great on any electric guitar. Super thin strings easy to play. Harder to keep in tune. :)
Ernie Ball's site says good for drop D and C, but does not mention B
What I purchased was 9 11 16 26 36 46 that is the hybrid set
No
As long as the bulb has a screw mount base you can use it in here. We used a 17 W LED bulb. They work great!
The box says 110 but I don't see a 220 on mine.
Just a power plug. Plug in, light is on. Unplug to turn off.
When I bought mine they were. This was in 2012 though but the looked like this
You could balance them on the floor, but it wouldn't be advised since they get really hot. On cement I wouldn't see any problems however.
NO, just measured it. 6 1/2 X 7 1/2 X 4 Don't forget to add a couple inches for the bracket bar
Yes.
This is a sturdy stand, but 12 lbs may be better used on a tripod where you can apply a leg to the side where the weight is.
No
What I received is just as pictured.
What are you trying to hook up? I bought the mic clip and used it.
It depends on your microphone. This stand comes with a mic holder but no microphone.
It sure should be. Unless you bought just the base (rather than the stand) it should all be a functional unit. I'd contact the vendor, as this sounds like a very screwy error.
I have short, stubby fingers, and the bass is easier for me to play than the Yamaha tenor is. I can't play the basses that you blow into to the top because my arms just aren't long enough, but I have no problem with this one. I just measured my hand span with a ruler, from the tip of my thumb to the tip of my little finger, with my hand spread, and it's 8". It seems like a little bit shorter would be ok too. Hope that helps. Good luck!
It has the c,c# split key(s). Sounds good,too.
Yes. The recorder below this, in C, is called the Great Bass.
Yamaha recorders are widely available. I'm sure if you damaged a key on your bass recorder, that any local instrument repair shop could order one. Also, I looked up the Early Music shop which sells plastic bass recorder keys, they're at http://www.earlymusicshop.com/More/RecorderRepairs.aspx. The Yamaha bass recorder is an exceptional instrument for the price. The intonation is perfect and it's quite a joy to play.
Yes, it has keys for C,B,F#, and F.
Mine did. It's vinyl, not fancy, but it has held up well.
No, it as well as the alto recorder are F instruments. The Soprano and Tenor are C instruments, different octaves. Hope this helps.
Karen: Both the YRT-304B and the YRT-304BII tenors uses the Baroque fingering system. Both are made out of ABS Resin. The differences are that the YRT-304B is for beginners and has a straight windway straight, and usually have less resistance making it easier to play while the YRT-304BII has is curved has has more resistance making harder to play. If the price is the same I would suggest that you buy the YRT-304B tenor recorder. Gerard Remillard
Not knowing how small your hands are, it's hard to say whether or not you could manage the reach on a standard tenor. My wife cannot, so we got a bent (knick) tenor with two more keys than the double key for C and C# for her. She has no trouble with this, but likes to use it with a neck strap. The instrument is a YRT-304B modified by Lazar Early Music. The neck strap arrangement is a jury-rig involving the use of a stout rubber band and a bass recorder strap. Hope this helps.
Mine has those lines, but they are short and faint. I believe it is part of the molding process.
I believe it is tuned to 440.
My hands measure almost exactly the same size as yours, and I can play this recorder. It takes some stretching and practice, but you should be able to do it.
No,the only other recorder we sell is the Adler Tenor recorder, which sells for $159.99. Thanks Lina.
Yes, it comes with a canvas, zippered pouch.
Hi Charles, yes it comes with keys and a small thumb rest. W/O keys it's impossible to play it. Happy playing!
Hello Christopher, it is 25" from tip of mouthpiece to end of the bell. You would need the hands of the average adult.
Hi. I don't use the cartridges at all, although I believe they do have songs on them. You have many sound choices and I generally choose piano chords. I sing with children with this instrument, in pre-schools. You can choose the chords and it is pretty easy, although I still need a piece of paper to tell me what to play. You can also just have fun with chords and strumming. I like it a lot! Good luck!!!
Actually, you need nothing else. I would; however, recommend buying one or more of the q chord cartridges that give you rhythym sounds for a variety of genres of music. I hope you will enjoy your q chord as much as I have mine!
Hi Stephen, Unfortunately, due to our agreement with Amazon, we cannot ship internationally. You would have to deal with us directly. As far as the power, your plugs are slightly slanted so it wouldn't work correctly. They are designed to be used in North America so you will need a power adapter to make it work. Let me know if you have any other questions! Thanks, Alex Beamer West Music Co
Sorry, I'm not sure of the answer here. There are a couple of spots to plug things into, one I'm fairly sure is for headphones. The other might be for an amplifier. However, I can't find my users manual, so I hesitate to give you a definitive answer.
The Suzuki Q-chord has a battery compartment underneath to hold 8 'C' size batteries, which will last for at least 2 hours of continuous use (enough for any event away from a power source). I usually find I have batteries saved in a cupboard for years after any such event as most times, with an extension cord handy, power is available.
Yes, you have rhythms and basslines built in with the 100 voices in the Q Chord, and for me, that is great. But, you can have an additional 30 rhythm/basslines with the Style cartridge. Styles like 16-beat, DC Pop, Disco, Motown. And when you plug your Q Chord into a stereo system with good output and speakers, it makes you look and sound GOOD. Hope that helps...
Hi, if you'll go to youtube.com and search for qchord ... there are a number of videos there, including one that is an introduction to q-chord. Also, there is some documentation that comes with the unit that will help you get started.
I do not have access to a color choice. They seem to be a deep brown.
There are many different instrument sounds for the strum plate just a few are guitar, banjo, piano, organ etc you program them in.
Matt, It's a combinations. As you see in the picture on the right side of the instrument, you slide your thumb or fingers on what looks like a grate. As you slide them it give the impression of a harp. If you tap your fingers in various places, it sounds like single strings but I don't what string name it is. The buttons on the left side are the chords, major, minor, 7th. It also come with a Melody keyboard overlay which I haven't learned as of yet. I don't know what bend notes/chords are but I have played to chords together if they were close enough. I still have a lot to learn. It does so much. I think you'll enjoy it, too.
13.5" w X 22" L X adjustable H b/t 18" - 22"
Not easily. In my experience, the knob has a lot of tension (so it's tiring to raise it or lower it a lot), and it's quite slow to raise and lower the bench. It makes more sense to adjust it before sitting down. It's not like a lot of office chairs, where it's really easy and quick to go up and down.
Firm. But not hard. Just right.
That's the maximum height- the minimum height is around 18 inches.
I don't recall the exact weight when shipped to me, but it is very sturdy, easy to adjust, and comfortable to sit on. It is heavy enough that I , at the age of 85, would not attempt to carry it to another room.
It raises to 20 1/2 inches
high-gloss
These new models are made in the ProCo plant in China. Superb units and very well made.
Unfortunately no - it runs great on a 9V battery, otherwise you need a special RPS-1 9V adapter; Pro Co makes one: http://www.amazon.com/Pro-Co-Battery-Eliminator-Supply/dp/B0002GZLYM/ref=sr_sp-atf_title_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1386789875&sr=8-1&keywords=RPS-1+9v
Yes, but you will need an adapter to fit the RAT's 3.5mm power input. It is correctly oriented in terms of tip and ring. Just look for an adapter to the 1Spot's 1/8th inch output.
Yes and it sounds pretty good but it definitely has that Rat character. I really like the Hardwire Valve Distortion for my bass.
My understanding is that the Turbo RAT is marketed for those looking for extra "output" - considering that my RAT2 has what seems to me as already having strong output, I can't imagine how much more oomph the Turbo gives. Depends on one's tastes. It could be too much. Having not played through one though, I can't give you a detailed explanation as to how the extra output differentiates the sounds between the two models. However, if you check out youtube, there are some side-by-side demonstrations as to the differences. Hope I could help!
I personally find the RAT a lot less noisy in my chain and I like the nuances I get from the filter knob and hence the different kinds of distortion I get from it. But then again I guess it's a matter of personal preference and taste. I personally would pick the RAT over the Big Muff anytime but I'm sure there are others out there who think otherwise. Also, if you play on-stage live I really appreciate the clear light on this RAT especially when it's dark on stage. It's a lot easier to change the battery too if you are not connected to a power source. I realise these are not sonic features but as I stated above I am hesitant to say one sounds better than another because it really depends on your taste. I'd recommend you try out a few candidates at the store first to figure out the sound you wanna get and go from there.
Hi Mark, Please explain what you mean by, "True Bypass". When you press on the pedal, it gives you an awesome distortion effect that you are looking for. This rat pedal is my second rat pedal. The first one was from the earlier generation. If you want distortion, then you should get it. Thanks, Dave
I received a recorder and a plastic cover with snap. The recorder is sturdy and held up well.
Are you asking how many pieces or assembly? Its just the recorder itself, put together and in a plastic case.
It's a Soprano recorder. It is the standard used in schools. I don't know if baroque, but it googled baroque soprano recorder and got the pictures on Amazon. I would purchase it. I purchased two for my twins. They are sturdy, nice colors.
Not familiar with the other model. My requirements were extremely basic - provide a flute to multiple grandchildren who were fighting over a single one and for that the 20BG was perfect!
Yes! It comes in a clear transparent case that snaps open and closed.
Yes, it comes with a handsome med brown canvas zipper pouch that contains the recorder, "joint lubricant" and the instrument cleaner. I have been very happy with the product; and so has my 87 yr old father! I think you will be satisfied with the entire package. Good luck, Kathy.
The YRS 24-B is tuned to 442, so if you want to play it with a standard 440 tuned instrument (i. e. Guitar, Piano) it sounds sharp, and terrible. The tone this produces is better also. I recommend the Aulos personally, it is slightly easier to hit the highest notes, but this is a good sounding recorder, and is in tune with other instruments at 440 MHz. I carry both this and an Aulos in my Music accessory bag. Both have a curved windway as well, which helps the tone and ease of hitting the upper register. Definitely worth it.
No this particular model is made in Japan.
Baroque recorder is the regular recorder in my opinion. They are the most popular recorder. Yes, You can play sharps and flats.
Well, it's plastic but the sound is much better than the ones they give you at school.
Yes, it is a durable recorder. It sounds a little bit better. The recorder is little shorter compared to the regular one, so that it is easier to blow better sounds for lower notes. My kid likes this better than his original one obtained from the school.
It is a deep brown (had to really think when looking at the recorder)
The T50RP model is the one you want, which should be listed as "RP-Series Damped Semi-Open Headphones." It is the only one with brass-colored adjustment bars on either side.
Hello Justin, it is planar magnetic headphones.
I got mine and I don't believe there is a warranty from this dealer, but there is the 30 day tech support they offer... The reason for that is most people who buy this headphone are going to take it apart and modify it. The planer magnetic drivers are amazing just the cup design is terrible so you won't want a warranty anyway.
I'm pretty sure that Fostex is a Japanese company, but am unsure about where the headphones are manufactured.
Im not really sure about it.But accordions are used everywhere in the world in different countries not just mexico.
Length from Bass keys to end of Treble keyboard is about 30cm. Height from bottom to top is about 31cm. Depth from back to front is about 19cm. Weight is just a bit over 5 kg (according to my kitchen scales). Dimensions are essentially the same as a Hohner Compadre or a Hohner Corona II with the weight falling just in between the two. Not a big beast, I play standing up with only one shoulder strap. Hope this helps.
I had wondered about that too. Yes. Mine came with the redesigned panther grill. It looks like the photo on Amazon. It has the four star cutouts in the corners of the chrome grille surrounding a black matte painted profile of a panther head on a background with sound slots. On the left hand side, it has the name Panther in and a crouching panther full profile. (It is not like the old models which have a plain, ribbed chrome cover.) It's a sweet box!
Yep.
This is perfect to learn.
I bought one for my honner corona and fits perfect
Right now we only have GCF. I don't know if it's wet tuned. We should be getting FBbE Panthers next month.
This is the only color these come in.
Thank you for your message. We can usually ship to any address you have listed as your Shipping Address, as long as it is selected at checkout. However, if it is an unconfirmed address, or a billing/shipping address mis-match, the system may automatically require additional information to verify the address for security purposes as a part of the checkout process. If this process completes without a problem, we will ship the item. If you encounter errors or cannot complete checkout, the system has determined that we will not be able to ship with the addresses provided.
You probably need to talk to an accordian retail/repair specialist. I am pretty sure that the reed-blocks could be turned around, bu there is also the issue of re positioning the air release button. You might also check direct with Hohner directly to see if they produce a lefty version.
No. This shelf is too thick for guitar pedals (or much of anything) to fit in 2 spaces. You'll have to leave an extra space or two empty above it. Here's a better one: http://www.proaudiostash.com/product/19-inch-racking/rack-shelves/sliding-shelves/2u-19-sliding-rack-shelf/142.shtml?utm_source=PAS+USA+R1194%2F2UK-SL+Discount&utm_campaign=PAS+USA+R1194%2F2UK-SL+Discount&utm_medium=email
It is standard rack with, so yes to 19". But I'm not sure what "2 post means". Keep in mind that even though it is a 1 ru shelf, the rack ears require 2 ru of rack rail space.
The shelf itself is only 1RU high, but the rack ears take up 2RU. So, height-wise it will fit, I just don't know the depth of your Gator Bag. That's an easy comparison of dimensions though. Good luck!
this uses a cable.
You are going to need a cord with on one side a female xlr and on the other side a 1/8" jack plug. If you can only find a cord with 1/4" jack plug you can use a reducing adapter to make it 1/8".
The mic has a male XLR connector (mic level output). It does not need a battery or phantom power. You will need an adapter to go from XLR to 1/8" mini, but it should work fine.
nope, definitely not
I put my two crash stands, ride stand, snare stand, hihat stand, music stand, tom mounts, and bass drum pedal with no problem and don't need to collapse any stands to get them in there and could probably fit a little more. Hope that answers your question.
Absolutely! When all my gear is in there I often ask a band mate "who wants to help me move the body".
It's long enough to put the cymbal stands in without having to collapse them. The diameter and size should be in the description of the product
Hey, I have 3 med. weight cymbal stands,1 hi-hat stand, throne and snare stand. Its big enough. Its heavy loaded up. It fits across the trunk of the car from end to end. I keep it at the opening of the trunk. Perfect for my rig. Later
I'm sorry but I don't know what that is...
i personaly have not tried the honey,but it is something that i would like to try....as far as the 65 lemon oil,i like it a lot after 1 day it can soak into the dryest of woods,and bring out a new life and shine.
This is a treatment for the fretboard, not the strings. There are other solutions available for cleaning and lubricating your strings.
Sure, most classical guitars have rosewood fretboards, directions say to stay away from maple fretboards only.
yes we do... when you put the items in your cart to buy, amazon calculates the shipping
Lemon oil. Do NOT use on unfinished maple fretboards. Other than that, it's a trade secret.
YES, NOT FOR MAPPLE
yes it does. aluminum if i am not mistaken. sounds good but doesn't look so good when you take off the resonator
No, Sorry.
The Epiphone website says the following "The MB-200 comes with the peace of mind you get from a Limited Lifetime Warranty backed by Gibson's famous 24/7/365 day Customer Service."
Depends on thickness of the pick. I've got different thickness and have a few of these for each guitar. The really thin ones I've got 10-12 and then for the thicker picks it holds about 5-7. This is a great product especially for the price.
yes but not as many as .70 mm picks. for me it can hold about 9 of those. for you it might hold 6 or 7 but I'm really not sure
Yes, it comes with double-sided tape on the back that you just peel and stick. I've used these for years with no ill effects on the finish. I usually stick them to the back of the headstock.
one is thinner than the other
I only got one and it doesn't hold very many picks but I have tons.
I didn't want to damage the guitar so I stuck it on a wall where I leave all my instruments by. It's the same kind of double tape that you buy at the store though so I don't think it would be too difficult to take off.
It has adhesive on the back. It would if it is a leather strap. The cloth ones the adhesive may not stick to. It is like a sticker but heavy duty sticky bottom.
Sure will!
they do, but you need to force them in order to fit. I recommend a smaller size
A 9v power supply (about $10) or batteries for power and any electric guitar connecting cable for receiving signal from guitar.
No case. It's sturdy.
Its about the size and weight of a box of kleenex. You could fit it into a backpack. It doesn't have a lot of power, though, as RickBlues648 says, so if he's practicing with other kids it may not be powerful enough. If he's just practicing alone though he'd be better off with something like the Vox ampPlug headphone amp, which is about ~$40, fits in the palm of your hand, and is meant for headphones.
It is quite small, measuring wide as the palm of my hand.
yes, great for practicing in a small area, like bedroom. My son was happy with it so far. Good battery life so far.
You need to plug the guitar into the amp... so yes, but only if your acoustic guitar has an output on it. Most do not.
Don't know. Bought it for my grand daughter and she tells me it quit working a while ago.
the one I GOT DIDNT HAVE 1..PENNY WOOD
Very small about 4 inches by 5 inches. Surprising loud for such a small amp.
No. Also the battery that comes with it works for all of 5 minutes. Buy some batteries
Catches more babes than all other strings combined.
Short answer: marketing. For the real story see the Ernie Ball website, but if you trust my memory... many, many moons ago there were few guitar string makers and they pretty much made the same thing- strings that helped a guitar be heard in a Big Band environment. The Ernie Ball company was one of the first to start marketing "boutique strings" that were easier for the player to fret and to bend. Compared to other strings at the time (anybody remember Black Diamonds?) the word "slinky" pretty much described how they felt.
You're not going to damage it. Those are standard strings. I use them with all of my guitars. Trust me, you're good. If you want to ask me some questions about getting started, post your email in a response and I will happily guide you through it.
All 6 of the strings are in the pack, they just put each string into its own paper envelope for easy identification. The ball-ends aren't color-coded like D'addario. Hope this helps. :)
I have found that the Regular Slinky (yellow) is much easier to tune in Rocksmith vs the Pink Super Slinky strings. This is especially the case with the songs with alternate tuning like Drop D. The pink will often not register notes right. They are a bit harder to bend but I think easier to grab with your fingers.
Most strings will fit most scaled guitar lengths. The only thing you need be concerned about is "Intonation" and "String Height" in the changing of string gauges and different scale lengths. When you change string gauges it will require a change in string heights to accommodate the new difference in size of the string which will be a different distance from the frets. Any string will do and the Ernie Ball Regulars are an excellent choice. But, Intonation is the issue when you are dealing with any scale length. Don't want the string too forward or too back. Want it in the Sweet Spot for the best tone. So any adjustments to effect Intonation is done on the Bridge Saddle screws on most guitars and on yours, which will move that Sweet Spot forward or backward. There are sites that explain how to. Or can take it to a music place that does this type thing, which is about all of them.
Includes all 6 strings.
Works great on any electric guitar. Super thin strings easy to play. Harder to keep in tune. :)
Ernie Ball's site says good for drop D and C, but does not mention B
What I purchased was 9 11 16 26 36 46 that is the hybrid set
Catches more babes than all other strings combined.
Short answer: marketing. For the real story see the Ernie Ball website, but if you trust my memory... many, many moons ago there were few guitar string makers and they pretty much made the same thing- strings that helped a guitar be heard in a Big Band environment. The Ernie Ball company was one of the first to start marketing "boutique strings" that were easier for the player to fret and to bend. Compared to other strings at the time (anybody remember Black Diamonds?) the word "slinky" pretty much described how they felt.
You're not going to damage it. Those are standard strings. I use them with all of my guitars. Trust me, you're good. If you want to ask me some questions about getting started, post your email in a response and I will happily guide you through it.
All 6 of the strings are in the pack, they just put each string into its own paper envelope for easy identification. The ball-ends aren't color-coded like D'addario. Hope this helps. :)
I have found that the Regular Slinky (yellow) is much easier to tune in Rocksmith vs the Pink Super Slinky strings. This is especially the case with the songs with alternate tuning like Drop D. The pink will often not register notes right. They are a bit harder to bend but I think easier to grab with your fingers.
Most strings will fit most scaled guitar lengths. The only thing you need be concerned about is "Intonation" and "String Height" in the changing of string gauges and different scale lengths. When you change string gauges it will require a change in string heights to accommodate the new difference in size of the string which will be a different distance from the frets. Any string will do and the Ernie Ball Regulars are an excellent choice. But, Intonation is the issue when you are dealing with any scale length. Don't want the string too forward or too back. Want it in the Sweet Spot for the best tone. So any adjustments to effect Intonation is done on the Bridge Saddle screws on most guitars and on yours, which will move that Sweet Spot forward or backward. There are sites that explain how to. Or can take it to a music place that does this type thing, which is about all of them.
Includes all 6 strings.
Works great on any electric guitar. Super thin strings easy to play. Harder to keep in tune. :)
Ernie Ball's site says good for drop D and C, but does not mention B
What I purchased was 9 11 16 26 36 46 that is the hybrid set
I don't know. I'd contact Echo audio sales support through their website. They're usually pretty helpful. echoaudio.com
This is a great product to record high quality audio into your computer and also play back audio through your monitors (speakers) or feed audio to your streaming software. I would check the audio requirements for your streaming software or provider.
No, reason the first pic is a pic of the actual card is so that buyers can see it, not because you need the one in the second pic.
Yes, you can you use our MiaMidi card to listen internet radio - no problem.
It comes with a standard ethernet cable...which snaps in at both ends. It would be great if it were more flexible.
Yes
yes, is compatible with this amp (spider IV of Line 6), makes easy the change of effects
It is only compatible with Line 6 amps, yes. I don't understand your second question. This pedal just moves left and right through your presets.
It should be. I have the spider 2 150 and it works. So i dont see why it wouldn't work for the 210 as long as you have the ethernet hookup in the front labeled "pedal."
It's strict to Line 6 so I wouldn't risk it
No
I'm just guessing that it should be compatible with all Line 6 products, but it's best to verify directly on the Line 6 website in their support section.
No
has worked well for me
You probably could with an adapter, but you would not be happy with the sound. I've tried direct audio into the canon cameras and it has been terrible. I run it into a zoom h4n with great results.
No it does not come with a shock mount. I ordered this one which was adequate: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00615M2CC/ref=oh_details_o09_s00_i01?ie=UTF8&psc=1
You'll need to have a good pre-amp if you buy this device. You get incredibly low signal levels without it. You could get a usb mixer, there are some reviewers who recommend some if you read on (if I remember correctly). You really don't want to buy a Zoom mic? They are nearly the same price as this mic alone. They give good sound and may provide a better work flow as you won't need cabling to connect it to a computer while recording. There is a shotgun attachment for the H5n model which is more than this mic alone but may be a bargain if you had to buy an additional pre-amp, XLR cable and USB cables for your present setup plan. If you got the H2n or H4n then your whole setup could be cheaper than this mic alone. Line + gradient pick up pattern seems a bit strange for someone doing only lectures especially if you are moving around at all you'd end up off mic if walked back and forth across a classroom or stage. You could get the Audiotechnica wired lavalier mic with the IPhone adapter and record straight to a phone in your pocket with the ZOOM App. this wouldn't give you the same quality sound but still pretty decent if you mic carefully and this would only cost you maybe $30. I hope this helps. I hope i'm not telling you anything you already know.
Jandy, you will need an XLR cable to plug into the Zoom. The microphone does not come with one, but it's great. I own two of them.
As long as the cable length is short - under 20 feet or so- you would not lose any quality.
Unfortunately this mic does not have an indicator to show if the mic is on or off, the only way to know if is on it to plug it into a receiver that indicates sound levels with sound bars.
Yes
Your Sony has XLR inputs. Just disconnect the on-camera mic and use an XLR cable to plug this in. Either mount it in place of old one, if possible, or carry separately.
Yes if has an XLR female input.
Yes they are
According to the D'Addario website, the Prelude strings have a solid steel core. The Pro-Arte synthetic core is on the Pro-Arte nylon strings, which cost roughly twice as much. See descriptions at http://www.daddariobowed.com/BowedProductDetail.Page?AxPageID=5371&Mode=0&ActiveID=4495&productid=120 and http://www.daddariobowed.com/BowedProductDetail.Page?AxPageID=5371&Mode=0&ActiveID=4495&productid=129 for further information.
No, the 4/4 set's gauges and lengths are really only appropriate for 4/4 size. But you can get the set in 3/4, 1/2 and 1/4 sizes - available on Amazon, natch. http://www.amazon.com/DAddario-J810-4M-Prelude-Strings/dp/B00030CJAG/ref=pd_sim_sbs_MI_7 , http://www.amazon.com/DAddario-J810-2M-Prelude-Strings/dp/B00030CJA6/ref=sr_1_4?s=musical-instruments&ie=UTF8&qid=1386875921&sr=1-4&keywords=D%27Addario+Prelude+Violin+string+set , http://www.amazon.com/DAddario-J810-4M-Prelude-Strings/dp/B0002D08IE/ref=sr_1_11?s=musical-instruments&ie=UTF8&qid=1386876277&sr=1-11&keywords=D%27Addario+Prelude+Violin+string+1%2F4
All four strings. E,A,D,G.
well if you zip lock them and keep then in a dry place they should still be fine. I buy bass strings buy the case and have strings for over a year. i zip lock them. hope this helps
I would recommend Medium tension when starting out. Here is a good explanation as relates to the sound of these three string gauge-tension types: http://www.johnsonstring.com/strings-gauges-tensions.htm#middle
If the string failed due to age and normal wear from usage, then replace them all since many times a new string will not match intonation with the old ones. If , however, it failed due to over tightening or a kink and the set is relatively new, then you may be okay with replacing only the one string.
Yes, they do have a ball end, but the winding is such that they will fit into your fine tuner, at least they did on my violin which has 4 fine tuners on it.
If purchased from Shar Music they certainly can be shipped to Alaska.
4 medium tension, 4/4 scale length, solid steel core Violin Set. Playing length (mm-in) 328 - 13. G - D - A - E, one each no extras.
They seem to be. We oiled them up a lot before using it, and we oil them occasionally. They don't seem to become sticky, and we don't play it all that often. It's mainly a second instrument for us. We're very pleased.
Brass
Shipping weight said 20lbs I think but it was much lighter, maybe 4-6lbs for the intrument another 1-2lbs for the case plus the mouthpiece and oil
I bought this Trumpet for my son, who tells me it works really well for a practice trumpet when he is on the road with his band yet needs to keep up on his trumpet.
It says 7C on it. C. Haugen
No, you need 2 of these if you want to process 4 different channels.
Engineered in Germany, built in China. Bart R
Yes but it is intended for band setup. You will have to order two female xlr to female rca adapt
It's a standard pro audio EQ - You can either use it inline between the Mixer and Amp ( out from mixer into EQ then out fro EQ to Amp) or as an insert on any standard mixer. the N$ has Balanced XLR output so there should be no problem inserting into your signal chain.
Yes, it is.
Yes
Home
The Behringer is great I love it. SOUNDS GREAT !!!!!!!!!!!! 2 rack
This one is fast.
No it's just a motor and will only work on a small mirror ball 4 to 8 inch
No. It only spins counter clockwise direction.
It didn't work for an 18 inch disco ball.
Hi Michelle Sorry we don't ship out of Country (USA)
Good Morning, Yes, we can ship to Canada. I believe the standard shipping price to Canada is $12.95 for this item. Please let us know if we can be of further assistance.
Visual Effects Battery Powered Disco Ball Motor for about $16 on Amazon. The batteries last for about 6 hours of continuous spinning.
I bought 3 of them and all 3 were broken and did not work, so I am not sure if a working model will work with any size ball. I wouldn't waste your money.
It requires 1 D battery which is not included. Not sure why it says "nonstandard."
No, the motor is not loud when it's running. The motor with battery weighs less than 15lbs but if you're referring to loading it with 15lbs, I definitely not recommend it coz the wire that attachment for hanging is not for heavy load. The motor has an on/off switch.
I have used it with various pro mics. The problem is not with the boom. The base is not heavy enough to counter the weight of the mic when the boom is at lower angles.
Id say around 12-14 inches tall. I used as a kick drum mic stand sometimes. We also used it to mic guitar cabs just depends in the venue equipment we bring. Base is nice and sturdy but the more outward the boom the less stable the stand
No. The arm is only 17.8 cm long.
4" when screwed into base.
The regular mic holders all fit on it, and with my calipers I get 5/8".
No, the arm length is 19cm (just the straight part). To the center of the circle is 21cm. Very sturdy.
Black
I put the entire set up into a 5 ft speaker stand bag. The long arm screws apart into two pieces that are slightly smaller than the tripod. This is one of my favorite pieces of gear.
yes, no problem it includes it's own 7 lb counterweight
It would look really strange, but would work. You will need a mic stand to camera adapter to fit the threads.
The base part extends to 6.5 feet. The boom is about 8.5 feet total, so if you're trying to determine how high you could mount a microphone, that could be 14-15 feet.
The stand has threading at the end that any mic clip will attach to. One probably came with your rode. If not, you can purchase any standard one and it will fit the stand.
148 inches to the tip top, if it's going straight up the whole way. It's huge.
Base of the stand is an equilateral triangle: Each side is 24 inches.
The Yeti is pretty light, and this thing is built like a tank. It uses a standard microphone mount, so it'll handle just about anything.
Hello, No the correct needle would be our part number 230-150. http://www.parts-express.com/pe/showdetl.cfm?Partnumber=230-150
You can find one on amazon there are several crosses for it 4111-D7C is the Pfanstiehl number for it 221D is normarh brand number for it also try ebay I haven't found the original in years. make sure witch type you have these numbers are for the conical shape tip.
main thing is to check if you needle is conical or elliptical in shape that makes the difference if it is the same body type it would fit the cartridge. My needle is conical or (cone like ) if you replace this with the other it will track scratch your records. Both body types fit the cartridge.
unfortunately, i have no idea! i am sorry!
If it fits your record player, and your record player played 45s and 78s before, then it should. I don't have 78's, but this tip is made for both.
It will play 33 and 45 rpm records, It only has a diamond tip and not a sapphire tip which is required for playing 78's.
I would think so. I personally would use spray on bed liner in a can first then apply this foam. Maybe some around the disposal? Make sure you don't cover any air inlet or exit areas on the disposal.
I don't think you would any air through this material. It is not a porous foam.
Thank you for contacting Parts Express. To follow is the Product Description: Acoustic Sound Damping Foam Specially designed acoustic foam to be used in automotive applications. Will not sponge-up water, and resists extreme temperatures. Can be used in place of open cell foam and fiberglass to reduce trunk and door panel resonance. Also helps alleviate buzzes produced by subwoofers. Sold in 18" W x 36" L x 1/4" thick non-adhesive sheets. I hope this answers your question. Kind regards, Customer Service Team
I use it to lessen the noise on a wet tumbler when polishing brass cases that I use to reload for my ammunition. In my use it cut the noise by 80%, it does not have any adhesive on the acoustic damping foam, so I use plummer glue to attach it to my 10 inches diameter PVC tubing. For your use you will have to make the call if you want to use it for your application on the back of an upright piano. You may try with some double sided tape first to see if it gut down on the sound coming out of the back, because once you use plumer glue on any surface it is hot coming off without damaging whatever it is attached too. So plumer glue is for one time permanent attachment to an item.
This was used to line the inside of pc case. I think it would be too thin for ceiling sound damping.
This would not be good for speaker insulation. Go get some ownens pink fiberglass from somewhere like home depot, I use 4" thick. The sound needs to go through the insulation to the box yet be deadened a little, this will probably deaden it too much.
Good Question , I'm thinking of ordering also but NO clue on dimensions . Seems to thin for a wall but worth a try in an Apt if I knew sizing
Acoustic Sound Damping Foam by Vertek/XTC This is a very stiff foam, not soft compressable foam & not good for absorber of acoustical sound waves. Specially designed acoustic foam to be used in automotive applications. Will not sponge-up water, and resists extreme temperatures. Can be used in place of open cell foam and fiberglass to reduce trunk and door panel resonance. Also helps alleviate buzzes produced by subwoofers. Sold in 18" W x 36" L x 1/4" thick non-adhesive sheets. I use plummer glue for permanet attachment to items. I use it for home made wet tumbler to clean cartridges/shells mostly to reduce noise. It works great for me, because it water resistance & can take the punishments from all of the adgitantion as cartridges/shells are being cleaned. It almost does not make any noise at all. If you want to remove Acoustic Sound Damping Foam year's laters, I guess that you could use a putty compond to attach it & remove it later. You could also use thick double sided tape to attach & remove it. Plus you could use screws to secure $ remove it. Overview Specially designed acoustic foam to be used in automotive applications. Will not sponge-up water, and resists extreme temperatures. Can be used in place of open cell foam and fiberglass to reduce trunk and door panel resonance. Highlights * ADF can be used in place of fiberglass to damp door panel, trunk, dash, and speaker enclosure * Can be used inside door panels to stop resonance problems caused by lock and window assembly parts * Can be easily cut to size, shaped to panels and parts * Can be used to absorb reflective frequencies when loudspeakers are mounted in door panels * Made of waterproof closed cell material that will not soak up water or moisture * Made in USA! Customer Review Can be used in place of open cell foam and fiberglass to reduce trunk and door panel resonance", and this product is indeed effective as a panel dampener. I've used it with good results in automotive interiors and around ductwork in HVAC systems. I've seen negative reviews from people trying to use the product as an absorber of acoustical sound waves, but as "closed cell" foam product, it is not effective in that application. Used in the appropriate application it works effectively.
This type of product doesn't keep sound that originates outside of the room from entering the room (such as road noise), it keeps sound that originates within the room from bouncing around inside the room. In other words, it reduces room echo.
Hi there . People use this item for Camara boxes, gun cases,and I think it will work to protect a laptop .
Hi. This is for sound proofing. It should work. Thanks
Hi. It works both ways.
I don't think it says on the advert from Amazon wether this product is open or closed cell, it has been a while since I bo it. If I had to guess, I would say open cell. I do not believe that this product is designed to be used outside and does not appear to have any water vapor infiltration properties, it is very flexible and it appears to be designed to be used as primarily as a sound deadener or absorber. Mine was used to construct a round tubular sound baffle for a grow room customer do eliminate the sound of the loud exhaust fans for his grow room. It worked great and saved over a hundred dollars making it myself with over the counter air duct parts from Home Depot Hope this helps
Hi. Danny. We have a listing for 2 1/2 2418 too. Look for it on my store front.
It is not self adhesive. I used a tube of liquid nails. It took a while to dry so I had to keep it pressed down in place but once it dried it worked great. I have tried crazy glue but it is too thin to reach and hold the foam. I used the pads for an amp box and they worked perfect. Can actually stand next to the amp without being blown away by the sound.
It works great for sound deadening. I used it to make a sound baffle for a 6" exhaust fan for a growroom. It was really loud before, after the baffle was installed it was so quite you can't even hear it. As long as there are no overheating issue and ventilation it should work good.
This foam definitely reduced our sound leakage. We used it to wrap an amp box to block sounds releasing and allows us to Mic the amp.
No, the foam is not very dense and compresses easily.
This cartridge is an excellent performer. You can Google it on a site called Audiokarma to see audio experts feedback. If the rest of your gear is up to it you may want to consider the Denon here... http://www.needledoctor.com/Denon-DL-110-Cartridge?sc=2&category=369 This is considered one of the best cartridges for the money that will mate well with the Technics tonearm.
In my opinion, yes, it would be better---probably brighter, with better treble and more detail---if that's what you're looking for. Audio Technica cartridges are an excellent value---even the inexpensive models sound great. You might also want to check out reviews of the Audio Technica AT-3482 p-mount cartridge, which features a rare carbon fiber cantilever (said to dampen lingering resonance from pits & scratches.) A lot of people, including me, like that one, too. It's slightly cheaper and might be perfect for your purposes. Actually, I don't think you could go wrong with any of the Audio Technica models. Good Luck---I hope that helps!
As best I can tell it's the AT311EP with a 0.3 x o.7 biradial stylus. I really like mine, especially at this price. I got it with the universal mount which adds a good bit of weight that you will have to counter balance. I had to attach an additional counter weight because there was not sufficient adjustment on my tone arm to do the job. Good luck. I think you will like it.
The Audio-Technica AT311EP will replace the Technics P23, and you might hear an improvement in sound quality. It's probably the best p-mount cartridge you can get for about $30. A little cheaper is the Audio-Technica AT92ECD (practically the same cartridge) for about $5 less on average. You can't go wrong with either of these. Good Luck! P.S.---An added benefit of the AT92ECD cartridge is that it comes with a convenient small screwdriver to facilitate easier installation of the cartridge on your turntable. Another thing to note is that you would only use the p-mount cartridge, itself, and not the universal adapter supplied for non-p-mount turntables. I hope that helps!
It SHOULD be included. That "carrier" is the tonearm adapter/headshell which makes it possible to use the specialized p-mount cartridge on a standard turntable. I'm assuming that's what you have, as 99% of turntables are of the standard (NON-p-mount) type. If you did happen to own a p-mount turntable, on the other hand, the cartridge---without the adapter/headshell---would plug directly into the tonearm, simplifying the process. Here's an important tip: Make sure you properly align the cartridge, or get an experienced person to align it for you, during the mounting process, so that it sounds right. Otherwise, your music will be distorted. I hope that helps---Good Luck!
I agree with all the other commenters/reviewers. You can't go wrong with either the AT311EP or the AT92E (also known as the AT92ECD)---The AT92ECD package also includes an accessory kit which has a small screwdriver for securing the cartridge in the tonearm. And, as ProfessionalGamer mentioned, it IS cheaper. I will add that some people also like the AT3482P cartridge, the cheapest of the three. It uses a carbon fiber stylus which (possibly) smooths out shrill "metallic" sounding high frequencies which might occur on some records. And it's supposed to be ideal for playing 45 singles, if you have a lot of those. Just another option to consider. Anyway, Good Luck, Shawn!
Yes, the AT311EP IS elliptical. It's excellent and inexpensive, too. Andi t should be a perfect fit for your LAB 2200. Good Luck! Jay Calloway
the one i bought has one on the right side.
Yes it would work with the adapter that is included, but I would recommend that you go with something like an Ortofon Red for a 1019. That is a classic turntable that deserves a nice cartridge
MM
The pedal has reversible polarity, so it will work with all keyboards.
To reverse either way you have to press and hold the pedal while turning on the keyboard. Give it a try.
Either should work. Same maker means polarity should match. M-Audio makes a smooth, real-feel pedal.
I have the Casio WK-210, and when connected to it the pedal works as expected.
The pedal is. 4 inches... 10 inches overall including the housing.
Yes it works with just about any keyboard!
It's a bit too slow of a pedal for hi-hat usage.
I can't answer that specifically, but I went with the phrase "The SP-2 is a universal sustain pedal with polarity switch for compatibility with all electronic keyboards." I tried it and it works perfectly. Just plug it in. It really is so much nicer than the clunky one that came with the piano.
No, it does not.
Compatible? Yes, all M-Audio KB's use the same scheme and are all compatible with standard petal switch, especially its own. See here for reference in the 49e user manual: http://www.m-audio.com/images/global/manuals/060320_Key49e_UG_EN01.pdf As to the other: Don't be confused by the quarter inch female jack on the back. IT IS NOT AN AUDIO OUT. The keyboard produces no audio. It is simply a MIDI device which sends computer codes along its USB interface. The jack is for the petal. So, no you can not run audio from the MIDI KB to a mixer, since it does not produce sound. There are also ways to produce quality audio on your computer, such as adding a firewire audio output device. But make no mistake, the keyboard is only a note triggering device with some other functions found in MIDI such as sustain. Hope this helps.
There are two differences that I've found. The most obvious is the color of the instrument. The 312 is simulated rosewood while the 314 is simulated ebony wood. The next difference is the sound of the instrument, specifically the color or the tone. It's kind of hard to put into words but one isn't better or worse than the other, just different (and not by much). I'd say you'd do fine w/ either the 312 or 314, but I'm more partial to my 314. Also, I'd recommend either the 312 or 314 over the 302 simply because of the texture. The 302 is smooth while the 312/314 have texture, making them easier to hold on to.
Hi Walter, the YRA-302B is less expensive, it is dark brown and white in color. The YRA-312B is more expensive and has a simulated rosewood finish. Personally, and from what I've read from other people who have played both instruments, the recorders with the simulated rosewood or simulated ebony wood finishes have a better sound and are more responsive. They also "feel" better to the touch - and are not as slick or apt to slip through your fingers as the YRA-302B models. I hope this helps :-) If you have any other questions, please feel free to ask. --Kathy Pippig
The holes are slightly offset to accommodate an easier reach for all fingers. Is the whistling on the low C or the high C? Also, which type of fingering are you using - German or Baroque? You may also try adjusting how much breath you are using. Hope this helps!
Yes
A recorder is a chromatic instrument so it's not tied to a key as say an Irish whistle or harmonica. The alto's lowest note is f just above middle c so depending on the register you wish to play at it may or may not suite your needs. I play soprano, alto, tenor and bass so switch around depending on the voive we need at any given time. For general playing I find the alto the most versitile - although I truly love my tenor's rich low notes. Hope that helps.
baroque
I don't know the slippwer shoulder. But I can put 2 kun on it and there's still room.
The case has worked really well for my daughter to hold her KUN 3/4 shoulder rest. She has about an inch to spare in the length of the case. overall size of the case is about 9.5" x 3" x 2.5"
Yes it does!
My daughter had the same shoulder rest and it fit perfectly. The first pouch we baught was too small but this one was perfect.
This is a very nice bag. Yes it does hold the full size Kun shoulder rest. I have a Kun in the bag that I have and the bag fits very nicely on the violin case. It adapts very quickly to the case and will actually hold more than just the Kun. Cheers.
Michael, my rover is at the cabin and not where I am, but the shipping weight if 10 lbsis case, box and guitar. I would estimate no more than 4 lbs for the guitar. It feels like you're holding a broomstick!!! Put a strap on it to help with balance! A very fun guitar. I had a broken right shoulder and with the shallow body I was able to keep playing til it healed and could go to normal size guitar!
The neck in my opinion is about the same as a standard guitar, maybe slightly smaller I have small hands also. It is very light so you need to use the strap to keep it balanced. I find the sound to be like a mandolin/guitar very nice but dont expect the sound of a dreadnought. I didnt like the Martin because it does not have a Truss rod to adjust the neck,so if got warped you are out of luck, plus it got some bad reviews.The fit and finish on the rover is very good for the price plus a really great case.l find myself player this little guy more often than my full size guitars it is great for sitting on the couch to practice.With the light gauge strings it has an electric guitar feel. Buy the way I installed an after market pickup called the Romp so no it is an acoustic/electric great fun , hope this helps........
It is made in China. At this price point that is to be expected. Do note that it has a solid top, which accounts for the good sound (size considered)
Yes. I bought some that I plan on putting on.
If that is a rod that is in the neck of a steal string guitar the answer is yes I beleive so. When I inquired about putting nylon strings on it the guy in the store said no can do. I believe this is bc of a truss rod. Hope this helps. It's a sweet little guitar.
0.010, 0.014, 0.023, 0.030, 0.037, 0.047
If memory serves the sound hole is normal, or close to normal, so you couod use about any soundhole pickup. Not sure what it would sound like.....
Yes....mine came with straps to backpack it...comes in a black ballistic nylon padded case...with handles also.. a satisfactory package.
Unfortunately, we are unable to ship any of our Amazon orders outside of the United States.
It is not
It's not a keyboard, it's a midi controller. You need a PC/Mac with speakers + software to use this.
A MIDI controller does not produce its own sounds; it primarily controls MIDI information only. For example, I have a Korg N5ex keyboard and software instruments on my computer. The MIDI controller can control the sounds on either the Korg keyboard or the computer software, but it does not have sounds of its own. I could not use the MIDI controller as a stand-alone performance keyboard. One of the advantages of using a MIDI controller is that if you already have the sounds on another keyboard, sound module, or instrument software, you may only need the keys. You can easily save hundreds, if not thousands of dollars for just buying the controller. A fairly decent 88-key MIDI controller can be had for around $500, whereas an 88-key workstation or digital synthesizer/piano can run you into thousands of dollars.
Yes, the M-Audio Keystation 88ES works fine with GarageBand. I believe just about any USB keyboard controller would work with Garageband. Garageband pretty much relies on you having an external keyboard controller to trigger the GB sounds. Work fine with my MacBook Pro.
Need to go into a computer. It's perfect for composing, using in home. I don't use it on gigs. The great thing, is that there is plenty of software out there that allows for it with pretty amazing sound banks. I use MAINSTAGE. It also comes with a CD to load into your system to use it's own software (I don't use it). Hope that helps Sandy
Yes I returned it because it has to be run through the software it came with it. It was very difficult and I never figured out how to get it to work even with the software downloaded and the keyboard plugged into the computer.
It cannot. Think of it as a mouse or typing keyboard. They are useless when not attached to a computer.
You need a MIDI compatible sound program - like Logic, GarageBand, or the like to provide a 'voice' for the unit. It's just a controller, not an instrument in it's own right.
Don't see why it wouldn't. I use it with Logic and it was just plug and play.
I use it through a M-Audio 4x4, midi hub and have no problems using soft synths with Sonar 8.5. Although with any midi performance, a lot depends on your hardware (DSP/midi interface) and the size of the buffers set in Sonar, which will have an effect on any lag. Or lack of.
I have an M-Audio SP-2 sustain pedal, which works with the keyboard. I don't have Fruity Loops or Reason, so can't help you there.
It does come with sticks, bbut they are rather weak. That's because the pads are rather sensitive. It can be plugged into guitar amps.
It has a pedal for kick sounds. And yes it has an electric adapter. I sold mine to a friend who wanted to use it for sequencing drum sounds. Think he is glad with it
I bought one, but it would not read on my computer. You may want to purchase a newer version drum set. There might be different software out there that will make it compatible.
No, it does not come with a USB interface. However, I bought a generic USB/MIDI converter for under ten bucks, and it works great - with both with the DD55, a MIDI keyboard I have, and my Mac.
The three smaller pads are roughly 3.5" in diameter. The four larger pads are closer to 5 inches. The pads on the foot pedals are possibly that small, and may have been the target of that reviewer's complaint.
Lisa, this is absolutely a replacement stylus for the cartridge on your Sony turntable. Sony doesn't make cartridges or needles for Sony turntables, Audio Technica is the OEM for those parts on those Sony turntables. If you follow Deborah A. Stephens' advice and enter the part number she gives on the website she points you it will show a picture of an ATN3600L stylus. The ATN3600L is the most common stylus of entry-level turntables.
yes this one will be fit
Yes this stylus will work for the Pioneer pl990. I bought one for the exact same model Pioneer and it worked perfectly.
yes
Check with my needle store.com. They should be able to match you up.
yes this one will be fit
nope
Not sure but check with Myneedlestore.com. They will be able to help you.
I am not sure; my Sony is the pslx-250h....with a 3 prong connection. If your Sony has the 4 connecter, then no. If it has 3 then it's likely that it will work. Steve
Barewire pinch clips. Very secure.
No, these are not powered speakers.
I use them on my outdoor patio. For that purpose, so far they are fantastic.
Yes these come by the pair. I highly recommend them, we installed them in our overflow room at our church and they sound great!
When you get the microphone, it comes in a nice brown, wooden box that is lined with snug black foam (it's great for transporting). They will also give you a shock mount with extra elastic bands (to be used when the bands on the shock mount stretch out). There is also a foam filter covering for your microphone (I don't recommend using that as the wind screen, though. It's extremely thick. It's more there to protect your microphone from dust) and instructions included within a soft plastic bag. You will need to buy your own XLR Female (Pin) to Male (cord) or any XLR converter that you wish (XLR to USB, etc). I will let you know as well that the shock mount is a bit flimsy and it is a tight squeeze for the mic (you'd have to pry open the shock mount to get the microphone back out). Personally, I'm trying to find a better shock mount but it is absolutely not necessary to get a different mount. Overall, this microphone is a quality microphone (for its price) and you truly cannot go wrong with buying it! Good luck! :)
Mine didn't come with a wooden case, it came with everything else, though.
It allows you to record louder instruments or singers by reducing the input sensitivity of the microphone.
It is 7 inches tall plus you need room for the mic cable to plug into the bottom. It's solidly built and mostly metal, so it's pretty heavy. You would need a very sturdy desktop mic stand for it to work. It's a great mic, but probably not the best choice if lightweight is a priority.
It should be. The preamp you mention is a standard 2 channel external audio interface that can support both XLR and 1/4 inch cables. The Studio projects operates on an XLR so there shouldn't be a problem. The only thing you have to keep in mind is it does require phantom power, so make sure to trigger that function on the Interface.
actually any 9volt battery of your preference would be fine; I get good use out of the Duracell duralock batteries.
I have been trying to get it to work but it is not working
It is real good I like it. And yes u need a speaker or amp, it could be small.
No you can have you comupter speakers because I sometimes use them.
you need an amplifier, the base unit plugs into the amp and the mics go through the base and is amped
Yes. You will need RCA input for you stereo system.
Don't know why you would want to, but I don't think these would stand up to much abuse. If you break the battery cap at the end of the unit, it would render it useless. Truthfully, I am not very satisfied with this product, it generates a lot of static noise. I have had similar units that looked identical I bought when I was in Hong Kong that were of much better quality. I would not recommend this product, I was quite disappointed with it.
Yes to a PC however you can hardly hear the sound
Do not recommend. Not very good range!
I grounded my turntable to the pre amp. Look. At the back of the pre amp for a ground bolt
Its a great cart for the price. I play a lot of classical music and this cart's nice flat output across the critical listening range is quite nice. I would suggest that if you are a person over 50 the subtle differences that audiophiles bicker over won't matter much. As we age the ear tends to become less efficient in picking up extreme highs and lows (especially among men) so enjoy your music with this cartridge. You won't be disappointed.
Yes. The Pyle has a standard mounting shell with 1/2" spaced mounting screws. so you can use any "standard" mount cartridge such as the Grado. (You can't use the less common "P-mount" cartridges.)
It does come with a stylus. Ready to install out of the box.
Hi, the two are polar opposites. The At95e tracks better and has a very natural tone. It is also likely to work on a wider number of tables. The Grado is the data retrieval champ thanks to a much better cantilever. The Grado has a huge wide sound stage and is warmer too. The Grado is big and lush but not as good of a tracker. Choose the Grado for classical, opera, jazz and prog rock. Choose the AT for indie rock, metal, and pop. I use both on two different tables. Cannot live without either and have used both designs for 30 years. I own the Linn and Clearaudio variants of the AT as well. My Grado is on a big Technics direct drive and Technics belt drive. The AT and variants are on Project and Clearaudio tables. Hope this helps.
Eliminator sells remotes with timer for their machine. http://www.cheapdjlighting.com/Fog_Machine_Timer_Remote_p/ef-trm.htm
i would guess a quart. used it all summer with only 1 tank jamming in the garage! I had another type of fogger and had to refill that 3 or 4 times with same amount of use.
It's a three prong. I bought the American Dj Ftimer Dyno Ii Timer For Dyno Fog Ii and it worked fine.
I use the fogger on the ground only. Sorry!
Never tried; but I'd never recommend this product. after light use, it completely stopped working.
Assuming you are buying the mic and receiver as a "COMBO"....these units are agile, That means they are capable of scanning many frequencies within the band they are designed. You will surely find a "Clear" frequency to operate on in your state. We have not had any problem with that. It will probably operate correctly right out of the box.
No. I had to buy one separately.
Mukund - Good question for Shure Engineering.. Call 847-600-2000, as for Technical Support. One you find out, we can obtain the model that you need. Thanks, Hugh 318-614-0422
Vince - Not true; maybe certain parts, low end units; Shure manufacturing facility is in Niles, IL. Thanks, Hugh 800-806-7774
real
hi Ray. The logic output shown in the photo is not standard with SLX24/SM58. This system includes the SLX4 receiver which does not include the Logic output. The SLX4L receiver offers that functionality and would have to be ordered separately. It's worth noting that this receiver is designed to work with the MX690 and MX890 desktop transmitters, not the handheld transmitters that are part of the SLX24/SM58 system. Tim Brown | daleproaudio
You need to consult a spectrum database for your area. According to http://whitespaces.spectrumbridge.com/whitespaces/home.aspx and http://www.google.org/spectrum/whitespace/channel/ your area would best be served by a device that operates on TV channel 32 or 39. Channel 32 covers 578-584 MHz. If you consult the Shure documentation, The SLX devices using the J3 band would best suit your needs, as they operate at 572-596 MHz. The SLX series doesn't have a band that operates on channel 39. This device, since it is on the H5 band, would be usable on only part of its range.
The SLX receiver uses an external power supply, and there are separate power supplies available for 120V and 240V operation. The Shure website has more details available regarding this.
It works with any wireless systems.Does that help?It works as good as any mixing board.enjoy it if buy one
This mixer cannot. Unless you have USB to 1/4 audio.
no digital. Just a nice basic mixer.
1/4" phono only on channels 5-12 Balanced XLR & 1/4" phono on channels 1-4. RCA on tape input and output.
To me this board was junk, it has a hum when it is on it is on the shelf as a paper weight.
The maxcom is best for vocals an controlling a mix which I use it for. You can use it for bass. Connect bass to MaxCom channel side line in 1 or 2 then to amp, if your running effects already make sure the maxcom is the last unit before amp. As a long time bassist if you have a compressor stick with that and go with the BBE 482 Sonic Maximizer to shape your sound that would be a better choice for bassist and guitarists.. Good Luck
Yes
While I have never used this for live recording, what you are looking for is what this was intended to do. It's designed to set your limits and level things off. Also it has the sonic maximizer which is a plus. That will help clean things up and enhance the over all sound.
Sorry, we have it only in black. Thank you,
its black
Mine was good and snug. I was very happy with it.
Yes. The square piece on the lid is super soft and will flex for the bigsby.
I'm not 100% sure but I'd venture to say it will be a little bit too big.
You need to buy one designed for a 335. It will NOT fit in a Les Paul case.
Absolutely LP case. No Gibson or Epiphone logo, but a very very nice, sturdy, cool, case!
I highly doubt it. It's very much measured for a Les Paul. My LP custom fits perfectly with a bigsby And I just can't see a PRS SE fitting the right way.
Nope.
I don't think there is a blue light on the XLR version of this mic. Are you sure you are not talking about the USB version?
I think the blue icicle could be the problem because my at2020 is still running fine after all this time !
That depends on exactly how you want to use it. This mic will require some sort of interface and that is what will need to be compatable with Windows 8 (which is likely it will be). This will not plug into a regular sound card as it requires an XLR jack. You can buy XLR to TRS converters as well as USB converters. However, this mic comes in a USB version. It would work excelent as a Blog Caster's mic. Windows 8 most certainly has generic drivers that would work with it. ASIO4ALL is a good generic open source driver available free (search ASIO4ALL, you can't miss it). So if you want to plug directly into your computer this mic will be problematic without other appropreate equipement. The AT2020USB will plug directly into a USB port and any audio software should see it as an available input.
If you use a conversion box, yes. This specific model uses an XLR interface because it requires phantom power (three prong, cylindrical shape). You can spend about $100 on a usb conversion box and use this model. I Use an AKAI professional ($250+) which can handle up to 4 mics and 4 outputs ALONG WITH the usb cable. All that said, you can bypass the whole thing and buy an "AT2020 USB". It hooks directly up to the laptop and there's no other equipment to buy. Warning: If you use an AT2020 USB, it will eat up your battery life, you NEED to have your machine plugged in to use it for a long duration. Reason is: the mic takes about 40 volts of power and audio recording and engineering is a processor intensive task (more CPU work = more power being consumed), it also takes a lot of memory so your HDD will be running non stop. If you're using this for fun, get the USB and save the money. If you're looking to get into more serious work, use the XLR as it's compatible with more high end equipment.
It is built like a tank. As long as you don't drop it or put water on it or crush it. It's fine with its soft case
I would imagine it could be but I've never used it for something like that. Condenser mics are less robust than dynamic mics so if you are rough with them they break a lot easier but they do pick up a lot more. So it might be good for choir and instruments but it also might be prone to feeding back since it's more sensitive, you would have to take care with the volume levels. Again I've never used it live so I'm sorry I can't conclusively answer your question.
Yeah but xlr mics generally have better audio quality
The mic comes with a pretty decent mount which should fit most general mic stands. You could invest in a shockmount and a general mic stand. As for a cable, I would get a planet waves XLR cable. You can get any type of XLR but I just like planet waves, they are a great company that make good, sturdy cables. This is a good shockmount that should fit your mic http://www.amazon.com/Samson-Technologies-SP01-Spider-Shockmount/dp/B000LQLDM2 It's a great mic, enjoy it!!
Id go with the focusrite pro 40. Decent and is about as cheap as it goes for 8 inputs. Comes with some version of USB wire, though im not sure if its the standard one. With 8 channels the speed to harddrive has gotta be fast...Otherwise their is a Motu one that is slightly more and very comparable.
I am sorry, there is no PRO T70 microphone. Are you referring to the PRO-70? If so, it is the AT8411 clip
Yes
Nope. Too big
They might be a little too big. I think it would fit around the top part of the ATR3350 but that is close to the mic itself.
Wendy, I am a guitar player, but a friend of mine that plays violin professionally at Disneyland tried the AKG 411 and said that it was too midrangy for his tastes. He prefers a lavalier mic he paid $25 for at Radio Shack. He places the mic behind the bridge. He plays live with it and has no feedback problems. I have heard it and it sounds great. He said he prefers this mic over the expensive mics he has tried. D
I bought my AKG C411L to amplify my mandolin. I attach the pickup to the side of the bridge with the supplied adhesive putty, run it through a GK 250ML lunchbox amp, and have been delighted with the sound.
I guess so but, as you should know, a transmitter needs a receptor like wms45. In terms of connection akgc411L has the miniXLR jack that fits perfectly with pt45. Visit www.akg.com for more info! Regards!
This is better for acoustic string instruments. For wind kind I would go with something like that, Sennheiser e908B-ew Supercardioid Condenser for Wind Instruments. Check out customers reviews.
I am using it to mic a mandolin and I'm happy with it. The adhesive is a tarry black substance that holds the mic in place well but is easily removable without leaving any residue on the instrument. I'm not sure what it's made of, but it is reusable. I think all you need to do to maintain it is keep it free from dust and dirt. The mic comes with a strip of adhesive that is sufficient for 20 or 30 applications without reuse. It doesn't appear to degrade with age, but if I ever need more, I doubt it would be difficult to find a suitable replacement.
I bought one of these, and I Know the adhesive comes with it...included. Max
No fog machine in this price range can continuously produce fog.. This machine only being a 400 watts, has a bit of a warmup time. (about 5 minutes) Once warmed up,it will blast out fog for about a minute and a half, and then it will have to warm back up (But not as long as the initial warm up when you power it on.. I've personally used this machine for parties and gigs where I DJ..And at home, I can fill a 20 x 30 ft space from floor to ceiling with about two blasts.. As a suggestion though, don't use the fog fluid that comes with it.. it is JUNK! The higher quality of fog juice you use will aid in this machines performance dramatically..
It will work awesome if you want it for lasers, that space is slightly bigger than my living room.... Just keep in mind you have to manually push the button for fog. It made a great fog for my daughters birthday rave. Some people actually complained it was to much fog and a had to open a window for some ventilation. Works like a dream. I had no problems with clogging, but I didn't use the stuff they sent. I bought some froggies swamp juice and dumped a whole bottle of scent to mask the slight chemical smell.
Mine came with a small bottle which filled the reservoir. It was enough for my needs for a night of trick or treat. I bought another bottle from Party City, but did not use it. I was told (and have read) that the fog liquid loses potency over time, so don't buy more than you need. The are recipes on the Internet for making your own fog liquid, but I have not tried them. Good luck.
A very low hiss as it blows the fog out the nozzle.
I think, from what I've been reading about these machines, you have to push the button. That's why they recommend getting a timer that's made for it, if you don't want to be glued to the remote. The timer makes the machine dispense fog automatically, according to how you set it up. Halloween supply places sell them. It has to be the one made for Eliminator products, but they seem to be pretty easy to find, and not horribly expensive.
Per my experience, there is a shoot of about 20 to 25 feet. Works very well for what I need it for, but it gives out after just 4 or 5 times. Then there is a 10 minute wait before it goes again.
Sorry... can't help. They never responded to me either. Ours was fried on arrival. They're completely unresponsive.
Yes, if you order today I can ship 2 day air and you can have it Thursday. Where are you located?
this item comes with a built in timer I don't think you could attach a timer to it you might need a bigger machine that would be adaptable.
There are several ways to clean. You can run vinegar and hot water through it. There is also a cleaner liquid that they sell at Party City or on line. If it is clogged up and dried in, you may have to remove the tubing from inside and soak it in hot water. I have never done that though. Always make sure to clean it with hot water with or without vinegar after each use. Then get all liquid out of it and let it dry before storing.
At first I thought this was kind of a funny question...but then I went and picked up my backlight, and sure enough, when I tilted it back and forth it does sound like there is something very small inside that is moving! My BF says that it is the ballast and that it is perfectly normal.
No it does not get very hot. I have it mounted on my wall to make my stars light up too!
I think that would work if you were to use fluorescent chalk on the blackboard then it could work.
Directly under it you will get the effects. I used six in the same size room for an 80's dance party and it was perfect.
Mine came just fine and it works right out of the package. If you plan on wall mounting it you will need hardware, though.
My daughter tested it and said it came right on when she hit the switch.
try it on the ceiling in the middle
I had it in a small bedroom roughly 10x12 and ended up using two more to really get everything glowing. It's good for anything within 3 or 4 feet on the ceiling. It's somewhat limiting in that the fixture design is mirrored and shaped so that no light is cast directly above it.
The bulb that is at Walmart is too thick for this fixture. I think the correct replacement I've only seen at Spencer's in the mall. You buy it, and carefully twist it in.
You can lay it in top of a shelf.
This particular one is one telescoping pole and the rest folds up so it is actually 1 piece.
Im 21 years old and i use it and its awesome, and convienient. Its gets pretty high, i dont have problems with seeing my music.
$5.67
Absolutely not. It would be difficult use to write on a single sheet of paper let alone a white board.
Vwry light. I'd say 1/2 a pound. Easily carried in the bag over the shoulder
Shipping weight is listed at 2.8 pounds so I think that includes the box it comes in. To me it's not even a noticeable weight. In fact, if it weighed any less I'd worry it would tip over in a breeze!
That is to the shelf level. This was part of the reason I bought it for my youngest so it would grow with her.
yes, if those are inches.
The tilt is around 180, very adjustable. It stays in place. And yes, there is something like a knob to adjust.
Yes, We do have yellow color.
I have found that as long as you keep your stand in a normal temperature range setting, the rubber material will be okay. However, if you place a guitar aboard and leave it for months without touching it, you may find that the rubber material will transfer to the guitar. But I have also had that occur with very good quality wall mounts. An expensive guitar? I would definitely keep cased until play.
There wasn't any for mine. It looks like they are held in place by gravity by the angle in which it attaches. Since I keep the stand stationary, it hasn't been a problem at all.
Absolutely :D with effortless ease.
Yes, this stand can hold up just about any guitar. I have both an electric bass and a regular acoustic guitar. The neck of the stand is adjustable depending on how high you'd want it or how long the neck of the guitar is. It supports both of my bass and guitar perfectly, so I'm more than sure it'll support a 1/2 sized guitar.
You mean a junior sized guitar? It will hold any guitar with a width of 7-8 inches. So I believe a kids guitar would work just fine. If not its pretty easy to return.
Pretty simple; it needs at least 3 points to stand on its own, the shorter leg tilts the stand back and keeps the guitar from falling forward, and naturally keeps he neck in its' holder.
i do use this with both and all good so far
The pictures provided on the listing are provider by other Sellers. I have seen them and they do look exactly alike to the XCG-4. We will not be changing the photos. Have a wonderful weekend!
Even though I haven't tried it myself, it is big enough to fit an acoustic guitar, so I don't see any problem.
Yes
So the resistance (Ohms of the headphones) tells you how easy it is to drive the speakers (produce sound). A higher ohms indicates that it is harder to drive the speakers; that being said that higher ohms means that the sound quality is better because there is less garbling of the signal. 30 ohms is standard and is appropriate for basically anything (mp3 players included) the 80 ohm can work with mp3 players but should have a amplifier, the 250 basically is useless without a good amp... if you want to get an amplifier I recommend the Fiio E11 portable amp (approximately 70 USD). Even if you get the 30 ohms DT 770 I am sure you will like it; I recommend getting an amp and higher "ohmage" if you want your music to sound just a bit nicer
Germany
There just a 2 channel headphone. I would have to stretch the cord out to see. Un-stretched it's about 5ft. I would guess 10-12ft stretched out. I use them for some gaming, but mostly music, make sure you get an amp for it.
Definitely. The dt770 are the best isolating headphones I've owned. Now be aware the 250ohm model will need an amplifier. If you don't want to use an amp get the 32ohm version Or 80ohm version. The lower the ohm the less need for an amp.
I haven't exactly found that my ears get warm but I have noticed that sometimes I sweat between the ear cup fabric and my head. The fabric is velvety, FYI. Hasn't been a major issue, I mainly use these when traveling. So I am likely walking around a lot with luggage in warm weather much of the time or sitting on a stuffy airplane.
These don't have a limiter. The specifics are on Beyerdynamic's website, but I think it either limits volume or limits time at a certain decibel level to meet industry requirements (that being the music producers).
I'd start by just plugging right into your receiver and see how you like the sound. some receivers have decent headphone amps, others have horrid ones. I don't know your model, but my Yamaha has the horrid type unfortunately. if you find you don't like the sound, be it too muffled, thin, or lifeless, then add an amp. there are many you can add. I run mine on a schiit vali and I love the pairing. the schiit magni is a good amp as well, more versatile than the vali. there is the jds labs o2 amp, and many many more. you'll need a line out from your receiver though. I was shocked to learn mine did not have any line level outs, so I had to run an optical out to an optical dac, and connect my headphone amp to the dac.
the 32ohm version is made to be run off just about anything, and still retain good volume and dynamics. the 80ohm is tuned for a bit more bass than the other models. at 80ohm it sits on the border of needing or not needing an amp. I personally thought it needed one when I listened to it out of my phone. the 250ohm definitely needs an amp, and is the most balanced sounding of the 3 versions. it's far from a balanced headphone though. I only say balanced in comparison to the other ohm versions of the same headphone. the 250ohm version is really made for a studio plugged into monitoring equipment. doesn't mean you cant use it at home, but you have to have an amp. just remember this with headphones, the lower the ohm, the more likely it will sound good just plugged right into a source. as the ohm goes up, volume and dynamics start to suffer, to the point that a separate amp will be required. if you don't want to use an amp, get the 32ohm.
Well the ear holes are pretty big so I imagine they would be as comfortable as any if not more.
Not the 250 ohm. If you want to use them with a phone, I'd suggest the 32 Ohm version; get the Limited Edition if you can find them, they are nice. But if you are using a phone as your primary source, and want something on par SQ wise and more portable, check out the Sennheiser HD25 or Amperior. Both are more easily driven, and more portable too, with a similar V-shaped response to the DT770. Their sound is less spacious, but I prefer them to the DT770 when both are driven by my Nexus 4 (same chipset as your optimus G).
We use Duracell batteries and have used it for several hours. We have not used rechargeable batteries with it.
we have not experienced that with our unit. We are very pleased with this product
We use it in a room that holds ~50 people, 9 ft' ceilings with out any problem. It might be a stretch to double the room size. So much depends on the acoustics of the room.
No, and wish I asked that question myself
Not completely sure. Both speakers would need to be on the same transmitter freq. Contact Nady the manufacturer. You may be able to run the Record out to the aux in on the second speaker, but you would have to run a cable.
1 microphone comes with the product. Additional microphones can be found here:
it IS an amp
That's a good question. I haven't tried that. Not sure. But if you do buy this one, be very careful of the cheap, plastic handle. It broke when I pulled the unit out of the box when I received it!!! :(
The power adapter says 110-240 volts. This is common how a day and I haven't seen any power adapters that were restricted to one voltage for well over 10 years. So the answer is yes.
The WB98H/C plugs into a "body pack" (sold separately) that attaches to your hip and transmits a wireless signal. If you want to use it as a wired mic, it requires a Shure RPM626 preamp (sold separately). This mic requires one or the other: a body pack or a preamp. The primary market for this mic is people who will use it wirelessly.
YES 99.9% chance it will work, presuming your transmitter is mini XLR input. All Shure mini XLR wireless connectors (that I am aware of) are configured/wired the same.
The WB98H/C requires a tranmitter and receiver. The Beta 98H/C has a built-in preamp and will plug directly into a phantom powered mic input.
Sorry i don't ship over seas you would have to contact the store.Thanks, Mike Jones 1-815-363-5900
I can't tell you what this seller will do, but typically the trumpet will come with a single trumpet case and a mouthpiece. The "typical" mouthpiece which comes with a trumpet if you don't specify is a Bach 7C, which is a fairly small (relatively) diameter, medium cup depth mouthpiece that is used by players with a wide variety of skill levels. Advanced players, especially orchestral players, will use larger diameter mouthpieces (e.g. Bach 1C or 1-1/2 C). You may be able to negotiate the substitution of a mouthpiece of your choice for the standard mouthpiece, but unless you know what you're doing and what you want, I wouldn't recommend varying from the 'standard'.
No!
Please bring it to the Sam Ash Music store closest to you for an appraisal. Thanks Monique.
The S in the description stands for silver. They do have brass.
Most likely, no, simply because this is a cheaper humbucker and those stock ones are meant to be similar to gibsons Duncan's. However, this is based on opinion. My experience with this pickup was fairly good but the seymour Duncan's I have blow it out of the water. Dimarzios would produce a good sound for Rock. Being a guitar tech I would suggest you do a lot of research before you sink money into a pickup.
Yes, it is a two wire.
neck position spacing is 50mm bridge position spacing is 52mm
Ceramic. Looks to be standard dimensions, so maybe you could swap mags if you want, but I wouldn't. It's pretty nice as it is.
It could be, but you might have to route out the body, or alter the pick guard, if the original guitar had a single coil. I was not impressed personally with the sound of this pickup when installed. I would spend a little more and get a Seymour Duncan.
For the price? I would say 10. The thing is that you can't expect it to sound like an $80 Seymour Duncan or something like that. But if your looking to upgrade cheap stock pickups, like what comes in Epiphones, then this is a big improvement. Keep in mind that this has a ceramic magnet and is fairly high output, so some people my consider it to be harsh. this pickup will sound better for heavy metal and hard rock, then it will for blues or country
Yes! You will need a soldering iron to install the new pickup and to remove the old one if this is a replacement.
2 wire.....
There a some good guides online to do this. I forgot it which one I used, but it took me about 35 minutes to do the whole process and I had never even soldered before.
the exact center to center polepiece spacing is 27/64ths. Looks good as I measured 3 times. Nice pick-up for 19.95. Have fun, js
One.
If you slide/move them frequently it could cause damage. I would say that they wouldn't leave any lasting / noticeable damage on thicker / taller stranded carpeting. The spike is embedded between fibers - once moved its almost impossible to see where the spikes were. I recently moved and found that the only way I could tell where the stands were was a result of the matted down imprints from the rest of the stand - similar to any time furniture stays in one spot for a long duration. In short, its no worse than any other object as far as I'm concerned!
Hey man, I just measured mine - looks to be 1 3/8" / 35mm diameter for the top "telescoping" section. Disclaimer, I only have a low quality ruler on hand - so it could run slightly large or slightly small - but generally speaking, thats the size of the telescoping/upper pole from at least the set I received :) Good luck / happy recording / jamming / whatever.
Just one
The wound strings hae a nylon core. So, yes and no. The E string is still steel, but the others are nylon with a winding(I can't recall the medal they are wound with). If you're thinking of nylon guitar strings, no they don't resemble those because of the winding.
Violin strings are more difficult to make than guitar strings and the materials are more costly. They use aluminum all the way to tungsten. Aluminum and silver are the most common. Thanks.
Yes.
Hmm ... I have not experienced such a problem.
When you place it over your strap button after your strap, you twist the plastic piece to tighten or close the hole up over your button so it cannot slide off. They actually work very well and I would highly recommend to anyone. Especially to those who don't feel like altering their guitar and purchasing expensive strap lock style buttons. I'll be using these for all of my guitars that I use a strap with. I bought 3 sets and need to buy more.
Comes as a set of two.
I have an old D28 Martin with an LR Baggs Lyric pickup. I'm using a Jaycko strap with a LOXX strap lock on the front (neck) strap pin but had widened the strap hole on the other end to fit in the Lyric's endpin jack slot. I was hoping to use one of these there, but it turned out to be much thicker than expected. I simply could not fit both the (rather thick) Jaycko strap and the Dunlop ErgoLok into the endpin jack's slot. I ended up giving them to a friend. Sorry, no idea on Taylors.
Do you know there are 3.volume settings?
I used it for running, so it's light weight was critical. It's not very loud though, so if you can handle a bit more weight, a metronome on a smart phone might work better. Most of those metronomes can make different sounds as well whereas this makes only 1 sound. That said, this device worked for my purpose!
DM50s is better quality.
If you have a tiny Phillips head screwdriver with a magnetic tip (like the ones that are used for eyeglass adjustments), you should not have a problem. There are 3 tiny phillip head screws that need to come out to remover the backing. Once the backing is removed, there is one more TINY Phillips head screw that "holds" the battery in. Once you have the right screwdriver, it can be changed within 3 minutes.
It does not.
No, its too big to be a violin for a Barbie, it would look like a guitar on her.
No it's just like a small prop
The 4 inch model is too small. is an 8 inch model that may be the right size.
28.5" from the top of the headstock to the end of the strap pin on the bottom. The pin is 0.5".
Tenor is 28 1/2" Long, 15" Fretboard, 9 1/2"Fretboard to body, 18 Frets from nut to Cutaway, 14 fets to body--Cheers Carl
I apologize but I do not know the answer to this. Here is a link for further assistance. Thanks for the inquiry. http://www.ovationguitars.com/support/customer_service
The answer depends highly on the individual. Just about any standard amplifier will work. The question is... what do you want out of an amp? You can get amps all the way from those that hook on your belt to huge stage amps. But this should work with pretty much any amp on the market. I would recommend an "accoustic combo" such as the Luna AA25.
I bought the set for my husband. He said that they do touch. The will need to be adjusted correctly, if they are not touching. He adjusted them after the purchase.
Stand is about 18"? And the cymbals are garbage. They are not the hi hat cymbals in the photo, they are machine cut brass with an upturned lip on the outside. Not really a hi hat cymbal at all, sadly.
This stands from foot to tip at 32 inches. The cymbals can be positioned as low as the notch you see about eight inches down or as high as the picture shows. The tension is not terrific but it holds up well to my six year old son. It's a kid's hi hat. I bought it for my 6 yr old's drum kit bc the kit didn't come with a hi hat or toms. It is ideal for that purpose. I wouldn't recommend it for an adult. It's itty bitty.
I couldn't figure it out, then I realized that *all* high hats have a similar installation procedure, and this helped a lot: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cnLgSp34M2M
Google jrcx07c instruction manual should work
I don't know, but it seems to work with other models which are not mentioned as compatible. It wouldn't surprise me if it actually worked. :)
yes it definitely works !!!
Yes. This sustain will work for WK-220 and WK-225. The components of these two keyboards are identical, and both are compatible with this item.
Yes. Your owner's manual lists SP-3 (also known as SP-3R) and SP-20 as compatible. Additionally, this sustain is listed as compatible with CTK 541 and 551, which share identical components with the 558. You will have a dedicated Sustain Jack. Setting options for your Assignable Jack can be found on page E-73 of your owner's manual. An e-version of the owner's manual can be found on Casio's support page if you no longer have the physical booklet.
I don't know. It works on my CTK2080. I imagine it probably would.
If the Casio WK-110 has accommodation for a sustain pedal this one will for surely work.
I don't know to be honest. My son has a Casio CTK 2080 keyboard. Hate I can't give you more information.
if there is an input for a sustain pedal--it should work--I have a acasiotone CT370 and it doesn't have an input for the sustain pedal--hope this helps--works fine for the one I have in Fl.--but I don't know the # of it.
Low key though, it should work with most every model. It works great for mine!
Honestly, I haven't even tried it yet. Sorry I can't be of any help!
Lowest height 27 inches. tallest 39. at tallest setting there is 9 inches between supports. lowest setting is 30 inches between supports.
The screws are already inside the holes. Check the ends and see if they are there and unscrew them...that's how they came shipped to me...inside some of the ends.
This is a light weight stand. If your keyboard is light, I suppose it would be fine.
I have the YPG-235 Keyboard so I don't know the answer to your question, but it works fine for my keyboard. Perhaps you can search for your PSR-E243 on Amazon and ask if anyone has use the PKBX2 with that keyboard?
You can detach the arms. They are attached by allen screws. It dosen't fold below the the lenght of the X heights.
Yes
The instructions are horrible. There are two holes close and two hole further away on the ends of the stand. This is correct. If you attach the wrong side, the other will not align correctly. You probably have the right pieces, just attaching it in the wrong order. The narrow holes legs get attached INSIDE the stand part with the wider holes (the nuts both face inward). So in the end, the left upper and right lower side are narrow hole, the upper right side and lower left side are wide hole. Hope this helps.
It's 40" arms. 13 1/2" top bar. 16" bottom bar.
hi. this is a standard stand. the keyboard will just sit on it. It is not designed to connect to our keyboard. thanks
yes, it does!
Hi Bill, You just clamp it to the headstock like you would a spring type capo.
Yes, I have the Performance as well. No issues with either capo. I often use Newport on my Tele American Standard...C shaped neck with a 9.5 radius, and my Martin OM-18V. Sounds best on the Martin, though just as brilliant on the Tele...same as the Performance. Performance also works fine on my Epi Casino (Elite)..no issues there either.
I think all capos will have some effect on tone. (Read my review of the G7th.). For me, this capo ended what seemed like a never ending search for one that is acceptable - this capo was one of those game changers that took me to the next level. Being an acoustic / vocal soloist I use a capo to enable me to play in just the right key for my voice while at the same time playing chords I'm comfortable with. The tone and sustain while using this capo changed all of my "B List" songs to "A List" because of the improved sound. I think the combination of the "self ratcheting" closure of this device and wide rubber pads lining the upper and lower "jaws" enables this improved tone. In addition to improved tone over other capos I find this capo has less impact on the tuning of the guitar as well. I use this for a few hours every day on my Taylor acoustic electric which is my "go to" guitar out my 12 acoustic electrics. My Taylor stays in tune really well and I notice this capo has signifcantly less impact on tuning compared to other capos. One final but important note on this capo... For me, when using the capo in the normal position (flat rubber pad on the strings & opening to the jaws facing the floor) when my hand contacted the end of the top bar of the capo I found it to be a rough and irritating surface. A very acceptable workaround that put my hand in contact with a much smoother surface was to use the capo "backwards" that is, flat rubber pad on the strings, however, jaws opening toward the ceiling. I will continue to buy these capos - they are a little more expensive but they are amazing !!!! If cost isn't an issue and you are a performer who can't live without this capo, buy two so you have a backup just in case you misplace one or one "walks away"...
Yes the item number is G7C-P2SILV. Meaning Performance 2.
Regular so it fits on almost all acoustics and electrics. It might fit some smaller neck classical and 12 string guitars but I wouldn't risk it. Just get the other versions if you need.
Does not come with a case.
It is very easy to use and reliable. Every one who sees it and borrows it loves it. Sturdy as well.
Yes, it is. What else can I say.
Yes it can, the devise has 4 individual 1/4 outputs or one xlr leveled output. Individual mic controls are much better for leveling out your sound board, especially if you are having issues with squelch or clipping.
I have these mics. My issue is that each mic sounds progressively worse than the other. The first two are pretty good and 3 and four are bad. I can't even use #4 it sounds so bad. Throw them in the trash and buy some GTD's
I was not satisfied with this unit. I sold it and now have the Pyle-Pro PDWM5500 - 4 mic system. This works a lot better. I know it's only one step up but what a difference. Better built, better sound and the difference in price is minimal.
No it does not, It has to be connected to an amp box & do not buy it - it want last a year... at least mine didn't. Bought June 2014, & it does not work as of today.
Yes, I had a simular experience with my system. Only that it happened a few weeks into its use. I have to been able to repair to date.
The microphone system will transmit the sound through a 1/4" cable which you will need to plug into a receiver of some sort. The receiver may be a mixer, an audio system, or even a CD Player. However, the receiver must have some sort of "Line-In" option such as a 1/4" port. You can by 1/4" to dual RCA converters as well if your receiving device does not have 1/4" IN.
The ones I have use the spring loaded clips.
These units have spring loaded speaker terminals. It's designed to work with an amplifier.
yes
No, they are just simple speaker. pos and neg connection to a speaker output.
The only way is to buy open end wires on one side and the clip other to the PC
whatever kind of cable you use you will have to strip the speaker ends. there are no binding posts just the type of "pinch "bare wire connectors.
They would but I would buy the next size up for a better sound with a receiver or dj amp
One in a box. Price is for one
Yes
The hole must be a circle of 59mm radius.
I installed 2, 1 in each kick panel
Price is for each speaker.
You would first need to look for an amplifier that has a rca input and then buy a 3.5mm to rca cable this will connect your phones headphone jack to the amp or you can use Bluetooth. Look up belkin Bluetooth stereo adapter and it will hook up to the amp as well
The wattage sounds a bit low, our speakers are 300 watts @ 8 Ohms each, your sound tech amp will probably only put out around 100 watts @ 8 ohms
If your 'board' has a built in power amp, just connect to the speaker outputs. If your board does NOT have a built in amp, then you would need to get one. Look at the back of your 'board' and see if you have speaker terminals on it. That will answer your question. Also, you could read the manual that came with it.
No
Yes
Your going to need a amp, power station, and many other cords. I went to guitar center and they said it'd be cheaper to buy a new one than get that one working
DON'T UNDERSTAND QUESTION.
Mine was for only 1 speaker.
i know so ! it would work good with it ! here go view this on youtube and you will see what i mean http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XcouSMKd_qY
The transmitter and receiver were crap. I tried a known good mic and it made no difference. Maybe it was just mine, but it wasn't worth sending back. I have since spent a little more money and purchased an Audio-Technica which I am very happy with.
I asked this very same question to amazon myself. What they told me is, they have no way to differentiate between the different 'torch color' units (and I can tell you first hand, the boxes have no details on the outside about which color it is). They said to me, if they send out the wrong thing, that they are pretty amenable to do a refund. As of right now, it is a grab bag about which kind you are going to get.
I don't see why not if you have an adapter for your computers mic jack
I don't have the answer I use it with the PA system it works perfect with the system.
This is the best mic that I have used. I think it will do a good job for you and help your problem
I don't know. It didn"t work for very long. It has to be really close to your mouth. It has to plug in to a 1/4 inch phone jack outlet like on my Newcomb turntable.
You can't connect a 1/4" pin connector to the ipad. You have 2 options, 1. To find a 1/4" to 1/8" connector converter, or 2 Use only the lavalier cable directly on ipad since it 1/8" pin connector, but this would mean the whole wireless system would be useless. There are bluetooth earpieces and headset that would work better on your ipad.
Yeah That's what I use it for and it works great if it starts sounding scratchy and u get alot of feedback just change the batteries! - :)
yes, it does, but I tried different batteries, but still not turning on the light and not working the main part.
Maybe for a day before they die on you, don't get these speakers, they aren't any good and they won't last.
No ports for ipod or iphone or any other device but you can hook it up with an amplifier and the auxiliary cable for the phone or i pod
It has speakon banana clip and 1/4 inch phono
No. Price is for each speaker.
Yes this model needs a power amplifier
Two 8 ohms speakers in parallel make a 4 ohms load. If you have 4 speakers you'll have to wire 1 set of 2 in series wicch will give you 16 ohms and set 2 in series also. Two 16 ohms wired in parallel will make an 8 ohms load
Sure can. Has 2 1/4 jack and speakon connections
Yes. .....you will need a power amplifier. ...they are not powered speakers.
You need a 1000 watt pyle amplifier
I installed them in a client's venue last year. As i remember, they have 1/4 inch inputs and binding posts. RCA connectors have been out of style for some years for pro applications. I only see them now on very small desktop and computer speakers, and even at that, not very often. You could easily get or make adapters, however.
This works on most PA systems. However, I would not recommend this product to anyone because the sound quality is very poor in wireless mode, but okay when wired like a regular mic. I have tested in on my 3 different PA systems: Bose L1, Fender Passport 300, Rockbox. There is a lot of static. Definitely not a well-made product, hence the cheap price. I would qualify this as a toy, maybe for a kid's sing-along.
Yes. It works with different systems and for the price it is really good one
It should but the quality is not very good, lots of static
It was junk in our opinion. Would not work unles it was held right next to the receiver. We had bought 2 and both acted the same.
Could not possibly be stereo. Plug is 1/4" TS, not TRS. You could use an adapter to send mono signal to both channels or copy channel 1 to channel 2 in your DAW. And if it was stereo, that would certainly be indicated in the title or at least the description.
I couldn't make this product work. I returned it for full refund very disappointing zero stars
Yes...but more room inside case
Yes! It is wonderful. And for the price, unbeatable.
The pocket is 12" x 9", so if the folder is only 9" high, you could fit it in.
It's a lock that the TSA (Transportation Security Administration) has a master key for, so you can lock it and put it in checked luggage when you fly without violating rules about them being able to inspect your checked luggage. You really don't want to put your violin in checked luggage, so this feature is of questionable use.
In the product photo, you can kind of see the rubber feet on the right which protect it when it's being held by the subway strap. It has similar rubber feet on the hinge side as well, so you can put it down when you're carrying it with the regular handle. I wouldn't set it down in a puddle, or anything, but it should be protected from lightly wet or dirty floors.
Hello. it is approximately 29 inches inside length and internal space for depth is about 5 inches. I have never had a full size instrument not fit. thanks! musiqueweb
I have no idea what version of case is being sold. Not sure what would constitute an outdated version. Suggest this question be addressed to the seller.
It's 32" long, 10.5" tall and about 7" deep (hard to tell with the curved top). I'm pretty sure it wouldn't fit into the wire frame they have to show you what the maximum dimensions of carry-on luggage are. It would fit in the overhead compartment just fine, but it'd be up to the individual airline to allow it or not.
My daughter owns this rest and it fits in the Protec case.
I just bought it this winter. It has been out in the sleet and snow for just very short times, going from car to teachers studio. I have had no leakage under these circumstances. In the spring I plan on spraying it will a water repellent, just in case.
You need something that supplies the mic with Phantom Power and connects to your PC via USB. I would use something like a "MXL MICMATE PRO XLR To USB Preamp with gain". Then, you need a PC with a sound card that can handle the quality you require and an internet connection that can broadcast (upload) the amount of kbps you are wanting to send. Good Luck and happy recording!
Yes. Great mic for an affordable price. If you have a mic pre it makes it even better.
Xenyx 302 USB.
I use mine for vocal...I was so delighted with them I now have 5.. for the money I was well pleased
I think you would find this mic to be fairly spectacular for that type of recording application. I would suggest using the "flat response" position of the switch on the side of the mic and then EQ as needed.
http://soundcloud.com/akil_paragon/to-this-j-dilla-track-34 The 770 into a Focusrite 2i4 and Audacity :)
Yes it's standard xlr and it requires 48 volt phantom power I recommend the behringer 802 to go with this mic
When you ask for "Live" what do you mean? All my vocalist sing live in the studio. Is it a good onstage Microphone I would say yes for the money it's fantastic. So I am not sure the specific application you are looking to use it for?
Sorry. Have no experience with the 3000. However, for voice work the 770 serves my purposes extremely well.
I know you've tried 2 or 3 cords by now so here's how I record using my MXL 770. I use an ART tube pre amp, but you have to turn off the phantom pwr or If you have another external phantom pwr unit try that. I do know that the controls on H4n Zoom can be tricky we use one to record our rehearsals so double check your settings. Hope this helps.
17 1/2 between the brackets and 19 including them
It is designed to fit a standard rack width of 19".
Yes, the Raxxess Rax Unitray with fit both units you mentioned are standard 19" rack mount products. The Raxxess is strong enough too.
No. There is exactly one thing in the box. The tray itself.
The rack is standard 19 inch wide but only 10 deep. It really depends on the depth of your switch.
yes it will
exact fit, just different gear ratio.
I bought them for an acoustic guitar. I called the manufacturer and they told me what grovers to get for my year and model guitar. I would try calling Gibson and they should be able to tell you what model to get.
I think I needed a 25/64 bit to install on mt Tak. If you love love love your guitar, have a tech install them.
Call Epiphone for the specs.
Wrong. Tuners
Dead center, just like in the picture.
Make sure the holes where the tuner posts will go are the same size. They should fit. Otherwise if the holes are too small you'll have to drill them bigger. If the holes are too big, you'll have to buy spacers. I hope that answers your question.
yes. I always replace the factory, made in china tuners when I get a new guitar. These are the best. Good luck.
Yes you can use it as a CD player with no problem.
Yes, it has two 1/4 inputs for microphones on the front. Thanks Dyan.
AC - 120V/240V - 50/60hz 60 w This kind of info should be listed on the web page wiyh this item.
Yes
You dont need any adapter. Everything you need comes with it. Hope this helps.
The VocoPro DVD-Duet is not set up to work with a computer, but the microphone inputs can be adapted to accept a computer line output. It's not ideal, but it can be made to work. Thanks Jack.
i dont know i use my voco pro to entertain at nuseing homes & assited living
no, if you are on # 3 and want # 7, you have to push the botton 4 times.
This product includes standard jacks, but recording to cd is not possible with this system.
I don't think so. There is also no USB/MP3 capability. My machine was a piece of junk that quit working after a year and a half or so. I have already given mine to a friend that has one that is using mine for parts. would NOT recommend this product.
My guess is than maybe GNX does not have a stereo output. I tried using the cable on non stereo output guitars and only got one channel. I do not know technical blah blah of how TRS cable is wired. You might want to plug into two amp (volume low) and just use your fingers to see if you can get a click or ground buzz or whatever you want to call that sound... just looked at GNX page, but didn't see any info if output is stereo or mono. http://www.digitech.com/en/products/gnx4 If you want to output to two amps, an ABY box could work, tho output level would be down a tad (I boost a bit with Equalizer before that box). Hmmm another idea: Can you plug headphones into output and if so do you hear results in stereo? Sorry if these ideas don't help. Maybe owners manual they have link to on Digitech page can give you more info and/or ask them?
The cable is for stereo output. GNP plug must be mono output
Serge, are you sure you are connecting the stereo side of your cable to a stereo system or instrument? If it is connected to a monaural device, the red lead may be short-circuited and your amp may be at risk!
If the TB-4 is ordered, the TB-4 will be shipped. Any seller can edit pictures shown on Amazon, but the product data for the TB-4 doesn't change.
We have both the bridge and neck pickups available in white. Here are links to these items: http://www.amazon.com/dp/B0002D0B8Q http://www.amazon.com/dp/B0002D0B90 Please let me know if you have any other questions. Ted Blue Blue Star Music 858-312-1174 (M-F, 9-5 Pacific time) 800-581-STAR (toll free within U.S.) http://www.bluestarmusic.com
Yes TB is for Floyd rose style bridge spacing.
I think they are the same,just different color black or white
Wow. That's a pretty vintage guitar and very special. It has a completely different style of pickup. I would try to restore the guitar very close to its original state. I would try to buy an original Gibson pickup that's designed for that type of guitar or even a boutique pickup, if that's the case.
Comes with directions for various configuration. YES
No, it's just the pickups.
Only the wiring diagram and mounting hardware are included. -Pro Audio Land
They come with no covers. You see the black pickups, silver poles, and printed Seymour Duncan lettering.
These pick ups are humbuckers & are typically larger than single coil pick ups. Some enlarging of the mounting hole would have to be done. As far the difference between these pick ups & the vintage alnico I really can't say. More info on the other pick ups is needed.
Passive.
No, Seymour Duncan does not offer this with the a nickel cover, it's sold separately. Thanks.
Yep.
My advice is to go to an guitar mechanic . Most established shop have one . Next thing to do is call the Seymore Duncan company. For sure these are worth putting in any guitar, great sound and for me sustain .
I really like this auto harp, but it does NOT have fine tuning. I haven't had any problems fine tuning it myself though - just a laborious process and needs to be done frequently in the first few months.
Just like an acoustic/electric guitar, when unplugged the acoustic characteristics of the instrument are the sole source of sound. When plugged in, the acoustic properties are the same as when unplugged, but would easily be overrun by the amplified sound. However, to the player, depending on where you are relative to the speakers, the "acoustic" sound would still be heard. The EQ has four bands (low, med, high, presence) that naturally only come into play when playing through an amplifier. The fine tuning feature was part of the reason I bought this harp, but in reality I rarely use it.
Dear Sophie, the autoharp itself weights around 4 kilo's, including the case around it, a bit more than six kilo's, greetings, Hans
The model OS45CE does have a pickup and preamp. I think that's what the "E" in the model number indicates. The preamp in mine originally had a bad pot for the volume control, so it would cut in and out. I sent it in for repair and now it works absolutely great. I assume I just got one of those rare lemons but they made it right.
It is a mistake. Normal sized Autoharp, about 23" x 12"
The lowest setting is 27 inches to top of keyboard and the tallest setting is 38 inches to top of keyboard (not recommended) with a total of five different settings. Has a perfect setting for the height of a standard piano.
This is super unstable. I'm a classic piano player. You can't hit the keyboard hard while playing. I can't recommend this. You should choose stand made by keyboard producer. I bought Yamaha stand after I found this can't be used even for basic use.
Stand is actually higher quality then I expected for the price. Never had any issues with.
Those are the dimensions of the box that the stand comes in. One you put it all together, the feet of the stand are wider than that. You can adjust the height as needed.
Yes it could but I would not recommend it, it would be too unstable. Thanks Carmen.
What do you mean? All I did was screwed on the legs and arms
30.5 inches center to center of the supports Hope that helps..
Yes
The stand is adjustable to just about any size keyboard.
The bottom bars are each 19 inches long. They are offset 1 inch so they take up a 20 inch space.
Yes
If I remember correctly, the answer is no!
We only ship to the U.S. and her protectorates. Sorry Rafael.
Leather its a nice strap
No
You can indeed adjust it down to fit a uke. I myself use mine on my BC EAB and have it as low as i can get my Instrument hang for maxium Playability...
This will help prevent reflection of high frequencies but will not do much for lows or vibrations. The best thing to do would be to put a layer of something heavy like dynamat or a mat with a built in sound deadening layer. And the best place to put that would be the actual inside of the door. In other words, if it is a hollow door, take the thin sheet off of one side so you can see the inner workings of the door, and put them on the inside so that when you put the sheet back on you can't see anything you added. If you really want to use this, you could put it on the outside, facing the source of the noise.
If your Spkr's are vented, blocking the vent wii reduce the Spkr's bass output and it will sound somewhat muffled or diminished. This foam would be a rather expensive fix to plug a hole. Other option's are poly fill or some kind of insulation or foam laying around the house
Probably just about any foam will help absorb the vibrations from the sewing machine, but if the machine loses firm contact with the table or floor, it might become unstable and affect the sewing.
That would all depend on what type of alarm it is. But how can an alarm be too loud? Isn't that there purpose to be loud and call attention to something?
Thank you for contacting Parts Express. All items fulfilled by and shipped by us on the same order, will be shipped as one order. We do not combine shipping with separate orders. Regards, Customer Service Team
Yes - I used to dampen the noise from a shop vacuum and it does that very well.
They are sold individually - 18"X24" pieces. You can order any number of pieces you need.
Basically it is 2 layers of foam! Top layer is an open cell acoustic foam with an under layment of a thicker more condescend acoustic foam! A good product
Typical adhesive backing. It would depend on the ceilings surface. I would think it would stick to a typical solid painted surface. I wouldn't install, remove, and expect it to stick again. Always finishing nails though.
No you should never use material that is not specifically fire proof inside of a computer
I would suggest speaker spikes for that application
It's soft, like an egg crate mattress.
It will to a certain degree, but it doesn't do a good job with high frequencies. You can probably layer and make it air tight so it'll be muffled.
It's a flexible foam.
No, it is too porous and you would loose the sound deadening characteristics.
Yes it is. If any residue stays behind you can easily remove by dabbing it with the part you removed already and it will stick to it.
We are glad to ship to your location! Both destinations are typically 4-5 business days through UPS Ground.
One inch thick.
Yes, it was easily trimmed to fit with a razor knife.
No off gassing that I noticed. But if its exposed to heat (sunlight) it could smell.
No and no. This is 3/8" male to 5/8" female adapter. If you wanted to mount a Yeti onto a camera monopod (which isn't a good idea because it would be rather top-heavy), you would need a 5/8" male to 1/4"-20 female thread adapter, and I'm not sure if they make those. But the Yeti has a standard microphone thread size so it can mount directly onto standard microphone stands with 5/8" threads.
I attempted to quickly determine the threads used in mounts of the mentioned satellites but failed to find that information. So you can best answer, if you are a current owner, by measuring the threads on the base of your speaker. It is more likely those are M8 (metric) than 3/8". Even assuming the threads do fit, you may want to consider a more robust solution. It appears these units, though small, are heavier than I would recommend mounting with only an adapter like this one; however if you used this only to retain the unit on a larger base, that should work. The stress on this adapter might break it or fail to hold your (expensive) satellite properly.
One thing you can try is to heat up it and unscrew. If it doesn't work, wrap it with something to protect the threads and use a pair of pliers to unscrew. If top of the adapter is high enough than 3/8 screw, use a kind of blade to use it as screw driver, using two notches. I hope this would be a help.
I don't know exactly what you like to do with this adapter to the pivoting mount, but this adapter can be put on a mic stand with 5/8 male thread, to make it 3/8 male thread, so that you can put a mount which has 3/8 female thread. The pivoting stand mount should have 5/8 female thread. If you want to put it on a mic stand with 3/8 male thread, an adapter should be included with AT2020 for that. Screw it to 3/8 male thread to change it to 5/8 male thread for the pivoting mount. Therefore, you may not need this adapter. I hope this helps.
Yes, this does adapt a stand to fit smaller microphone threadings.
From what I see you do NOT need this adaptor because the AT 2020 already comes with it.
Yes it should work fine. I use them all the time for my European senn 421 withe the 3/8 thread when I want to put it on a 5/8 mic stand or boom.
Short answer. Yes.
Question for you. Why would you need this for your M7 microphone? The M7 stand fitting should fit a 5/8"-27 mic stand without this adapter.
Yes. I just tried it on my iPhone5 voice memo. Wouldn't have thought of it if you hadn't asked. Obviously I disagree with Ben.
I don't own this microphone but I expect you're wrong; it is most likely powered by plug-in-power (phantom power is a different powering method used with XLR connectors), which is provided by many microphone inputs, including many PC inputs.
The ME-15 is not powered. It is a wired lapel mic for hands free recording.
Yes. It has a standard 2.5mm connection (mono). I have used it many times with a wireless transmitter.
This is a Mono microphone. What do you expect? .... solution for you, simply go to radio shack and get a mono to stereo jack adapter. Costs a couple of bucks. I purchased mine on-online.
Yes it will
Dennis, plug and play has to do with device that require some type of software. Mic are electrical mechanical -- So, all you do is plug them into the RCA SLOT (usually). Look for a RCA jack hole and plug it in.
My experience with DSLR cameras is that you need a mic with phantom power to be able to record directly into the camera. This mic will not work plugged straight into your Nikon.
No they do not, however a 3.5mm mono extension cord could be used. Some frequency loss could be experienced. Hope this helps.
You need a microphone with power, a battery, because I think that camcorder doesn't provide the necessary power. Google phantom power.
Yes has standard xlr. I use on an xf100 and xf305. great for the price
No, just the screw on and the foam cover.
You run this mic through something in between, like your camera, or a zoom h4, etc. Then use the headphone jack.
The Apogee One is fantastic. The Apogee Duet is even better.
You'll have to get one seperately.
i've been able to pick up sound up to as far as 20 feet of someone talking to another person. However, the noise will increase as well. outdoors, you'd be better off with a windfur or a blimp or a lav or a lav with fur. but this alone won't block wind. it just produces great sound quality, nice bass, balanced treble, compared to on-camera mics or cheaper mics. For even better results, i hear that the NTG3 works as good as the Senheiser 416, which is the minimum mic hollywood would use. then put the NTG3/416 in a blimp with fur on the blimp and that will be the best wind cutting system.
The mic can be powered by XLR through a source that's providing phantom power ( A camera ) or through a AA battery that goes into the mic directly by unscrewing the back of the mic.
It takes a slr cable input!!
The best way to connect to a computer is using a USB adapter like this http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00V5192XE then you will need a mini to xlrf cable. Please give us a call for detailed assistance 800-213-3021
Yes, but to get the best (and most effective) results, your best bet is to buy a preamp recorder. I went with the Zoom H4N. Without a preamp recorder, you will hardly notice a difference with just the Ntg-2 into the t3i, and the integrated built in mic. If you can, get the Zoom H4N!
yes, my package had two.
I think you would be able to us the new strap.
You might have to use a thinner washer on top of the strap to secure it on there.
I didn't install these on an acoustic. But based on my experience on 4 electric guitars, it'd be the same deal. Just reuse the original #6 screw if possible, otherwise, your might need to get a #8 screw from hardware store then modify the #8 screw as well as the Schaller strap pin. Let me know if you need more information regarding modification of #8 screw
http://www.amazon.com/Schaller-Security-Locks-Guitar-Strap/dp/B00E1P229W/ref=aag_m_pw_dp?ie=UTF8&m=A2FR0DVN03JT7J
The short screws are 1 3/64 of an inch in length and the thickness of the screw across the threads is 9/64ths of an inch, and between the threads it is ~ 1/8th of an inch, the longer screws have the same measurements except they are about half an inch longer
I don't see why not. I own 7 guitars , Fenders and Gibsons' Les Paul and Les Paul jr. They all have Schaller nickel Strap Locks. They are the easiest, most secure one I've found. I would not buy another.
No drilling required!
yes, just tried my blue yeti on the vertical and it fits. Same threading as boom arm. :) -JonOfAllGames
Yes! Simply unscrew the microphone from the default Blue Yeti base and then screw it onto the Mic Stand
Although we are using it for a podcast, the arm swings around so that you are not moving it all the time. But it is not heavy at all either. I am a woman and I move it all the time. Great microphone with excellent clarity. Hope this helps....
Five pounds would be a lot of weight for this stand. The boom will hold it, but if it's not balanced right you might have a problem. On the other hand. if you extended the boom directly over one of the tripod feet, it most likely wouldn't tip over. My recommendation is that if you have a five pound microphone, you should get a heavier stand than this one.
Hello M. Person. Unscrew the center clutch assembly all the way and pull up the screw collar. you should have a 2 plastic sleeves, the bottom piece which is about a inch long, should be sitting in the lower stand assembly about 3/4 of the way in. The second top collar which is about a 1/4 inch long should be sitting on top of the other one. If you don't see the top plastic ring check to see if it is lodged up in the screw collar. Try re seating the plastic rings and make sure not to cross thread the screw collar when tightening. Hope this helps.
Yes it will work. . It fits all of my Mic holders and shock Mounts
Hello Krystal! The answer is yes. You will need to purchase a microphone mount seperatly. On Stage does not provide one with your purchase. You can find a wide assortment of mounts right here on Amazon. Find a mount with a standard 5/8" thread. Hope this helps.
yes the blue snowball has a 5/8 thread on the bottom and the stand will support the weight of the mic i just receive the stand today and it works great
Black
yes it does. we have the yeti condenser mic and it works.
Not sure, but I am very happy with the ones I purchased. Sound doesn't crack at high levels great bass!
I've extended mine about 15 ft. Purchased a longer cable, RCA both ends, for $5 - $6. Could also have added another cable to the one supplied.
I use these same speakers on my dell computer for all my music as DVD move player, great sound. Also, I use these for my recording my accoustic guitar thru the computer. Well pleased with the balance of bass and treble. Does a excellent job for my needs.
Yes!! The electronics and controls are in the right speaker which is connected to the left by a single cable. Excellent sound quality.
I think it'll depend on your input to them. These speakers already have a built in amp with volume and tone controls so I don't think they'd work if you're sending them an amplified signal from a main board.
I'm sorry; I'm using them for computer speakers (they're really good) and know nothing about mixing. B
Only the cable connecting the two speakers.
I'm not sure. It may but possibly will need some type of amplification between the turntable and speakers. You might try contact Behringer support.
i,m not sure but i think you. would need some type of amplficatio between the speakers and the turntable.
Yes !!! The 3.5 means it'll plug into many devices.
We bought it to use in a studio theatre type venue. In a current play we are using it in the 50-60 foot range on a tri-pod. I think it could be used easily in the 79-80 foot range also.
Mine did not come with a stand. Also the iris in mine is not round when closing it, looks tear drop shaped. Going to return mine.
Yes
I have used a C Clamp that goes on a lighting stand e.g., T shaped light tree stand. The spotlight is quite heavy, thus you want to have stable stand; I hung other lights on the other side of the horizontal bar on the stand to balance the weight.
No. You need to buy an attachment for that. The color changer will make th front end very heavy.
Not sure about replacement bulb but we've had ours for several years and never needed to replace it.
No gobo holder
no
I don't know the lumens at 60 feet, but we used the projector in our church auditorium. The distance from the balcony to the stage is about 63+ feet, and the spot was bright, sharp, and still adjustable in size. And, yes, there are slots on the front for gels. I highly recommend this spot light.
No stand, but a desent light
NO - weighs a ton I wouldn't want to take to gigs plus it is bulky and takes up a lot of floor space. But I'm over 40 :)
This is quite a heavy-duty microphone I will warn you that the base is rather heavy depending on your type of work. A shotgun microphone or basically any microphone from what I can tell would need to be screwed on to the extension arm at the top the arm looks to be about 6 inches long. It has a very long extending boom in my opinion,
Definitely. It fits any standard microphone (and I've been using it with and sm7)
If you already have an amp, you'll need a 9V battery and possibly another guitar cable. Hope this helps-not a bad distortion pedal for the money.
If by daisy chain you mean stack these pedals with other drive/distortion/boost pedals for more gain, then yes. I've used this with the Fab OD1 stacked as well as with the distortions on a multi fx pedal and it worked well.
Sorry for the late response. Just tried it with a bass and bass amp. It's functional, there was some ground buzz when I turned the level up. Probably because of my setup. I don't know if you'll get that Metallica sound, but the pedal definitely works.
try this forum post, hope it helps! http://www.ultimate-guitar.com/forum/showthread.php?t=1539112
I think it will give you the sound you want. I used it on Avenged Seven Fold tunes
No you may want to buy a 12v adapter but that's easy to find from anywhere. Anyone should fit. You will need a 9v battery for now but that's it. They don't last long so I bought an adapter after
Go on YouTube and watch a couple demo videos because it make a story of different settings. You could probably achieve your fuzz sound if you want. For specifics watch a couple videos
It's the same shape grill, so it should be fine.
Not sure, but I have two connected to the system.
Yes shure it is , bought a brand new j6 system and opened it up " MADE IN CHINA"
The size denotes the frequency band the model uses. Examples are: Frequency Band Name: H5 Tuneable Frequency Range (MHz): (24 MHz) 518-542. Tuneable Frequency Range (U.S. UHF TV Channel): 22-25. Frequency Spacing: 25kHz increments. Number of channels: 960. Maximum Number of Compatible Channels per Band: 12. Frequency Band Name: J3 Tuneable Frequency Range (MHz): (24 MHz) 572-596. Tuneable Frequency Range (U.S. UHF TV Channel): 31-34. Frequency Spacing: 25kHz increments. Number of channels: 960. Maximum Number of Compatible Channels per Band: 12. Frequency Band Name: L4 Tuneable Frequency Range (MHz): (24 MHz) 638-662. Tuneable Frequency Range (U.S. UHF TV Channel): 42-45. Frequency Spacing: 25kHz increments. Number of channels: 960. Maximum Number of Compatible Channels per Band: 12. Hope it helps.
It's the same shape grill, so it should be fine.
Not sure, but I have two connected to the system.
Yes shure it is , bought a brand new j6 system and opened it up " MADE IN CHINA"
The size denotes the frequency band the model uses. Examples are: Frequency Band Name: H5 Tuneable Frequency Range (MHz): (24 MHz) 518-542. Tuneable Frequency Range (U.S. UHF TV Channel): 22-25. Frequency Spacing: 25kHz increments. Number of channels: 960. Maximum Number of Compatible Channels per Band: 12. Frequency Band Name: J3 Tuneable Frequency Range (MHz): (24 MHz) 572-596. Tuneable Frequency Range (U.S. UHF TV Channel): 31-34. Frequency Spacing: 25kHz increments. Number of channels: 960. Maximum Number of Compatible Channels per Band: 12. Frequency Band Name: L4 Tuneable Frequency Range (MHz): (24 MHz) 638-662. Tuneable Frequency Range (U.S. UHF TV Channel): 42-45. Frequency Spacing: 25kHz increments. Number of channels: 960. Maximum Number of Compatible Channels per Band: 12. Hope it helps.
It should work ok but Cobra will be the best to answer this question. They are good with responses and should respond quickly... regards
I used this to extend the reach on my cb radio since I could not mount the all-in-one radio close to the power supply. You do need it in-line to do the SWR test since it is longer than 3 feet.
No your 19DXIV has a 4 pin connector, and the AC7024 has a 5 pin connector for the 75 WXST hand held cb.
I don't know exactly how long are the strings but they are long enough to fit my Danelectro Baritone Guitar which I think is a 30" scale or at least is very close to that. I think it should fit fine.
I have these strings on a non baritone Schecter Hellraiser Deluxe set up and tuned to B Standard tuning. It is absolutely amazing to play and sounds incredible. I took my guitar to a reputable luthier and guitar technician to get it professionally set up with the baritone strings about 2 years ago and it still plays wonderfully.
we do sell Nylon strings. you can do a search for our store on amazon, and you would be able to find them there. Hope that helps.
These are very good strings. I put them on a Hellcat VI, which has a 30' scale, when I wanted to use it as a true baritone. Looking at Ernie Ball baritone strings, they are 13-72, as where these are 14-68. I doubt you would have to make any permanent mods to the nut or bridge to use these. I hope this helps. Cheers!
It should work with any guitar that has strap studs. These are the little chrome knobs at the bottom and usually the top of the guitar body. You must have 2 studs to use this strap.
The strap is adjustable. I think it should work, but can't say for sure on someone that small.
There are two - (2) sides to a guitar strap. One side has a buckle that you can use to adjust the length of the strap to your "size". The end with the buckle should be attached to the strap button located at the base of the guitar. The other end of the strap should attach to the strap button at or near where the guitar neck meets the guitar body. If you are playing an acoustic guitar with no strap button in this location, take a short piece of string and run it through the hole on the strap. Then run the string through the area above the nut and before the first set of tuning pegs at the head of the guitar. You can tie the strap to the neck of the guitar at the headstock by tying a knot into the string. Hope this helps.
I could possibly see a young teen using it, but I think it's too big for anyone under (probably) age 13. I don't know that it would go small enough to properly fit a small kid.
Yes, why didn't you ask amazon? They also answer these type questions. I like the strap it fits snug.
That is 1 solution for you and should work fine. I purchased an endpin from my music shop and drilled the guitar on the heel but if you do not wish to drill your instrument use the strap butt.
The guitar has buttons. Then your ready to go
Definitely, no.
It should fit just fine. Its a decent durable strap.
I think so, it has the adjustable buckle. But it depends if your mandolin has the knots so you can fit the strap on it! Hope this helps!!
No "BUT" all outputs are ground isolated from the chassis so a "lift" switch is not necessary when using this.
Yes, the input signal, regardless of connector used, is present on all outputs. http://artproaudio.com/downloads/specsheets/ss_dti.pdf
Yes it acts like a normal DI in that way.
It certainly should. This unit is nothing more than an isolation transformer... signal goes in on one side (input) and comes out 1:1 on the output. The only thing you might notice is a little bit of low frequency loss, but you can compensate with EQ. I hope this helps.
I would say no... As THAT is a machinical source. It is only designed for what is know as "ground loop" hum. This is when a mixing board, let's say, and a guitar amplifier are hook up with a resulting HUM from the differences in voltages between the two. Hope that helps.
The correct order would be turntable--&gt;preamp---&gt;DTI. Be sure to eliminate hum from phono cartridge wires running too close to TT motor. Also be sure to plug TT and preamp into the same outlet/power strip. Use quality RCA shielded cables and not some old RCA unshielded cables used for some cheap speakers.
The product didn't work for me. I found the source of 60 cycle the old fashioned way by isolating it. I wouldn't recommend this product.
yes, as long as you use the same input and output channel.
I have not used this unit with anything requiring phantom power, but since this is technically an isolation transformer, I would anticipate that the phantom power supply would also be isolated between the input and output, and thus the phantom power would NOT pass through this unit.
Hello, Here is some info for you to better determine: Interior Dimensions Body Length: 18.75 " Body Height: 3.00 " Lower Bout Width: 12.75 " Middle Bout Width: 12.75 " Upper Bout Width: 12.75 " Overall Length: 40.00 " - See more at: http://www.gatorcases.com/p/16107-1010/gw-elect-vin#sthash.LEELch07.dpuf use promo code during checkout with us for an extra 5% savings: APHE4D4V thanks.
The Maurader is an oddly shaped guitar, so I wouldn't count on it fitting snugly in this case. It would likely move around. Nothing a little bit of creativity and leftover gym shorts can't fix.
No. PRS guitars are typically wider than the Fender style solid-bodies these cases are made for. However, Gator does make the GWE-ELEC-WIDE (Standard Black) and GW-ELEC-WIDE (Deluxe Brown) models that will fit PRS and similar solid-body guitars.
This should help you decide if it fits, let us know how else we can help. Interior Dimensions Body Length: 18.75 " Body Height: 3.00 " Lower Bout Width: 12.75 " Middle Bout Width: 12.75 " Upper Bout Width: 12.75 " Overall Length: 40.00 " - See more at: http://www.gatorcases.com/p/16107-1010/gw-elect-vin#sthash.celk8gi7.dpuf
No. There is are two specific Gator case models that fit Jazzmasters and Jaguars in both Standard Wood (GWE-JAG) and Deluxe Wood (GW-JAG). http://www.amazon.com/Gator-Jaguar-Guitar-Deluxe-GW-JAG/dp/B004PXOB26/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1386014167&sr=8-1&keywords=GW-JAG http://www.amazon.com/Gator-GWE-JAG-Electric-Guitar-Bag/dp/B004MW5B9W/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1386014182&sr=8-1&keywords=GWE-JAG Let me know if there is anything else I can help you with. Cheers, - Jeff
yes it is quite adjustable
Yes. It's adjustable.
I don't believe it would fit a 14" viola. I have a 16" and it is set on the smallest setting. Perhaps one for a full size violin might work.
Yep
Yes. My daughter uses it with her 16-inch viola.
Hello. I believe this would be too big for a 12 inch viola. I think it is made for 15-17 inch full size violas.
Hello. I use this shoulder rest on a 16" adult viola and it is set to almost the smallest adjustment so I don't think this will work for a smaller viola.
Yes, it should fit 14" or bigger. Definitely a 15".
Unfortunately, we are unable to ship any of our Amazon orders outside of the United States.
Unfortunately, we are unable to ship any of our Amazon orders outside of the United States.
We bought it for a 15-1/2". Great product!
Fully extended, the lip of the table is 52" high. I'm a six-footer and it's plenty high for me. Great stand. Best one out there (I have the "heavy duty, not the extra heavy or lightweight duty--it's a good balance between weight and sturdiness). Get the case. It's durable, fits well and very convenient
The 10810 provides an opportunity for taller players to maintain a comfortable, professional practice posture. Those who must use a heavier binder/notebook for multiple pages of music rather than just a few sheets will find a difference between the two models.
19.25" x 4" x 2.25"
Yes, this is a very heavy duty stand.
21 inches
No.
3.9 lbs.
Yes, it is strong enough.
One piece -it telescopes.
There is a hole that you could put a key ring through. And it comes with a clip with a wrist strap (or there is one on mine that I believe came with it). The device works well. However, I admit that I've gone back to a combination of old-fashioned analog, wind-powered pitch pipe, and iPhone pitch-pipe apps. I find the tiny keys on the Farleys Pocket Tones a bit too small for my fingers and hard to press at times. Good luck.
Yes, it is on the back. The earlier model did not have one, and they added it as an upgrade. Still, if you mash all the buttons at once, repeatedly, you will break it, so, I have made a little case for mine out of an Altoids box...Happy, happy!
Kathy - I sing with a Sweet Adelines chorus, and for most of us barbershoppers, the women usually use C to C pipes while the men usually use F to F pipes. Many in our chorus have this pocket tones C to C and find it very useful.
This tuner work very good, we use it in our choir and it works very good.
yes.
I have used these pitch pipes for years, but only as an a capella singer. I believe it's at 440, but I don't have enough of a professional musical background to be more than 80% confident in that answer.
It would depend on what the child would be using it for. Can the child match pitches? Why would you want a nine year old to use this? Is it for tuning the voice, an instrument, finding a starting tone, or perhaps for some other purpose?
You need to have a microphone preamp and an xlr cable. You can interface this microphone with a pc by using one of the many usb audio interfaces available today such as the focusrite 2i2 or the tascam us122. There are a ton of options.
Yes. also doors and furnitures.
The mic doesn't connect directly to the stand, it's the shock mount the one you use on a regular stand (the pop filter is attachable to any stand); connector: with a (female) XLR connector to the mic and the other end depends of your audio interface (may be male XLR or a phone connector type)
My experience is that it is a great recording mic. It was not meant for live performances as the design is sensitive to movement hence the rubber suspension holding mechanism to reduce vibrations. Good Luck.
Yes it does, basically you will need a microphone phantom power for the microphone to work in the first place then however you decide to conect it to the pc is up to you you can plug it with a 9ml jack straight into your sound card or you can buy a FireWire or USB "recommend FireWire less lag" soundboard which will already have a ghost powered port for microphone hope that helps
Hi, If you refer to the XLR cable connexion, it's male, any regular XLR cable will work on it, just remember that this mic needs pantom power, hope this info works for you.
It comes with all you need, as long and you have a ghost powered sound board that is and as far as screws if u mean the one to screw it on to the tripod no , the one that came with it didn't fit my proposal I had to buy one separately
glad you asked that. you need too much. soo much i dont even know. I never got it working, had to stick with my original. Make sure you get one with a usb if its for garageband. Other than that you need a whole program.
It does not. I had to purchase the stand and usb adapter separately. Along with a phantom power adapter.
Yes. For begginers or home studios works pretty good. Nice and clear
Yes, it will. I have a Fender acoustic and an Ibanez electric bass hanging on this wall mount just fine.
Not off hand just bring it to the hardware store with you and they can help
Other than the base looks the same to me except the wood base has 2 screws and the other one has 3. One word of caution, use drywall anchors from lowes or Home Depot rated for 79 lbs. do not use the crappy screws that come with it. Give it a little yank test before you trust your guitar to it. Not to test the hanger but to test your wall and hanging skills. Really wood or no wood it should work the same.
I have used my Hercules for a uke and it fits pretty well. (Maybe a hair wide, but doable.) The only thing I have ever seen the Hercules struggle with, but it still works, is a 12 string or a classical guitar. I now have my uke on a standard String Swing, which will not support a classical (2 inch neck). That works great and is a little cheaper, but NOT as secure in the least.
I have four. The American Fender Stratocaster it is 4.25 inches from wall to the closest tuning peg. My Gibson SG and Les Paul ( the headstock is angled) is closer to 3.5". I hope this helps.
The width of the neck oepning is foam padded and 2 and 1/4 inches. So while your neck is undoubtedly more narrow than that, it depends on the head of the instrument and wether or not it will rest on the pads. The only othervthing I might mention is the guards which pull down and hold the instrument from falling out are spring loaded and pull doan from the weight of the instrument. I would think a banjo or a mandolin would weigh enough to trip the levers....not sure about a violin. But I think a violin is too narrow at the neck and head, anyway. Greg
It's a mount... It holds it away from the wall so the bottom won't hit
Yes they do.... but... I installed it without anchors and it has been awesome... no issues.
I don't know
There is a nut built into the wood block and you must turn the metal part in until it is tight. Have 2 of them now and both work great.
6 ft I think
Yes.
This motor runs on any wall plug. 110 (AC).
Product weights less than a pound .. But 5 pounds is max load you hang from the motor...
No, the top and ceiling interface is flat and metal which encases a much smaller than overall diameter motor. The motor is a sealed metal disc (visually equivalent to a round enclosure tape measure.) I used 1 inch drywall screws and the assemvly mounted perfectly. My reason for disassembling is due to a noisy motor. I sprayed lubricant hut only helped temporarily. I am looking to replace for the third time because of noisy motors. I will try to find a more expensive one having different motor design.
46 Inches
Yes
Hello Frisco! I honestly dont know the answer to this question. We have a 12" ball that is super duper light but I'm fairly certain that is could have handled a larger ball if i was light. Hope that helps!
If you are an electrician you can probably do this, yes. I have not tried it, so I can't say for sure. I do know that Home Depot sells a screw in socket adapter that converts the bulb socket to a wall outlet plug so you can plug in an electrical device, like this one. Good luck with your project.
Yes it works OK with a uke (just tried it) , but it does have that bow attachment that would be rendered useless.
The legs stay in place unless you put pressure on them to move them so there is no problem with the legs collapsing.
As small as I could get it to compact, (you have to rotate the top of the part that pulls in so it won't stick out so much), is (as best I can measure), about 13 7/8 in tall by just under 11 in deep by 3 1/4 in wide. It MIGHT be 1/8" under the 11" but the way it does it's really hard to tell.
Yes it will work
This stand holds my violins and mandolins. It might fit a viola but not a cello. I recommend you to see whether they make a larger one. I find it rugged enough for my purposes and am quite satisfied with it.
Oh, I see where the confusion is...the stand is adjustable and fits a violin OR a viola.
Rosebud
I am not familiar with Blue snowball but this thing is pretty strong. I would guess it is strong enough & the price is great.
You must have the proper clip. All clips fit this boom.
This boom is meant to be screwed onto a mic stand. Get a desktop mic stand to use with it. The opposite end will need a mic clip to hold the microphone.
Yes, it says "On Stage Stands" in white on the knob itself. This item stopped my heavy Shure 55SH Elvis Presley type mic from slipping since the teeth grip each other with the tightening knob.
The one that I received from Amazon is not like in the photo. Mine has a small round knob on the extension. The knob at the elbow looks to be like the photo. I don't have any complaints about it.
Yes
Easily. I have 5 up on my wall holding 3 full size, a 3/4 and a 1/2 size violin. I just squeezed the 2 points together about 1/2 an inch smaller. Absolutely secure. Regards
I didn't have these when we had our last earthquake a few years ago but I'd say your instrument would be safe even during a high magnitude quake. However, I would advise to either pad the wall or back of your instrument (I leave the shoulder rest on my violin and viola) as the Hanger holds your instrument out about an inch from the wall. Swinging during an a quake could be damaging.
I'm assuming you measured the full body of the viola. The size is measured by the fingerboard I think. There's a chart I found on Google. Size 17" is a 27" viola, approximately. It should hang from this product just fine.
Greetings I'm not familiar with the sizing of Violins; I don't know what 1/16 means so far as size. I know the violin I bought to put up for display is a smaller children's instrument. I measured the width of the neck of my violin at the neck's end where the tuning pegs are. Mine measures one inch in width. The head where the tuning pegs are is wider than the end of the neck. My violin sits very well in the V-notch of the string swing mount. I have not had any issues at all with the instrument coming off or falling. It does not hang by the tuning pegs so there is no stress on any part of the instrument that could warp it over time. I've had mine hanging for more than a half year and not one problem. There's a an extension of one of the forks (you can see it in the picture) for hanging the bow with the violin. For the money, the hanger was actually perfect. Good Luck!
Greetings, I don't know what the 1/8 and 1/4 means on violins. I just went down to my music room to look at the violin I hung and the string swing hanger. The end of the neck of my violin (right below the head where the tuning pegs are) is 1" wide. The V- notch on my string swing (where the violin neck will rest) cradles the neck well. I have not had any issues with the instrument slipping out or falling. If you take a measuring tape, and the end of the neck of your children's instruments as described above is 1" or more, you should not have any issues. Even if the neck is a little less than 1" (i.e. 7/8" etc), I still think the 'V' notch on the string swing will hold it. The head where the tuning pegs are is wider than the end of the neck and should keep your instruments from slipping out. You can always try one and see if it works for you. I really don't think it will be an issue though. Good Luck!!
Unfortunately, on this Amazon Standard Identification Number (ASIN) there is no guarantee on what wood color you may receive. Its a circumstance that we as a Seller have no control over due to the way this original ASIN was set-up long ago. If you want a specific color and all of them to match, type these ASIN (numbers) in the search field on Amazon depending on which wood you want: B00HXMOBW6 for Cherry, B00CRQ0AD2 for Oak, B005ZOF2W2 for Ash and B00F1WLBTG for Black Walnut. String Swing hangers are proudly made in the USA and guaranteed for life when you buy from an Authorized Retailer like EZPICKN, unfortunately some of the Sellers on Amazon are not. Its simple to protect yourself, simply go to the store locator at the String Swing website to verify you are buying from an Authorized Retailer. Your Friends at EZPICKN
I don't know but my guess would be no as the neck of a cello is much larger than that of violin. Also, the cello is a lot heavier so you would need to have a pretty solid wall to hang it anywhere. I think it would be better to get a floor stand like: http://www.amazon.com/Ingles-Adjustable-Cello-Bass-Stand/dp/B002Q0WSOI/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1390678561&sr=8-1&keywords=cello+stand Good luck! Glen
Not that I'm aware of. There isn't really anything that we have that will grow with you as the sizes are already set.
The unit is strong and can be mounted solidly to a wall or similar. The V-shaped neck is tapered so a full size violin sets right against the rear mount so I think it will hold a cello but check the difference in neck size to be sure. I hope this helps Natasha
I had oak. They are very uniform. I have totally 8 hangers, only one was in different color, and that one was ordered alone much later, and I didn't specify the color. It's installed in my downstairs living room, separate from others which are installed upstairs. So it didn't matter. All my units are in oak. They look similar to what's in the picture. I didn't know they had walnut, maple & cherry, but I did want to avoid different shades. They turned out pretty good. Thanks for the asking. Good luck!
No, you get only 1. I bit on that very thing. The picture shows 2. Thought that was what I was getting. Certainly is misleading.
It's the MXL603 single mic. MXL603s is the stereo pair.
No. The cases are injection mold plastic. It comes with pop filter mic clip.
It can be used alone without issue. This style of microphone is also suited for stereo pairs. It's a small diaphram mic & they do great in pairs as a result but by itself or in conjunction with an other mic you'll get good results.
No, this is not an I-lok. This is used to authorize Arturia, Cubase and a few other applications. It WILL NOT hold ILok or ILOK2 licenses.
No. You will have to get a USB card for your computer if it is a desk top. Yet, if you have a lap top, you will have to get a printer port to USB converter. It only runs on a USB 2.0 port. The drivers only work on USB 2.0 too. If you have a desk top you can just buy a card and put it in a slot on your mother board. But, I am not sure if Steinberg is still servicing 3.6 with patches and updates. You should just get the new Cubase Elements 7.5 and try to get a USB 2.0 converter box for your computer. I wouldn't waste your time on 3.6. It may not even work, because you have to activate it on the internet. They may not even recognize it, because it is really old. So, they may not even activate it for you on the intenet. I think they are only servicing back to 5 or maybe 6.
Yes
I'm not sure about Cubase. I use it for my Arturia VST plugins and it allows me to have access to them on both my desktop and laptop, given the drive is plugged in. I assume it's a similar situation for your DAW (Cubase). As far as I know, if you only need access to Cubase on one computer, then you shouldn't need the Steinberg Key. It's meant for transferring the licensing from one platform to another.
No
I use the same one to switch between a Mac laptop and PC desktop. What's the question?
Hi: this license tool is for products like Vienna Symphonic Library, Arturia and Steinberg. Pro Tools requires an iLok. Now, if you have the iLok for Pro Tools, you can have this eLicenser for VSL, Arturia and others plugins and both can coexist and work really well. I have it working in Pro Tools 10 and 11.
Yes it does, I currently run Cubase 7.5 with my key.
I would go with the Gator case Marco. Thanks.
I think it's ATA approved, not as a carry on, but in checked baggage, sure, it's a good case.
We only ship via FedEx Eddie. Thanks.
It fits my mesa triple rectifier which is 25.5" with room to spare.
Yes. It fits most marshall heads. It works great for my JCM 900.
Not enough to worry about. The case comes with padding that you can place anywhere you want inside the case (backed with sticky tape - peel off and stick). And you do want some pressure against the amp so it doesn't move around inside the case during transport.
I don't know. I had to order several harp tuning tools until I found one that would fit my harp. Is it possible for you to return the tools that don't fit. Could you speak with the manufacturer of the harp to find out what size tuning tool would fit your harp? That's all I can suggest. I'm sorry.
I bought this for my daughter. The cylindrical metal piece is 4.5 cm, or 45mm. The top/ opening of the peg is square shaped with a side of 5mm or 1/2 cm. hope this helps.
I solved my problem by taking my harp to a big hardware store and purchased a small hand wrench that it the pegs. For around $1.00. Works perfectly. I had my harp right there to fit the tuning pegs perfectly. So simple!
It looks like it should work, the pegs on my Oscar Schmidt are square, so the tool end should fit a square peg.
3mm. I use it to tune my dulcimer.
It is AC, not DC. But you can get an inexpensive power inverter and plug it in that way.
Hi James, I'm Jordan. First off I need to clarify which harbinger PA system you have, if it's the 60W or the 120W, I would use the main insert on the back of the mixer and connect a stereo 1/4 Inch Jack to split 1/4 mono jacks, then connect those to the left/mono input and output on the back of the lexicon. Hope that helps. Jordan
Yes
I haven't yet. I was gonna try that this week. I have Pro Tools So I am guessing it won't be easy. I will let you know how it worked for me...
The only connections on the back of the MX200 are 1/4" Analogue ins and outs, a midi in/out, S/PDIF in & out, and a USB port. Since the Boss BR1200 has all of those connections also, you pretty much just need to get whichever cabling that you prefer. Myself, I use the 1/4" Analogue ins and outs because I still do my recording in the analogue realm, then mix down to digital. If you want true digital, then the midi in/out, S/PDIF in/out, or the USB port would be your best bet. The Lexicon MX200 also comes with a CD to install the unit via USB cable to the recorder itself, to where you can use the MX200 like a virtual effect. Hope this helps.
Not designed for that however if you have a effects send and return you can use on all channels. Also if you only have effects send or signal out you can rout bac into a channel input then control amount on each channel via channel efx
No
That kinda depends on what exactly you are asking. The American version uses a 9volt ac adapter, i.e. 9 volts ac into the unit from the adapter plugged into a 120v wall outlet. If you want to plug the adapter into a 230v wall outlet, you must use a 230v to 9v ac adapter which can be found on Ebay, etc. Just make sure it is the right amperage and is 9 volt ac, not DC. Or you can order a version made for foreign countries that uses 230 volt wall plugs, but I would imagine the unit would be printed in that language. Best advice would be to contact Lexicon support to find your best option.
Yes
I want to answer your question. However your question does not make much sense. I am unclear what you mean by Tascam DP. I also do not understand what this effects processor unit has to do with phantom power. If you could give me a little more information on what you are looking for I would love to try to help you...
For the most part, if you don't know the difference it probably won't matter to you. I obsessed over the same question and still have the message board I bookmarked when I was researching http://www.polkaudio.com/forums/archive/index.php/t-42977.html Have fun with whatever you're doing.
If my memory is good, a 9 volt batterie or ac adapter. Gave it as a gift and got a bigger one for me.
Ya, 4 mics or 3 mics and an iPhone to play music. Plug it into stereo and u have 4 Channels to do what u wnt with.
This is strictly a mixer, and not an amp.
We've used one for two hours a month for the last year and have not had to change the battery.
This unit runs off of a 9V battery. The battery compartment is on the bottom, and it is not shown in the photo. You could also connect an external battery via a cable to the same jack where you would connect an AC adaptor. I own one of these so I am sure this is correct.
No. Any 12v DC adapter will do the job, if the polarity is right. I was using one from my batch of wall adapters around the house. power adapters add noise, though, to this mixer. It is not a clean mixer by any stretch. I purchased the Behringer XENYX502 for 45 (free shipping at Amazon). It is dead silent, wall powered and worth the extra 15 bucks by miles! Used it live for large shows over very powerful sound systems for over a couple thousand people. The berringer performed perfectly. Wishing you well.
The inputs/outputs are 1/4" mono jacks, the type used on a guitar. This mixer does not have XLR inputs.
This mixer does not have XLR jacks, so I doubt it would work at all.
Yes it will work. The great thing about this is that you can switch the device between mono & stereo
No it does not.
It doesn't come with an AC/DC adapter because one capable of supplying the DC current without a 50hz or 100hz background tone would probably cost more than the mixer itself. I got a cheap adapter because I can live with the tone, it's not noticeable on my recordings and the advantages of a mixer over my old setup make it well worth it. The AC tone can be minimized by maxing out the input signal gain to just below overload. In terms of input connectors, if your plugs aren't 1/4" you will need 3.5mm&gt;1/4" jack adapters. I got a full set while waiting for this to arrive. If you plan on using it in mono mode I recommend getting stereo&gt;mono jack adapters for any stereo sources you want to put in, as otherwise you can lose one side of the stereo signal.
This mixer is for line-level signals, I don't think it will work with microphones or hi-z elements. One option is to use active microphones (or amplify your microphones signal) or to use a mixer like the seismic audio slider series or those that accept hi-z instruments and microphones. I could be wrong btw.
It has up to four stereo channels total. You can mix in eight individual component inputs only if they're mono. Basically, two sources (times four) will be preamped together, but that shouldn't be a problem, since all eight have their separate volume controls. Keep in mind that these are strictly line inputs; therefore, they might not produce enough gain for use of a microphone (if that's a consideration), unless you connect it through a mic preamp.
yes. that's right.
I would think so. It is well made and a good price for good quality.
Ours was not. It came looking more mahogany. Not what we expected, but still really good looking.
99.9% of electric guitars and basses will have a quarter inch output jack that connects them to an amplifier via a standard 1/4" male to 1/4" male guitar cable. So this bass is no different.
It's a standard 4 string bass with single pick ups
I'm not sure what you mean by a standard warranty. There is nothing additional other than the usual that you can return it to Amazon if it is defective.
No, but I found one online for 40 bucks. But this is a great playing bass . I put GHS flat wound black nylon strings on it. Plays like butter, and sounds like an upright. Looks great on it too. Pickup is not the " hottest ", but works for me A great bass for guitar players.
No strap
It doesn't come with extra strings. Bass strings last longer than guitar strings. I changed the original round-wound strings for some GHS Black Nylon Tape Wounds, to give is a sound more like a stand-up bass. Plus they look really cool on this bass. No cable is included.
I have found that it isn't a particular style, but rather in what is required by way of tuning. If your are tuned to an E standard no problem, but Eb or drop D then you might have an issue with the pickup.
You can order 3rd party machine heads from Amazon, Musican's Friend, ect. and install them yourself or you can contact dean support. If you want to pay to shipping to their warehouse then they will probably fix it. That being said, shipping a bass is expensive and replacing them yourself or having you local guitar store do it will be easier, faster and cheaper.
It is 14 inches, including the handle.
yes a sturdy clear one - i use thisweekly to conduct my church choir
I am fairly certain the shaft is wood.
Measure from the crook of your elbow to the tip of your middle finger. Baton should be close to, but not longer than, that length.
I'm sorry, I don't know. I sent it as a gift.
They fit a standard sized set so they should fit but they might be a little big on the smaller drums. I have 22, 16, 14, 13 and 12" drums and they fit fine.
Yes they do. That is what I have 2 sets in.
Hard to say. I can get a 14x24 bass in the 14x22 case so there is a little extra room in them.
I'am using Beato pro bags with my Pearl kit my bass drum is 22x18 as well, it does fit well. I did put a thin foam in it though just to have extra protection for my shell, but it fits,might be loose for some but for me it is perfectly fitted for my bass drum and Im happy with it
fit 5.5 x 14 snare, 16 x 16 floor tom and 9 x 13 tom very well. looso fit on 14 x 22 base drum
Fits my drum set very well with a small amount of free space, 14, 12, 13, 16, 22
They are standard and fit a snare, 12", 13" tom, 16" floor tom, and a 22" bass drum.
Yep i buy this first and mi toms are 8, 10, 12 and was very bigggg for me and then i have to return it and buy the dmc500fsm and that was for 8, 10, 12 toms and are also a litter more bigger. So thhis one can fix it to your set and may be u have a little bit of space extra. Hope my answer help bye bye god bless
14 x 14 will not fit, case is aprox 14 x 12.
There are six strings, for exact replacement of your current strings on your guitar.
I personally use Martin SPs lights. I find them reasonably easy playing and I like the sound. Mediums would sound louder but are harder to play. Martin makes a silk and steel string that is supposed to be easier to play than standard strings. They also have a new string out they call flexible core that bends easier and is also supposed to be easier on the fingers. I've not used either kind so couldn't say from personal experience, but I think they'd be worth a try, especially if ease of playing is your goal and not maximum volume. I find the lights are a nice compromise.
Tough question. I think I'd go with the mediums if you play some lead or strum hard, bluegrass style lead to drown out the banjo a bit. For strumming, folk style, or fingerpicking, go with the light mediums. Be aware that changing the gauge of the strings can affect the bow of the neck, so you might have to have it reset -- simple adjustment of truss rod-- if you change from what gauge strings you currently have on.
.0125 .0165 .0255 .0335 .0435 .055 They are Martin's MSP 4150
Phospher bronze are fairly even toned. No extreme highs or lows Nice and even
I would personally use 11 starting on e first string. Which would be about a medium. 12's are ok but if you barr chord or bend notes they're kind of heavy. Hope this helps.
Are they full body guitars? I prefer Medium gauge strings for a full body guitar...if you pick a lot, light gauge are more flexible for bending. Light or Medium gauge strings should be okay on the fingers. Remember that the more you play the harder you build the callouses on the fingers putting pressure on the strings. Hope this helps. :)
It is different. Because it is plastic it has a "plastic" taste to it, and for me one of the wholes doesn't play to full strength. For the money(if you were considering buying the set) it's worth it. But the metal one is overall better.
When a harmonica leaks air, it not only takes more wind, it is not putting the air where it belongs. It's a mark of poor craftsmanship. If you hear air get a different harmonica.
This item ships to: United States Canada Antigua and Barbuda Aruba Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belize Bermuda Bolivia Brazil Brunei Darussalam Cambodia Cayman Islands Chile China Colombia Costa Rica Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador French Guiana Grenada Guadeloupe Guatemala Honduras Hong Kong India Indonesia Israel Jamaica Japan Jordan Kuwait Maldives Martinique Mexico Montserrat New Zealand Nicaragua Oman Pakistan Panama Paraguay Peru Philippines Qatar Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saudi Arabia Singapore South Africa South Korea Sri Lanka Taiwan Thailand Trinidad and Tobago Turks and Caicos Islands United Arab Emirates
G, A, Bb, C, D, E, and F.
Yes, It includes keys A, B, C, D, E, F, G.
from what I've read I guess there diatonic ...there blow and draw harmonicas the great harmonicas for the price... :)
These are made in China. I have played "marine band" harmonicas all my life and I prefer them to any other brand. When I saw this set offered on "Amazon", I just had to order this set considering the price of one here in Canada. Anyhow, I ended up ordering two of these sets. I'm not a blues player but to me they sound good and I'm pleased with them. If you order them, I hope you enjoy 'em. Regards, Bob P. ........Ontario Canada.
China
No it doesn't.
China
If you're sure you have the polarity right on the cartridge, that's about all there is to it. Check the connections, make sure the terminals are all mating snugly etc. ...was this working at all before? You got to have a phono input or preamp, turntables aren't strong enough by themselves, but you probably know this.
Yes, this cartridge is secure to the headshell via two screw through the top. It is a standard half inch mount (as opposed to a p-mount which would have 4 prongs that plug into the tonearm laterally).
if the 502 has a 1/2" cartridge such as a a Shure mounted already,it should be relatively easy. If your 502 has an OEM cartridge it's a lucky break if it's fitted with its own cartridge holder and even luckier if you can find the spare plastic cartridge holder and pre mount your AT 3600 (word of advice: remove styli)
Yes I hope that needle will fit ! But the better solution is replace the whole cartridge 250xe with at3600 ! Then it will fits with your turntable 100% !
Yes it does, however, I didn't actually use this cartridge as I decided to just get a new turntable anyway as my old one had repairs that were needed that were outside of my expertise. But yes it does come with a needle.
The grover tuners have closed backs.
The origin of this stuff?
According to Washburn the instrument does have a limited lifetime warranty providing you register within ten days of purchasing. The warranty covers defects arising from materials and workmanship and you must pay to get the instrument to them. It does not cover abuse or normal wear and tear (like strings wearing out) Any defects in materials or workmanship will likely show up very soon after purchase if they are going to show up at all. The warranty does not cover things that should not be done to any instrument ever...like leaving it in the trunk of your car. I purchased my uke because of all the positive reviews I read and it has not disappointed me. If it got damaged tomorrow I would look for the same make and model again. It is a quality instrument at an entry level price.
This one is an alto c
I bought without a carrying case. So, delivery was by means of a specially made paper 'box'.
The care and maintenance instructions say that "excessive heat and low humidity are your instruments biggest enemies. Keep your Oscar Schmidt on a stand or in its case with humidifier in well tempered area." On the other hand, the warranty states "this warranty does not cover ... cracking from extremes of temperature or humidity...." This is a well-made instrument. The wood has been properly prepared before finishing, so I really doubt there will be any problem with the neck warping. I took a cheaper uke I have to Taiwan where the humidity is very high. After five years, it was still in its original condition. So balance these items and make a decision. If I were you, I'd go for it.
No
I have not had that problem. Seems you should return it.
This ukulele is special because I gave it to my daughter. She loves it. It sounds great. It is a reasonably priced ukulele that has a wonderfully rich sound for the price. I would have no problem recommending this.
Yes, we do ship to France. Shipping should calculate at checkout. If you have trouble, navigate to our website. Thank you!
I took the banjo to the local music store, bought the bridge and had them install it. I understand that it's relatively simple after you have been playing awhile, but I am completely new at this. Placement of the bridge affects tone and tuning. It only cost $12.00 total and well worth it.
It did not come with one. I bought one on Amazon for about $40.
Closed body.
Yes , we do carry a lefthanded version of this guitar, (Oscar Schmidt LEFT HAND 5-String Banjo, Mahogany Resonator, Remo Head, OB5LH ). Hope this helps.
mlne did and was set close to right
Yes the resonator is removable.
I don't know but that sounds logical.
No case.
I bought it for my husband who is a beginner and it is perfect for him, I don't know if it was made in the U.S.
It is a flat head,any good music store should be able to get you one.
Yes. It's a fully functioning pre-amp.
If your TV has stereo inputs to hook up an audio device like a FM tuner or tape deck or other RCA jack sound inputs, the answer is YES.
I have not tried hooking RCA jacks to headphones to the ART DJPRE II using an adapter. If impedance matching becomes an issue, you could have problems. You might want to take a look at the ART USB Phono Plus that already has built in headphone output jack as well as other connection options. I know I really love my ART DJPRE II and if the ART USB Phono Plus is the next step up, it should work great.
If you have powered speakers, then yes. If not, you will need to run this straight to a power amp and then to speakers that are compatible with that power amp.
An appropriate question because it does NOT have an on/off switch. It continues to perform well for me, although the blue light would be very annoying if it wasn't tucked inside one of my cabinet panels. It worth noting, however, that the unit does NOT run hot at all. If it wasn't for the blue light constantly being on, you wouldn't know the unit continues to pull power. Hope this helps.
Power hum big time used with project carbon turntable. Sent both back
I have not found one on mine.
I am not 100% sure of what you're asking, however . . . I use mine with an Onkyo Receiver that has a phono input. However the, the volume was so low that I could not get enough volume on the recordings (CD or mp3 via PC in my case). I could just crank the volume while listening w/o getting excess noise, but that was not the case when recording. So, my turntable is plugged into the ART DJPRE II phone, which in turn is plugged into a line-level input on the receiver, and all is well. Was the what you were asking?
I would think it help. The one I purchased more than a year ago did well, and is still running fine.
I set my system up not to create a digital server simply because while I love music, I do so many other things that I simply want to spin my vinyl collection and enjoy the sound. I don't want at this point to bother with transferring from one medium to another but I would venture to speculate that if your vinyl is in pretty good shape you will be surprised how good the rips will sound with this very inexpensive device. It was developed for people to pipe vinyl to a computer sound card so the processing that occurs seems to take bad signal out and leave behind good sonority. How exactly the circuitry works isn't completely swear because ya gotta remember that this device takes in analogue does something to that signal and puts out a cleaner analogue signal. Whether it's got two simple DACs inside or just analogue filters I really don't know. If you are a fanatic, which is your call, then a device known to produce and output a digital signal into one of the available digital formats might be more up your alley. That device is gonna be pricey. All I can say is that when I spin vinyl that I bought in college over forty years ago and pipe it to my power amp and my big vandersteins, If I close my eyes I can't be sure if it's live or memorex!!!
If you are new to this try a USB version. This mic will also require an amplifier and 48V power. Great mci but not as a starter http://www.amazon.com/Audio-Technica-ATR2500-USB-Cardioid-Condenser-Microphone/dp/B004QJREXM/ref=sr_1_6?ie=UTF8&qid=1387909664&sr=8-6
Nope, you'll need an external audio interface for input into a computer. Also the audio interface will need to have phantom power (+40v); BUT audio texhnica does make straigh usb input mics so google them :)
No
No XLR it seems...Im prolly too late sorry.
You can, but I would recommend finding the wood stud behind the drywall.
slightly more than 2 inches apart. When you slap the guitar in place, the weight of the guitar causes the front pieces to close. I have 10 of them on a board screwed into the wall. My only fear is too much weight. I have no problem with size. I have 3 acoustics hanging up including a 12 string. I can't imagine the neck being much wider. Remmber, it is not held by the neck. It is held by the headstock.
you bought th elong arm model,,,get Hercules Stands Wallmount Guitar Hanger GSP39WB the #38 is shorter
This one is the steel version. Better for regular clothes and even most delicates. Of course glass is for the finest of materials.
It's about 9" x 18"
Not really. Maybe for a kid but not for adults
You can set it in 6/4 and then turn the triplet subdivisions on by using the triplet slider at the bottom. Or just set it to a consistent click and do the counting yourself :)
Yes, I find it to be loud enough, but I would imagine it depends on what kind of headphones you are using. I use the Vic Firth isolation headphones and also a pair of in-ear monitors with this metronome, and I've never had any issues not being able to hear it.
Nearly any set of phones will do this for you. I use a cheap pair of head phones because I need to be able to hear my bass. My best phones are Senheiser 280 Pro, but they do too well sealing out ambient sound. I could use them but do not. Yes nearly any 9v rechargable battery works for the DB-90. But the DB 90 eats batteries. I use a wall wart. I believe they provide one, but I didn't buy it. I bought a generic wall wart at Radio Shack that does just fine. Amazon sells one too. My wall wart is a VisualSound NW1-US 9V 1700ma output wall wart with negative center connector. The one from BOSS is expensive.
It uses one 9-volt battery. I have used both disposable and rechargeable, both without any issues.
Yes, 30 is the lowest, nice machine. I especially like the voice because you know you you didn't miss a beat.
You will need to purchase a separate adapter. I saved some money by purchasing a Visual Sound Visual Sound One Spot Adapter available at http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0002GZLZQ/ref=oh_details_o06_s00_i01?ie=UTF8&psc=1. It has the correct electrical requirements.
I don't believe that that can be programmed unless it is somehow done through midi.
It is about 350. Great Metronome. good luck
For my DB 90, I use a "Visual Sound" 9v output wall wart. It says right on the device that is works with 220v. Also see 9V AC ADAPTER Power For Boss Metronome DB-66 DB-88 DB-90 Charger on Amazon. Amazon lists it with the DB 90, and Amazon's listing states that it works with the DB 90 and that it runs on 110-220VAC. I have not tried it.
Simply put, it dosent. The fender is a nice shelf nicknack to look at, and it's ok with headphones to, but its sound is pretty lacking. The Orange would be a real practice amp. Of any real micro amp to consider I would spend a little more and get a vox mini 3. Just this past year I had the chance to help run sound for Peter Furler, he used one live mic'd with a Sennheiser e609 playing his Gretch White Falcon and it sounded amazing!
No, good only in small regular bedroom.
Pretty well, all things considered. I sometimes use a delay box, sometimes not. I would probably replace it with the same if I somehow lost it.
No. Even if you had a mic that would plug into the amp, it would not be loud enough or clear enough to hear and understand.
Yes
Not advertised as a bass amp, But yeah, you can use this with a bass for a quite practice amp.
It's the polarity which is reversed and don't ask me to explain that. I finally gave up and started using batteries. It works fine and the batteries last a pretty long time. Good luck.
Yes it is just takes a battery and comes with a cord.
I would imagine it would but you'd be better off with an acoustic amp.
23&#8260;16-inch string spacing at the saddle. Thanks Dave.
Taylor recommends Elixer, which I really like. They're the most expensive though. Martin strings are much cheaper, but good. D'addario also makes OK less expensive strings.
Yes, the back and sides are a Satin finish. It comes with a standard Taylor guitar case. Thanks Joel.
If say take it to an authorized Taylor dealer. They go to training on how to work on these guitars and they can advise well. My local dealer in New England knows everything about Taylor guitars. They employees who do service are factory trained and they are Taylor enthusiasts.
No. I use a Snark with mine. They cost about $12 and the can tune by vibration or pitch. The guitar has on board system for sending sound through an amp but no tuner.
It thin, fast and very comfortable. Taylor has some of the best necks in the business. If you are used to Martin/Gibsons type necks you will find the Taylor neck are a lot easier to play.
The link that you provided, is not loading on Amazon. Taylor does make a nylon string Grand Auditorium, but I think that it's just the same guitar, sold for two different prices. We will beat any price. Thanks.
It comes with a Taylor hardshell case. Thanks Jizreel.
Sapele with sitka spruce top
about 47x17x7, 24 pounds
No it does not but you can get a wall wart or power source for one just about any place. I went to Good Will store and found one for .99 cents and it works just fine. You just have to be careful not to get the polarity reversed as the negative is the inside pole and it should be 9 volt direct current with a correct size or snug fitting plug.If you don't want to go on a scavenger hunt I would recommend buying one through this site.
The 9v battery that comes with it is in the compartment, but is sealed in plastic and not connected (they wouldn't be able to safely ship or store it otherwise). If that's not the problem, try another battery or it might just be dead.
Yes, if it is a simple monaural microphone (like a dynamic mic) that does not need a power source from the device to which it is connected. Since this little amp is intended for guitars, its jack is monaural 1/4 inch. Very inexpensive microphones will probably just have an 1/8 plug in which case you will need an adapter.
Yes
Yes. But only for practicing. Can clip it to you belt and practice anywhere.
Considering it was for my daughter I didnt really think it sounded that great and I noticed that as well I just dont think it is capable of handling all the notes.
No, it wouldn't make a good vocal amp for a couple of reasons: 1) It's intended for use as a guitar amplifier, which requires an electrical pulse. So you'd have to have an active (powered) microphone to register (I've tried it on passive microphones with no audio results) 2) The sound doesn't provide accurate rendition of voice. It's too "electrical" and "tinny". It's fine as a practice amp for guitar... because precise sound rendition isn't necessary. This can be used as a special effects amp if you have an active mike, but it will sound somewhat like you're talking through a non-powered megaphone. There are better portable voice amplifiers on Amazon though. Check through my reviews (warning, lengthy check there); I reviewed one hip-amp that works pretty well with voice and costs under $20.
I had never tried it and was inclined to think it wouldn't work very well but I plugged my P-Bass into it and it actually sounded pretty good. Definitely doesn't have the punch of a bass amp but would be fine for practice work or just noodling around without vibrating the whole house.
That is a hard question to answer requiring someone to know both amps very well. I will say this. This one is super cheap and is not really an amp but more of a practice tool when you require a cheap and small way to practice on the fly or in the bedroom. It is not loud, amazing or incredible in any way but it is far beyond acceptable for solo practicing at the price point and therefore hard to beat for the same price. But after having a look at the bacon and eggs amp, I would go with that instead as it has a dual purpose and can be used like a pedal. My guess is it will be close to the honeytone amp if you keep your expectations realistic. They are both for solo practice only it would seem. But hold on because it seems according to a few reviews that the bacon and eggs amp does not permit the distortion to be turned off and the volume can't be lowered or so reviews state but those could be wrong. If they are correct, then go with the honeytone amp. Good luck!
just a lead with mono ends would be my best bet.
No it does not but you can get a wall wart or power source for one just about any place. I went to Good Will store and found one for .99 cents and it works just fine. You just have to be careful not to get the polarity reversed as the negative is the inside pole and it should be 9 volt direct current with a correct size or snug fitting plug.If you don't want to go on a scavenger hunt I would recommend buying one through this site.
The 9v battery that comes with it is in the compartment, but is sealed in plastic and not connected (they wouldn't be able to safely ship or store it otherwise). If that's not the problem, try another battery or it might just be dead.
Yes, if it is a simple monaural microphone (like a dynamic mic) that does not need a power source from the device to which it is connected. Since this little amp is intended for guitars, its jack is monaural 1/4 inch. Very inexpensive microphones will probably just have an 1/8 plug in which case you will need an adapter.
Yes
Yes. But only for practicing. Can clip it to you belt and practice anywhere.
Considering it was for my daughter I didnt really think it sounded that great and I noticed that as well I just dont think it is capable of handling all the notes.
No, it wouldn't make a good vocal amp for a couple of reasons: 1) It's intended for use as a guitar amplifier, which requires an electrical pulse. So you'd have to have an active (powered) microphone to register (I've tried it on passive microphones with no audio results) 2) The sound doesn't provide accurate rendition of voice. It's too "electrical" and "tinny". It's fine as a practice amp for guitar... because precise sound rendition isn't necessary. This can be used as a special effects amp if you have an active mike, but it will sound somewhat like you're talking through a non-powered megaphone. There are better portable voice amplifiers on Amazon though. Check through my reviews (warning, lengthy check there); I reviewed one hip-amp that works pretty well with voice and costs under $20.
I had never tried it and was inclined to think it wouldn't work very well but I plugged my P-Bass into it and it actually sounded pretty good. Definitely doesn't have the punch of a bass amp but would be fine for practice work or just noodling around without vibrating the whole house.
That is a hard question to answer requiring someone to know both amps very well. I will say this. This one is super cheap and is not really an amp but more of a practice tool when you require a cheap and small way to practice on the fly or in the bedroom. It is not loud, amazing or incredible in any way but it is far beyond acceptable for solo practicing at the price point and therefore hard to beat for the same price. But after having a look at the bacon and eggs amp, I would go with that instead as it has a dual purpose and can be used like a pedal. My guess is it will be close to the honeytone amp if you keep your expectations realistic. They are both for solo practice only it would seem. But hold on because it seems according to a few reviews that the bacon and eggs amp does not permit the distortion to be turned off and the volume can't be lowered or so reviews state but those could be wrong. If they are correct, then go with the honeytone amp. Good luck!
just a lead with mono ends would be my best bet.
I have no idea. It's pretty sturdy. The stringing and adjustments seem pretty straight-forward. I wouldn't be concerned unless I was letting a few Silverback gorillas play with it.
The adjustment wrench needs to be removed from its storage hole inside the cajon and used on the two allen screws on the bottom of the cajon between the front feet. Each screw tightens or loosens one side of the bar that the strings are mounted to.
I have no idea what your outcome will be, but my Meini Percussion arrived just fine. It was well packed and protected and there was no damage to the box. I have had several other items (not from Amazon) that were badly damaged in transit but, fortunately, nothing from Amazon has ever been damaged, even delicate crystal. I hope this helps.
It makes a sound a bit like a very hollow damped snare drum. Unless you don't want to hear the racket, get him a real drum set. You can probably find a cheap one used with cymbals for the same price. The cajon can make nice tones, especially in skilled hands, but so can a cardboard box. If he wants to play drums he wants a set. Start him with just a bass drum, snare and hi-hat.
Yes, there are adjustable metal strings inside that give it a snare effect.
Haven't had much of a chance to play outdoors. Too much snow but indoors in a large room it does the trick. My daughter, 10 years playing percussion, loves it.
One.
No
None.
18" high by 11 3/4" wide and 11 3/4" deep.
No it does not but you can get a wall wart or power source for one just about any place. I went to Good Will store and found one for .99 cents and it works just fine. You just have to be careful not to get the polarity reversed as the negative is the inside pole and it should be 9 volt direct current with a correct size or snug fitting plug.If you don't want to go on a scavenger hunt I would recommend buying one through this site.
The 9v battery that comes with it is in the compartment, but is sealed in plastic and not connected (they wouldn't be able to safely ship or store it otherwise). If that's not the problem, try another battery or it might just be dead.
Yes, if it is a simple monaural microphone (like a dynamic mic) that does not need a power source from the device to which it is connected. Since this little amp is intended for guitars, its jack is monaural 1/4 inch. Very inexpensive microphones will probably just have an 1/8 plug in which case you will need an adapter.
Yes
Yes. But only for practicing. Can clip it to you belt and practice anywhere.
Considering it was for my daughter I didnt really think it sounded that great and I noticed that as well I just dont think it is capable of handling all the notes.
No, it wouldn't make a good vocal amp for a couple of reasons: 1) It's intended for use as a guitar amplifier, which requires an electrical pulse. So you'd have to have an active (powered) microphone to register (I've tried it on passive microphones with no audio results) 2) The sound doesn't provide accurate rendition of voice. It's too "electrical" and "tinny". It's fine as a practice amp for guitar... because precise sound rendition isn't necessary. This can be used as a special effects amp if you have an active mike, but it will sound somewhat like you're talking through a non-powered megaphone. There are better portable voice amplifiers on Amazon though. Check through my reviews (warning, lengthy check there); I reviewed one hip-amp that works pretty well with voice and costs under $20.
I had never tried it and was inclined to think it wouldn't work very well but I plugged my P-Bass into it and it actually sounded pretty good. Definitely doesn't have the punch of a bass amp but would be fine for practice work or just noodling around without vibrating the whole house.
That is a hard question to answer requiring someone to know both amps very well. I will say this. This one is super cheap and is not really an amp but more of a practice tool when you require a cheap and small way to practice on the fly or in the bedroom. It is not loud, amazing or incredible in any way but it is far beyond acceptable for solo practicing at the price point and therefore hard to beat for the same price. But after having a look at the bacon and eggs amp, I would go with that instead as it has a dual purpose and can be used like a pedal. My guess is it will be close to the honeytone amp if you keep your expectations realistic. They are both for solo practice only it would seem. But hold on because it seems according to a few reviews that the bacon and eggs amp does not permit the distortion to be turned off and the volume can't be lowered or so reviews state but those could be wrong. If they are correct, then go with the honeytone amp. Good luck!
just a lead with mono ends would be my best bet.
No. Mine does not have the 2.0 designation
For this device, the direction of signal flow is from the low signal level analogue domain (vinyl/LP/phono) to the digital domain (USB/Optical). Thus, this ART unit is not a Digital-to-Analog(ue) Converter (the "DAC" sort of unit which you specify) but its "opposite" an "ADC" (Analogue-to-Digital Converter). This unit is also a phono preamplifier which boosts the low voltage signal from the moving magnet or moving coil phonograph pickup to higher "line level" in order to drive a subsequent (in the signal path) separate amplifier--or to supplement a hi-fi receiver or preamp lacking (as is often the case) a phono input. In other words, this ART is primarily a phono preamplifier--something to supply gain (amplification) to drive headphones or the just mentioned follow-on analog(ue) audio switching, processing, or amplifying units. You might think of this ART USB Phono Plus as a tidy little combination of two functions: (1) Phono Preamp/Headphone Monitoring Amplifier and (2) ADC (Analog to Digital USB or Optical). By the way, this unit is at least the equal of anything else in its price range with respect to preserving the audio signal quality. It is capable of passing the usable dynamic range of which LPs are capable without the compression mentioned by another person answering your question... and without adding distortion you are likely to be able to hear considering the masking effects of the much larger combined distortions which are inherent to the recording and playback medium that is vinyl (e.g., the "LP" phonograph record). (There are many who disagree with this last point, however.) Finally, the quality or fidelity of the music or other sound which you play "off" your computer's hard drive can be no better than the quality of the original signal encoded in digital format to your hard drive. If you have high bit-rate, high definition source material (CD quality or better) on your hard drive, the sound processor chip on your laptop's motherboard is almost certainly going to degrade that signal by contaminating it with noise and compromising its dynamic range (or degrade other aspects of the signal as well). If high quality sound output from high quality source material is your goal, then you'd do better to use a high quality "soundcard" (installed in desktop computer OR use an "outboard" soundcard (i.e., a so-called "audio interface"). ASUS makes a fine soundcard for the consumer market (http://www.amazon.com/PCI-Express-XONAR-ESSENCE-STX-90-YAA0C0-0UAN00Z/dp/B001OV789U/ref=sr_1_2?s=electronics&ie=UTF8&qid=1422964422&sr=1-2&keywords=asus+sound+card+xonar) but be sure to read the review comments to get the installation right from the get-go on Windows machines. If you are an audiophile, you can find computer soundcards costing almost 10 times what the ASUS does... but not sounding appreciably better. As far as the external audio interfaces go, there are many excellent, quite affordable (from $100-$500... or more, of course) devices aimed at musicians and recordists for use in their semi-pro (or pro) home studios. These days, in a given price range, the digital signal processing chips used in these devices are either the same or very close cousins of one another (sourcing from just a few chip makers). You can see that in how close the specs are between brands and models in a given range. Thus, the differences in price often have more to do with features and flexibility (e.g., numbers and types of inputs and outputs), build quality and best engineering practices, and, of course, "brand reputation"--than the fundamental parameters.
I wasn't able to install Soundsaver on my iMac, plus there is no support available anywhere. Get Audacity, it's free and works just fine.
No, the volume control is for the monitor (headphone) output. There is a separate gain control for the preamp. Note that this is a phono preamp and is not intended to be used as your primary preamp to control volume, tone, etc.
There are two adjustable gain stages in this unit, serving separate functions. 1. For the first, the phono preamp function's gain stage, inspect a closeup of the front panel: The gain control there is for the analog phono/line inputs. There are only two of those analog input jacks: RCA phono jacks. Front panel buttons permit you to select whether you have magnetic phono or line level inputs connected to those two (L & R) jacks. You cannot (without adding an extra switch box) connect both phono level and line level analog inputs to the unit at the same time. You have no level control over any digital inputs to the device and, as a matter of fact, in normal operation, you should have no need to adjust those levels while they are in the digital domain (pathway). This first gain stage (the phono or analog line preamp) does indeed have a clipping indicator to use in conjunction with it. (It's the LED at the bottom of the front panel, directly below the MONITOR SOURCE slide switch described below.) 2. The second adjustable gain stage comes after the last digital stage (the analog-to-digital converter). This is the op amp that supplies signal boost (above line level) to drive the monitor output to headphones. The level of that output can be adjusted by the tiny knob you see on the right edge of the front panel. A tiny slide switch near the middle of the top of the front panel which is labeled "MONITOR SOURCE" allows you to monitor the analog input or the USB audio output from your computer or sound card. In its middle position, that switch allows you to monitor the mix of input (after the first gain stage, as above) to the device AND the computer or sound card's USB audio output. In other words, you can hear the output of the phono preamp (i.e., the first gain stage) through the adjustable second monitor gain stage or you can hear - and similarly adjust for headphones - the output of your computer's USB audio. In either of those cases you can adjust the gain of either source you happen to choose to monitor. However, if you choose to monitor both of those at the same time, then you can only adjust the gain of the combined signal and your only option to match their levels would be to adjust the gain of the phono preamp or that of the USB signal for the mix balance that you need or prefer. The next to the last page of the manual for this device (available from its page on the ART website as a downloadable pdf) shows a simplified diagram of the various signal paths through this unit. The unit is described by ART as compatible with Macs--as long as you have USB ports.
If I remember correctly, this is the one where the software company for it went out of business. If it gives you a name, look it up on the net to confirm. I sent it back.
This is a USB audio interface! Routing the audio through your computer's line in eliminates the benefit of this unit's analog-to-digital conversion, which is superior to that of the sound card built into any computer.
I have used it without grounding the preamp. It worked perfectly, and, the instructions say nothing about your question, so I don't think it is a problem to worry about.
Don't quote me on this, but I don't think that would be an issue if you used the software included. Seeing as it's a USB connection and converts the analog signal through the unit it should be OK. I'm not a computer expert though, so I could be wrong. Just my thoughts.
It comes from USB plug. Its not needed extra power drives if your usb conection is powered.
All tuners I know of are monophonic...they will tune one note. The korg units are not my favorites. They are not really very durable or reliable. The built in mc is pretty lame. The tuners that use vibration seem to work better for most acoustic stringed instruments.
Anything with a compatible jack it would. So yes it should.
I'm not sure what you mean by "compatible" since the tuner simply works by displaying the nearest (single) note played along with the frequency in Hz with the "needle" line showing whether the note played is sharp or flat with respect to that. I had to look up what a "Chromatic C harmonica" is, but since it plays a chromatic scale, then yes, the display will show an appropriate name for the note (e.g. 466 Hz would show "A#" ). If you are wondering about the range of the tuner, I'm pretty sure that it would be fine for any harmonica. The lowest string of a cello (two octaves below middle C) was too low for it, but I doubt a harmonica would play notes that low.
I've not tried it but the description says, "This compact chromatic tuner supports a broad range of C1 (32.70 Hz)-C8 (4186.01 Hz), allowing speedy and high-precision tuning of wind, string, keyboard, and other instruments" so I'd think so. I have 3 for guitars and they work great for that (2 are the newer CA-1 model, which is almost the same).
As long as the instrument is equal tempered (based on 12 note chromatic scale), you should be able to tune with this tuner. Sincerely, Kevin - Daybreak Enterprises, Inc.
Looking at it I find no metronome function.
Hi Chris. Sorry about the late response as I had to ask my son first (he and my wife are the musicians, not I). It is capable of playing all four open notes and it's made in China.
the metal is different thickness than a trumpet, you would have to be able to weld it.
Yes, It does come with a mouthpiece, but my first Brass Instrument was the Trombone so I needed to use a Mouth Piece with a Deeper Cup, more like one for a Cornet, or a Flugelhorn. This Bugle is in the classic Key of B Flat, whereas the U.S. Army now uses a slightly larger Bugle in the Key of G. I have no idea where to get one of those,or what the cost would be. I did alright with this one for my Father's Funeral.
The Bugle comes in a soft case. The mouthpiece is not a standard bugle mouthpiece and I highly suggest buying a bach 7C trumpet mouthpiece.
Do you know someone in the US? if not it is up to you if you trust me. You may ship it to me and I will ship it to you. I actually did that with a customer that was buying an item that couldn't ship to Brazil.please email me if you wish to. Sqirtledempsey@ymail.com
No shoulder rest, just comes with the chin rest. You can use a cloth for shoulder rest.
Yes with the Chin rest. but there is no shoulder strap.
I have the same problem
Teacher had to put bridge on, tune, and tighten the strings. So no it's not exactly ready to go but I have had stings replaced/ tuning at local music store for cheap so think they could set it up also. We are having issue with strings loosening but told the cold weather can cause this.
The case comes with an adjustable shoulder strap.
Yes, but you'll need an external ADC. Two inputs are analog, two are digital.
no. sounds like something is wrong. did you plug it into a usb 3 port? it's a usb 2 only unit
Hi every one!! I have to clear a doubt before I buy this item, I love to use midi and playback instruments especially with Reason (obviously I take advantage on recording at the same time), my doubt is if I will have playback latency with this unit as it does not use an internal PCI card? Thanks in advance
I've been using it with windows 7 and Cubase and it works fine, it doesn't give me trouble, but if you are not sure about buying it, try something from TASCAM... those are great for everything which is against pro tools, mac and stuff like that...
no, this thing blows with windows
no it never came with a disc
I don't know the box didn't work either way. I want my money back
Yea
yes it does. but be careful as to what version will work with that model Mbox, as you know they come out with a new software version pretty much every two years now
I actually returned my hisonic wireless mics. I didn't even get through one use and the mics quit working. Maybe you will have better luck, I have dealt with several different brands, this was my least favorite. For a sound system, it depends on what you want to do? There is a Fender Passport system that is very portable and will put out a good sound for small gatherings, it has multiple inputs so you can plug in an MP3 player, computer or iphone to play music. You can adjust the volume of the mic and music to get a good mix. Major lesson, either put the speakers on a stand or something above peoples heads that way everyone can hear it. If you put it on the floor, the sound will not travel through people and someone won't hear her.
good batteries, and a sound system
It take the 1/4 but it can go from 1/4 to your old style plug
You have to have an amplifier and speaker(s)
I don't know if it can or not. It's a great system.
As long as they are rechargable batteries i believe they will work.
This system is not rack mountable. I have it on a small table next to my PA system.
No quarter to quarter
No. The base is the charger and the battery is inside the mic when u put it on the base when the light is red its charging when its green its full.
Iv'e done well over 100". It might go more
http://qsc.com/products/Loudspeakers/K%20Series/K12/ (NO, THE DIMENSIONS ARE 23H X 14X14")
It is fan cooled. The fans only turn on when needed, so when the temperature hits a certain amount. If you are playing music through these speakers you will not hear the fans. If you aren't they probably won't be on because the temperature won't be hot. Heat sunk cooling systems have no moving parts, it is just a piece of metal. They do not cool as well as a fan.
I can't provide you with a specific figure, but my guess is the noise floor of the K12 is comparable to the Line6 L3M. Both speakers are meant for sound reinforcement at very loud levels (125 DB), not for studio use. If you are looking for a very low noise floor in a powered speaker, shop for powered monitors made for studios. They are made just for this purpose.
Hi Romeo, Yes. You can plug in an ipod, MP3 or any thing to the QSC K12. They sound great for live music and recorded music. Very clear and the power is great.
Yes. I use these on a weekly basis to dj weddings. I've also used it at open mic nights and when my band plays.
No just power cord.
No. There are no effects built in to the speakers themselves.
Could be the cables you're using.
No i haven't, i just purchased my first K12 speaker, i need another one. So far i like it .
The K12 has a built in amp that powers only that speaker, nothing else. The subs from yoyr truck
I do not know. It's a sturdy/strong stand..but unfortunately it's higher than Standard Piano height..which is a pain because I don't stand to play...I use a piano bench. (The lowest setting on it is about 3 to 4 inches higher than standard piano height) I had to end up buying a taller/adjustable stool.
I am not quite sure but I suppose it should be okay. I got it for my 88 key Yamaha P-105 (Width 52 3/16" and weight 25.8 lbs) and it worked very well :)
Rubber stop are on corners of each end and metal between stops is 13", however,stops can be moved for depth desired. Stops are adjustable and a very sturdy stand. I'm extremely pleased. Better than any I saw in any store.
This will hold a full heavy keyboard and is not flimsy so it should do the job.
Very stable and sturdy. Excellent choice! Enjoy
Well, in answer to your question, I just measured it at the lowest setting. And, on top, from the outside of one cross-bar to the outside of the other, it is 31.5" So if you feel comfortable with just a 1/4" overhang on each side, then it will work. The cross-bars do have soft, rubber sleeves on them, so there is a nice non-slip surface. I hope that helps in your decision.
It should. Its adjustable to fit the Keyboard's size.
I think it should.The stand is holding a Casio WK500 Digital Keyboard.The keyboard weighs 17.2 lbs.without batteries.
Its reasonably balanced with weight and leg width, it's not heavy but it won't fall over on it's own.
As long as you have enough space to lie it down or stand it up, it's super portable.
Lest you think there are no screws included in the package, check the ends of each piece where you will find the screw already in place; unscrew each screw with the Allen wrench provided. You also need to visualize how the stand will lock into place before putting it together or you'll have to take it apart and rearrange the pieces in order to engage the locking piece. It's fairly intuitive, shorter pieces on top, longer on bottom for stability. I didn't find the screws and Amazon customer service quickly sent me a new stand from which I was to remove the screws from the box and then return it; meanwhile I read reviews here and found the screws weren't missing after all. Too bad the location of the screws is not mentioned in the packaging.
The stand has rubber that holds the keyboard on it. I was skeptical myself but it does hold it there I have two kids plus other people running around my house and it has never been knocked over.
My stand came with the screws inserted into the tubes. You have to take them out to attach the tubes. If yours are not there, I respectfully suggest you take a tube with you to the hardware store. They have a very fine thread. Don't take the chance of getting the wrong size. You will mess up the threads in the tubes if you have to force the screws.
My keyboard has 88 keys and this stand works for it quite well. So I imagine it would work fine with a 76 key.
19" front to back
I don't have a p85, but this stand is pretty universal, and should work well with any full sized keyboard.
Not entirely sure what you are asking so Ill just go thru the basics. Ok so it comes with the allen wrench, which is used to attach the bottom legs, also it comes with the small wrench. that is to tighten the nut in the middle of the 'X' Section in case it comes loose at some point. To adjust the height of the stand, you pull the knob like piece towards you and it moves the locking pin out of the hole. then you can open or close the stand to get it to the height you desire. When it is at the height you want you release the pin and it snaps into one of the 6 holes that determine the height of the stand locking it in place. At times the screw and nut that holds the 'X' part together comes loose and you use the little wrench and screwdriver to tighten it, but this does not occur often. I hope this answers your question, if not please explain more as to what info you are looking to gain and ill try to answer. thanks!
I measured mine its 28" at the lowest setting hope that helps
I took it apart and flipped it around. It was put together backwards. I hope this helps.
Yes it does the seat comes off aand the legs fold.
The three heights appear to be 1" apart from 19" to 21". I have mine set in the middle at 20" and it is just right for my Yamaha keyboard.
Yes. The nob does not "pin" in, it is threaded and you have to turn it to remove it to fold the bench. It also has multiple positions to allow for different heights.
yes
Heavy durable black plastic...Looks and feels like leather.
Katharine it is very light 5 lbs maybe but no effort in moving it at all very portable and comfy i"m a big guy it sits me well but it is for my Daughter lol
Super Easy to assemble Excellent quality for the cost
My granddaughter is an average 6 year old so yes, it is short enough. My husband took it out of the box but I do believe it is adjustable.
this is one of the most well constructed benchs I have ever seen we use it as a part of our weight lifting daily and my trainer weighs 270 and it ain't a problem for the bench. Get it you will be impressed with its quality
Wouldn't it be easier to just ask if your weight can be held safely on the bench? How much does the subject in questions weighs?
I may be off by saying this but would it be concert pitch that the tuner is going off of?
The clarinet is plastic.
This is a great starter clarinet. However it is just that, a starter. I got this for my daughter when she started in 5th grade it lasted until 7th grade when she got to middle school. The band director said with the quality she would not be able to produce good solid sound. It was also hard to get repaired because a lot of the fittings were not the norm. We went over a year with out the thumb rest because it broke off and the screw holes didn't line up like others. I know it was a gift so you appreciate it very much but I would not get your hopes up. The plastic is cheap and will not produce quality sound.
to better answer then just a simple yes, it is incuded it is made of a hard plastic with raised bumps all over it. the hinge edges of the case are reinforced with an aluminumband and has a piano hinge completely across the back. also the latches are sturdy enoughf that when dropped it dose not spill everywhere. on the inside the instrument is cusioned with no less then 3/4 - 1 inch of velvet covered foam that conforms to the instrument and the wipe rag and reeds.
Yes
You might call the company. Good luck with that. Let me know how that turns out.
Yes.
It should fit without a problem, but......again, I really can't in any way recommend that you purchase this particular clarinet. I finally threw it in the trash can because I couldn't even find anyone who would take it for free.
For its price it is a very good clarinet and the sound is very pleasant... it is not a real wood instrument and cannot compete with these but is still very good !
I don't believe so, but if quality is important to you, I would suggest an upgrade from another distributor. This guy was nothing but trouble.
It doesn't actually come with a cable at all, you'll need to order one separately.
It can't be used on any dsrl camera because of 2 factors 1 it is a professional microphone with xlr connection that belong to amps, consoles and recorders like the TASCAM D40 which I own. 2 even if you get the adapter to plug it to the camera its a phantom type of microphone which need extra energy to work. Im sure you should buy the Audio Technica ATR6550 that can be pluged to the camera or computer. I do videos but I record the audio separated for better perfomance just need a little work of synchronization.
The AT875R has a 21mm diameter. I own two of them. I also have the Rode PG2 pistol Grip/Shock Mount. It comes with the two (2), different-sized, rubber suspensions as noted in your question. One of the Rode suspensions is marked "21/22". The AT875R mates perfectly with it.
No, it will not work. The microphone requires phantom power and the go Pro does not provide phantom power.
Yes, the complete part number from Audio Technica is AT875R Mike
No, that will not work. The Tascam provides 'plug in power', not 'phantom power'. Plug in power is not compatible with this mic. If you need a shotgun that will work with the DR-07mkII, try the AT897: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0002TTN3Y
I don't know, but since it has a XLR connector and needs Phantom power I would say no without some kind of intermediary box to provide phantom power and a connector the D7000 can accept
Foam
Yes
I am not sure what you are asking. Here is the link to a video with an interview I recorded outside with one man, but others behind and to the right kept making comments off camera. All recorded with the mic mounted pointing forward on the camera. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dPArQkwxK-s jump ahead a couple minutes if you don't want to watch the introduction. I hope this will help.
Just the 1/8th stereo plug, no USB.
No it does not. The plug is not the right type. Look into the Rode Smart Lav.
I have this mic and it works fine on the ATR288
Just the Mic.
If your camera has a mic input, you just need to plug this mic into it. Most cameras provide the power source for the electret element in the mic. You will need a shielded extension cable between the mic and the camera. I always carry a 25ft one.
If your GoPro hero 4 has an 1/8" input than YES! it will work. Great Mic too!
i dont know
Absolutely. However, it would be advised to use some external recorder like the zoom H1 to capture audio and sink up the audio later
Any PA system or wireless mic pack with a mono input will work. This is not frequency specific.
I haven't tried that and I'm not completely sure if you'd be able to do that. The best I can recommend is using a zoom h1 for each mic.
I have used mine for a 12-string Luna; the Guild should fit as well.
Measuring from the inside...the bag is 43" long, 16" wide at it's widest, 6" wide at the neck, and 5" deep.
Honestly I do not think so. The bag was a perfect fit for my Tak Acoustic and the bass is quite a bit bigger.
Not completely certain but I am pretty sure it would be too small to fit an acoustic bass.
Yes this bag fits my daughters fg 700 and we like the quality.
It has two straps that allow you to wear it like a backpack.
I have an ovation and has plenty of space to accommodate
I would say no. If you are checking your guitar spend the money on a hard shell case if you are carrying it on the plane with you, maybe.
Possibly a short scale bass
Think it would. My Martin Dreadnaught fits in there just fine. How do you like the Seagull I was considering getting one?
The bag is about 38 inches. Sorry I was looking at my keyboard bag. **I looked at my guitar bag and I measured it. It is about 41 1/2 inches long. It may fit. You might want to give it a try. Please let me know what happened. The bag is very strong and durable.
it's actually designed for electric guitars, I have a dean vendetta and it's great for that I love this gig bag. Rock on!
Well, these gig bags need to be gentle with. I have had mine for more than 2 years, but I am very careful with it. The gig bag should have the world tour info in the pocket. Mine was new had it. Also Amazon has the A-Z guarantee. They are awesome with that. Hope this helps.
Fits many types of electric non bass guitars. I would not recommend for use with acoustics.
I measured 42", from top to bottom, and 16" across, at the body. I think the width of the neck was just at 7". It will work for both strats and lps, but I can't recommend it for general use. The padding is very thin, and if you set your axe down hard, sideways, you can hurt the body. I bought several of these for storage here at home, and would never use one for gigs. But the case is well-made, so I suggest you spend the extra $10 and get the higher ended model. The company is fine...
this bag easily handles my ibanez 4 string bass and a friends 6-string brice electric bass. it should be able to handle a hollow body guitar or bass but i'm not sure about an acoustic bass. it might fit but... a hardsell case is just better for acoustic guitars and basses. a bit more expensive but worth it.
I believe so. I stored a Yamaha RBX375 in the bag and it was a nice fit with a little extra room to spare. If you want you can order the bag and try it out. If the bass guitar doesn't fit then you can return it and continue your search.
I have a Squire jazz bass. It's a little tight, but fits. Really like this case.
indeed it is. it will fit both an Electric Bass and a Acoustic / Electric Bass or EAB
I don't know exact dimensions but it holds my Ibanez 34" scale bass with pleny of room to spare. A friend plays a Brice 6 string 35" scale bass (much larger than my my standard 4 stringer). He too, uses the same bag and again there is room to spare. I would dare say that a semi hollow body electric bass would still work with this bag.
Yes I had a Squier bass. I have a Ibanez now a Jaz and a Yamaha & they fit.
Probably. It's plenty big enough for my Breedlove acoustic bass
I haven't had much of an issue with it myself, though I mainly use it for shorter trips to practice. There's space on either side of the tuners, so they're not directly contacting the case itself.
I believe your Rogue is a large body bass
It's a perfect fit for my bass. Check it out,
Yes it should. I have a full sized Fender CD-60 in mine and there is plenty of room to spare.
Yes, I. Use mine for a fg 340. It's. A greay case for the money,
Not sure,but one thing,it won't be well protected.
Yes there are two matching zipper pulls allow you to put a small lock.
It has straps you can adjust in order to carry via bike
Not sure how big a jumbo actually is, but I will say my full size fits with some extra body room.
Probably. My sin uses this for his standard size guitar. It's pretty big. But very nice and can be worn like a backpack.
No
I don't know for sure if it will fit. But, if you own a quality guitar, I would buy a better bag. This one will keep the dust off, is padded a little, but I wouldn't use this bag to protect a quality guitar.
This case will work for a guitar that is 3/4 or smaller. It won't work for a full size guitar. If you do not know the size of the guitar you purchased, you could get a full size case because a 3/4 size will fit in a full size case.
I'm not sure. My son has a 3/4 size guitar and it fits perfectly. Not sure the length of it. I think as long as it's not a full size guitar it should fit just fine.
Yes it would. My son's guitar is about same
Yes, this 3/4 guitar was recommended by my classical guitar instructor for classical learning/playing.
This 'gig bag' is designed for an electric guitar - I would not try to put an acoustic in it - NO protection. I would send it back if I could!
We are using it for a 36" guitar and there is exactly 2 inches of space left..so it may. Hope that helps. It's a great quality bag!
probably as thick as denim or so.flexible like cloth.does the job but bends and does not stand up when empty
The case is a good size for the guitar I purchased. It is a 3/4 size guitar, so the fingering is easier. I am not sure oft he dimensions for ES Epiphone but if it is not a full size guitar, I think it should work for you. Have you contacted the seller?
I have no idea. It fits my sons 3/4 size guitar wonderfully. Great bag!
It is approximately 39" long and 18" in its widest part.
The CG20 works for both full-size 7/8 and 3/4. My son and I play classical guitars and acoustic. When a child or youth moves up to full-size as my son is d0ing not you will not have to purchase a new case. The case that came with my Cordoba was very tight had one pocket that could not hold much. The World Tour CG20 is able to hold footstool, tuner, and music. In addition to shoulder straps and side handle we found the top handle very useful. The case has very sturdy stitching and good padding. I hope this helps. Simon
Probably, lots of extra room, really a nice case. becareful when putting down tuners r a little unprotected. padding on side where tuners r is thin . :-)
The measurements are listed right on the product page (and copied below)...you need to get a tape and measure your guitar...I do not have a DG-60 to measure. Dimensions: Length: 42.5 Width-Upper Bout: 12.75 Width-Waist: 13.75 Width-Lower Bout: 17 Depth: 4
Yes. this case fits my martin 000X1, which is just under 41 inches long and just about 4 inches deep, including the bridge. I certainly don't recommend if for travelling, but it is great, for me, for gigs. hope this helps.
I don't have any way of knowing...but the measurements are accurate..measure the length and the width at the upper and lower bout on your guitar and you should have your answer.
I use this for a Fender fretless and it fits perfectly. Not sure about your axe though!
Yes it would it fits my Traben Array Limited and protects it as well.
Yes it will!
The body of that acoustic bass would be too wide. You'd need the World Tour WG20D Deluxe 20mm Acoustic Guitar Gig Bag to accommodate the size of the AEB5E. You won't be disappointed. I was pleasantly surprised at the quality of gig bag this company makes for the price.
Yes
I do not have a answer for the dimensions for the bag, but I can tell you this your bass will fit very nicely in that bag I love it.
I have two SoundGear basses, both fit in this case. My old Ibanez Roadstar fits in it too.
it may be tight,but I think it will.
Yes SR (Les paul or SG type), i have a telecaster. Fits ok. The bag have a good clearence.
yes, the bag is big. You can fit a les paul there.
Sorry to say,I don't think so. It is short by one inch in width. The size of the inner of the the bag is 40 inches long, 3 inches thick by 13 inches wide. The size of the Guitar Dimensions: 38.5 x 3 x 14 inches. Hope this was of help to you.
Hey there Gina, to answer your question the dimensions are somewhere around 42 inches tall and 15 inches inches in length. It may not fit with the Riviera because it seems a little wider. Hope this help.
41" long and 14" at the widest point. I think it would fit 41" but it may be tight. My sons is 39" long and it fits fine.
I don't know what a mini squire is but my son has a regular sized electric guitar that fits in this, so I am assuming mini is smaller. HTH
I don't have all but if as it fits a Telecaster and Stratocaster should be fine on a Fender Bullet.
Shipping on this item is $3.95 within the continental United States.
No. They are much larger guitars that need a wider case.
Yes. The Marshall MS2 Micro Amp has very low noise even at volume setting up to 10. The Overdrive (OD) switch gives a rather clean Marshall-like sound, compared to Marshall heads from the late '70s (a major effort with Marshall amps then was noise reduction/control). In writing this response I tested one of my MS2 micro amps (I use two, for two effects channels then out through the headphone jack for 4 (two left two right) channels to the mixer board), and plugged in my Ovation-Celebrity CC57. I turned the volume of the Celebrity pickup to 10 (the pickup is very weak) and changed the volume on the MS2 from 0 to 10 (first test), and also engaged the OD switch (second test). Without the OD in play the quality of the sound was acceptable, i.e. just a clean acoustic guitar sound. With the OD in play the noise jumps and we get a kind-of Marshall-like sound from the weak pickup. So I can recommend using the Marshall MS2 Micro Amp even with an acoustic (i.e. acoustic-hybrid electric) guitar as a practice amp and as part of an effects system (pre-amp stage). And the MS2 is very inexpensive. Hope that helps.
Technically yes, but I wouldn't really recommend it because, the audio it produces is really very distorted regardless of the settings; if you try to make it less distorted you have to tone the volume too far down.
Yes it is. It even has a fastener in the back with battery back up so you can hook it either on your belt or waist band and go anywhere with it!
You can hear the sound amplified out of the speaker portion but be careful not to turn it up all the way because you can blow the speaker and you will hear a crackling sound. It is a nice way to play guitar in the house and not be overcome by the sound you would get from a bigger amp.
Can be used to amplify any thing as long as you have the right cord.
Color! The ms-2r is red.
It also works with 9v transformer, but not included. regards
No
I'm not sure what you mean by 'processor'. If you mean 'computer', there's a guitar plug/headphone out jack that can go into a sound card, audio interface or a mixer. The MS-2 is a 1 watt (ignore the chart that says 4 watts) analog micro-amp that, in my opinion, is more useful as a headphone amp than playing through its speaker. The clean channel sound is very warm with a flexible tone sweep. The overdrive sounds great except there's no gain knob - so for more crunch you have to crank the volume (the old-fashioned way). I've actually recorded the speaker output with an up-close SM-57 and it sounds (almost) like the real thing! A fun little amp.
It's small enough it's got a belt clip not sure exactly the measurements but it packs a little punch impressed me and very handy
Yes you can. The headset comes with a battery box that holds 2 "AAA" batteries that power the mic. One end of this box has a 1/8" phono plug where you connect the headset cord, and the other end has a short wire with a 1/8" phono jack. I cut off this 1/8" jack and wired it to an 8 pin connector for my Kenwood TS-590 radio. I also wired in am 1/4" phono plug to accept either a hand switch or foot switch for PTT.
No but it does flips up and out of the way.
No it will not rotate completely around its fixed for use on the left side
There is no replacement that I am aware of. Only parts inside are a resistor and a capacitor. Check for loose battery contacts, good battery, loose jack or broken wire on the output side. Not much can go wrong that can't be fixed.
Yes, carefully. Remove foam and pry apart the cover and install a new elect. element. I save elements from olf microphones. Radio shack stocks the elements. Glue it back together, or use tape, put foam back on. I taped the rear holes in the case before I put the foam back on. It seems to have less background noise. The original microphone element did't last long. You could go to Walmart and buy a cheap computer microphone and use that element.
These headphones would not be "directly" compatible with a cell phone but should work with an adapter. The vast majority of cell phones made in the last few years use a 4-pole 3.5mm (aka 1/8") mini-plug. These are easy to recognize because the plug has 3 black rings which segment it into 4 separate electrical connections. With 4 "poles" it is possible to put all the necessary contacts for both mic and earphone on one connector. These headphones use separate plugs for microphone and earphone. There are inexpensive adapters which convert one style to the other. Here are two examples: http://www.amazon.com/SamWay-Stereo-Headset-iPhone-Adapter/dp/B00NO07YAC/ref=sr_1_6?ie=UTF8&qid=1418360808&sr=8-6&keywords=4+pole+trs+adapter http://www.amazon.com/StarTech-com-headsets-separate-headphone-microphone/dp/B004SP0WAQ/ref=sr_1_8?ie=UTF8&qid=1418361238&sr=8-8&keywords=4+pole+trs+adapter The first style is a compact molded unit but these tend to exert slightly more stress on the device they plug into owing to the longer lever that is created by the combination of the adapter and the plugs that go into them. The second example is the style I prefer and it reduces the mechanical stress on the connector jack it plugs into. Electrically speaking, the 120 ohm impedance rating for these headphones should work with most cell phones which typically have an output impedance rating between 8 and 25 ohms. As long as one of these numbers isn't many hundreds or thousands of ohms while the other is low double digits, they should work fine for communications quality audio. Audiophile purists might pick nits over this but telephone audio should be no problem. Acoustically speaking you should be aware that the headphones themselves will not make the sound from the phone any louder. However there will still be advantages that should make the sound more audible: 1. The sound will now be coupled to his ears more cleanly than the rather poor interface that is created by the horrible little speaker in most phones being pressed against the outside of the ear canal. 2. These headphones will do a better job of excluding the unwanted noise from the surrounding environment. However, if what your husband needs is more volume than most people use, these do not amplify the sound. Here is another, cheaper option to consider... I have been very happily using a set of Sony earbuds designed for use with the iPhone, iPad, iPod, iEtc for the last two years with my Blackberry. I use them to listen to music on my iPad and when I need to jump on a phone call while I'm at an airport, on a train, etc., I move the plug over to my phone and they work great. The mute button function designed for the iDevices even mutes/unmutes my Blackberry and the volume up/down works with it too. They have the acoustic advantages I listed above for the Yamahas, are far more compact, and much more cost effective. If your husband doesn't care for ear earbuds, then that's another matter but the Yamaha headphones will be quite cumbersome to lug around for ad hoc cell phone use, and he'll need to remember not to forget or lose the adapter. http://www.amazon.com/Sony-MDREX38iP-BLK-Earbud-Control/dp/B002M78JA2/ref=sr_1_1?s=electronics&ie=UTF8&qid=1418362530&sr=1-1&keywords=MDREX38iP P.S. Regarding some of the comments and observations here about the microphone... These headsets use an "electret" style microphone which requires a low voltage to operate the microphone. So far as I am aware, all cell phones which support an external microphone (via the 4-pole connector) will supply voltage for an electret microphone. The current draw is extremely small and there is essentially no appreciable drain on the phone battery. As for the person using them with his DJ equipment, I suspect that most of his equipment is expecting the more conventional dynamic microphone which does not require any power. If he is using them with professional "phantom power" then this is typically between 20 and 48 volts and would not work well if at all with the 3-10 volts consumer electret microphones require. However, I still believe that earbuds with a microphone built into the cord (like the ones I listed above) are your best solution. Like two of the other respondents, I am also an amateur ("ham") radio operator and use these with my radio. Professionally, I am a broadcast engineer. P.P.S. I see that the Amazon ad erroneously describes the earphones as having "a sensitive electric microphone". This is a mistake in the ad. As I stated above the microphone is an "electret" microphone and not "electric". Most likely an over zealous spell checker that didn't recognize the word electret.
The mic is not removable but it does pivot up out of the way. You can use an adapter (can't remember if it comes with it) for the headphones.
completely cover the ear and rest on your head
I haven't used it with my mixer but it comes with the larger plug adapter that will fit into the board as well as a smaller plug built in for a computer jack. I use it to DJ on an internet station and it works great!!
The sound quality is excellent. There is no noise reduction so the high frequencies will not be filtered out. That is a desirable feature: your voice will sound bright and clear rather than dull and muddy.
36x16x6 but my keyboard (actually little larger) still fits great. 0 measures 37.75x14.25x5 and it fits great. I love the quality of it.
It is 38x15x6 and would not check it as baggage. I would carry it on board or not take it at all. It is a thin nylon with no lining so it can fold and flop around, not sturdy. I use it to store my keyboard at home. I also bought foam rubber at a fabric store to pad it to make it more sturdy. It isn't padded as the ad says, just a cheap nylon lining that isn't very protective. Buy extra padding. However it holds my keyboard, power supply, pedal, music stand, music books on the outside pockets, and my folding stand for it also headset and mike. Holds a lot but get extra padding or find a hardcover one for shipping.
It should if the Yamaha is a 61 key keyboard. I use it with a PSR e333.
Yes it will. It's very larde.
I ordered this item on May 26, and received the item pictured (fat adapter with a long cord). The output is DC 9.0V 850mA. Exactly the same specifications as the Casio AD-5 adapter. Both of the previous answers here are incorrect.
Don: It should work - but take some precautions. Download the manual for the CT-615; and make sure that both the voltage and amperage match. Manufacturers rarely change the type (or polarity) of connector, because that costs money for re-tooling - but the voltage and amperage can vary according to the requirements of the motherboard. If both match, this will work for you -
The adaptor is still an AD-5 and should work.
yes, it work well with my portable piano
Does anyone know the answer? I also want a power sully for CT-310, don't know whether this can work or not.
Any variation! I use it for two huge 7 string basses!
I don't see why not! I wouldn't expect a perfect fit though, it is designed for the standard electric bass guitar..
Yeah, it'll hold two electric basses.
No. I did a gig last weekend and it stunk up my car again. I've had the bag for 3 months now. Still, a great gig bag for the price. Maybe Febreeze will help?
15" x 45"
First, cables can be plugged directly into the connectors on the box, which is much faster than connecting multi-meter probes. Secondly, intermittent connections can be found by wiggling the cables. Intermittents are indicated with a separate set of LEDs. I checked cables with a multi-meter for years and missed several intermittent connections. This is FAR superior.
That depends on what you are testing. For instance, when checking 1/4 inch cables the light patterns for good are like X's. When checking balanced cables you get something different. The best way to get used to it is to take known good cables and take note of the light patterns. Then take know bad cables and see what they give. Not complicated. good luck.
Intermittent faults trigger the wiring path lights and they stay in the "faulted" state until you press the reset button. So if a short across two cable conductors presents itself to the tester while testing, another LED indicator will light up in addition to the correct cable connection path LED's, indicating not only the correct cable path but also the "short" (multiple paths indicated). The LED's stay that way until the reset button is pressed. Note that there may be additional erroneous LED's lit when each cable is first connected to the tester, so each time you insert a cable for testing you should press the reset button to ensure a clean test start.
You should be able to test cords with shorting plugs in both open and shorted conditions. I's just a question of knowing which indications to expect under which conditions. If you need to see how this will work, I suggest you use a cable with a connector cover removed to see what happens: unscrew the connector cover, plug both ends into the tester, press Reset, then briefly short the tip to the ring connectors where they're soldered, note the light configuration when you do it. Reset, and repeat, with the tip and ring shorted (simulating the switch), briefly remove the short and see which lights change. Intermittent opens from a T-R shorted condition will be more difficult to verify because no tester is designed to detect such a fault! Hope this works for you!
Yes it easily tests TR & TRS 1/4" cables. In the case of TR cables, the tester will show that the Ring & Sleeve spots on the connector are connected together on the 9 indicator LEDs. (That is true of all TR connectors.)
You simply press a button that toggles between 1kHz and 440Hz - easy as cake. I've only ever used it to test from the XLR output, but when I get a chance later today I'll test it out. Edit: The test tone does indeed generate from all outputs!
Yes. The height is 44" and the body at 16" at the widest (bottom) will be a perfect fit. The height at 3 3/4" per spec is also okay.
Yamaha does not list the measurements other than the neck, which is fine. Presuming you have the Yamaha, the case height from bottom of the body to top of the neck can be up to 44" (the CG101 is probably around 39-inches) and the body cannot be more than 16" across at the widest (bottom). The body depth can be 4" max. If you have a measuring tape, just verify those three measurements are equal to or lower (smaller) than the numbers above and the guitar will fit.
I personally measured the depth of the case and it is 5 inches deep. A full size dreadnought guitar will fit nicely in the case.
Yes, it has three metal bumpers on the backside and four on the bottom (when the case is placed upright).
I think it should. The case is made for regular dreadnought (DN) size guitars.
Your best bet is to measure the guitar for dimensions than cross reference this for your case. Look for a case made for that exact guitar, but I am not certain if your sons will fit.
Yes
If the Epiphone DR-100 is a standard dreadnought guitar it will fit, this case fits dreadnought style guitars. Chick with epiphone and see if it is a dreadnought or Jumbo.
It fits my son's dreadnaught acoustic, which is a pretty standard shape. I'm not familiar with the dimensions of the Fender CD-140S.
Yes, according to the size specification found here: http://www.waldenguitars.com/img/pdf/Walden%20Catalog.pdf on page 4 listed as a Dreadnought
If you do the built in room correction, it will adjust with the pink noise signal - obviously this isn't perfect though, really just a starting point. What you really should do is ignore the room correction in this, and just use REW for measurements and make the appropriate changes on the DEQ.
I bought one of these and it runs on 240v
It has optical input and output. But it will not process a 7.1 signal from an AVR. Only works with 2 channel stereo.
Absolute overkill. Don't even go near it ! Total waste for your application.
not sure. it has delay you can choose to digitally offset sound i believe so you can chain it in a out door area say 200 meters deep. the previous model also did. the green screen model with aluminum finish. i have not used this method because its my home stereo EQ and i dont use instruments on it. with mike. phone behringer direct if you need sound millisecond destroyer on feedback. i dont think any other unit has it if this one does not. this unit is amazing!! compares to 2000 dollar units. super clean. no noise.
Mine re-starts with the same adjusted shut-down settings. If I tweaked a setting while in a earlier saved program, the tweak also returns after power-cycling. There's a clear to "pre-set's" function that returns mine to the earlier saved fixed program settings. I went with another unit and can't recall the menu/page. Their customer service was helpful.
It's a great piece pf equipment once you figure out how to use it. It's not something you'll master in an hour or a few days, it's extremely complicated with all it's features and requires hands-on work to master. I have no complaints with mine but the learning curve is steep. In all it's an amazing value for the money.
ULTRACURVE PRO DEQ2496 Ultra-High Precision 24-Bit/96 kHz Equalizer, Analyzer, "Feedback Destroyer" and Mastering Processor *4 concurrently selectable EQ modules (31-band graphic EQ, 10-band parametric EQ, Feedback Destroyer plus 3 Dynamic EQs per stereo channel) Remarkably the manufacture's website seems full of pertinent information on the intended use and functionality of respective products, such as this one.
I'm not 100% sure, but I know I use unbalanced outs with no issues.
Yes. There are 1" x 3" 'L' brackets, one at each end being held in place by 2 Phillip screws each. Great mixer! So quiet; I do not have a source in the whole studio as quiet.
If I recall correctly, the FX sends are pre-fader from the factory. However, there are tutorials on the internet to modify the sends to be post-fader. It involves cutting traces on the pcb and (possibly) soldering some jumpers to the board. I haven't done it myself, but I haven't had the need to (yet). Cheers.
No it is not.
No. It's a line mixer. Not a microphone mixer.
No phantom power on this one. It's a line mixer. It does have toggle switches to adjust for -10dbU / +4dbV. I've had mine for a few months now, and it's still working great.
It comes with screws, about 50 of them.
Yes - but only if you mount it at the bottom so that the center of gravity does not tip the mount over. The combined weight limit of the unit is 75 lbs...
No you can't, but the tilt is slight. It needs to be a little tilted, so that the gear doesn't fall forward. This is a great rack
No, the front is welded at that angle to a flange (that is bolted to the bottom). But the angle is not extreme (~5 degrees off the perpendicular), and it is comfortable to use on a desk or workstation.
It works fine for Cisco Switches
It was long and skinny. I'd say probably 4"x4"x24", but don't remember for sure as it was a few months ago. The product box came packed in an Amazon box that seemed to be sized appropriately.
No
I'd guess not, depending on what you mean by occasional. It seemed stable to me when I moved it from my work-bench to where I set it up. If I was going to be moving it regularly (i.e. gigging) I'd probably look for some kind of road-case kind of enclosure that is truly designed to be moved about.
Yes. They should fit perfect on top on the platform. They may hang over a little but the stands themselves are sturdy enough to hold them without a problem. I think they are rated to hold up to 75lbs.
What I have found is that the stands have too small a base to support anything off-center. I re-tasked my stands from holding speakers for my home theater to supports for my JBL Praxxis 14 monitors. With that weight, they are very unsteady and I had to sandbag the bases (not very practical). With a monitor arm attached, I am afraid you would be greatly disappointed when the stand tips and your equipment hits the floor. Might I suggest an adjustable stand with a WIDE base.
I've got 30 pounders on mine. They could hold more.
Yes from the manufacturer. There is little to fail actually. Strong construction, easy to assemble and adjust and level with tri-point leveling pins.
One pair I ordered delivered (2) stands. You only need (2) not (4) :-)
I think so. The base on these stands is quite wide. You might want to strap the speaker to the stand though. I have a pair of M-Audio BX5's on mine. These stands are big enough that they are complete overkill for my application. I don't think there would be any problem with these stands supporting 35lbs.
About 4 inches
Will be perfect!
Only if you were to plug the bottom but there is really no need they are very sturdy and unless you use them for tackling dummies they are not going to fall over. I've had them for more than 2 years and I LOVE THEM.
Indeed it is for the pair.
Yes
14-15 inch depending on the inclusion of the ball on the end. including the ball they measure 15 inches
Overall length is 15".
14-15
No
Yes it does
Yes I did hahaha they're very light and serve their purpose well.
INSIDE dimensions: 41" overall length; 12 1/2" overall width; 19 1/2" from neck support to case end (body area); 12 1/2" from case end back to accessory pocket (neck area).
No sir. That's Actually the measure of the case. My LTD measure is 39 1/2", so it fits perfect!
I believe it's similar in size to a Strat. If it is, it will fit.
It should fit. I bought one for my son's Fender Squire Strat and it fit perfectly. When I first opened the box I was a little nervous because it was considerably smaller than my old case that he was using (I had an old after market that was WAY to big). Also, it seems to allow stickers and spray paint to stick well to the outside. Kids, hmff!
yes
Yes it will.
I do not think an acoustic will fit in this case. It's not deep enough. It fits a standard electric guitar very nicely.
43 inches long by 15 wide and 4 inches deep. The case fits my Telecaster nicely. I don't think you can beat it for the money!
I don't know why Amazon shows the shipping box dimensions as the case dimensions, they make it extremely hard for dealers to correct it also, which doesn't help either, I recommend buyers contact the seller first to ask for interior dimensions on cases, we are happy to provide that info, we have spent hours on the phone with Amazon just to resolve ONE product issue, they really need to update their system to make it easier for sellers to provide corrected info, again keep in mind the product dimensions shown is usually for the shipping box and not the item itself, sorry you had any issues.
Yes
Yes - just request a black cover via Amazon message after ordering.
Well... that is a tricky question to answer because the amp (or a modeler if you use one) also affects the tone a great deal as does the way you play and the guitar. I'd say that they are a decent representation but you have to consider that the pickup itself is only part of the tone you are hearing on their website. I like the SD sound samples because they don't use a lot of effects (i.e., unlike Dimarzio) but if you can I suggest checking youtube for a more diverse sampling of what the pickup can achieve.
RW/RP isn't always the same for every manufacturer. So... if you are mixing and matching sets but still want the noise cancelling for the parallel positions you have to be careful. Although, keep in mind that some people don't want noise cancelling because they think it causes the 'bell-like chime' to disappear. Either way, to be sure you know exactly what you are getting I suggest finding an online retailer you can actually call to place your order in so that you get exactly what you want. Some retailers let you mix and match for the same cost as buying a set of three and some might not be that cool.
I recommend Seymour Duncan Custom Staggered SSL-5 Pickup(smooth rich tone.i bought one for my fender.bridge position) or fender texas special pickups(these have that fender tone,came stock in my fender these are in my neck position and middle position.both are different. Strings DR'S or ernie balls if he is just learning I recommend lit gauge strings just make sure he is dedicated to playing before you start adding new pickups strings ect....I have seen a lot of nice guitars in closets for years untouched.
Yes but the first thing to understand is that the inputs are 1/4 mono phone (not phono) high impedance jacks. Most consumer and some specialized professional mics feature a 1/8" Phone plug, so you would need to obtain an adapter. A stereo one will work fine, because the center pole is simply common or not used in tis type of input. See http://www.amazon.com/Hosa-MHE310-Headphone-Adapter-10-Feet/dp/B00BGDMIOG/ref=sr_1_3?ie=UTF8&qid=1396455476&sr=8-3&keywords=1%2F8%22+to+1%2F4%22+phone+plug Now, some older, semi-pro Mics by Sure, AV, etc.(and many new cheap consumer Mics for Karaoke machines, etc.), come ready to go, with a 1/4" plug or 1/8" to 1/4" adapter included. See http://www.amazon.com/Audio-Technica-ATR-1100-Unidirectional-Instrument-Microphone/dp/B002HJ61PK/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&qid=1396455714&sr=8-2&keywords=karaoke+microphone But, you can also use a professional low impedance Mic, such as a Sure SM58, which has an 3pin XLR connector, but you will need an impedance adapter. See http://www.amazon.com/CP8201-Microphone-Impedance-Matching-Transformer/dp/B0002CZYFC/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1396455842&sr=8-1&keywords=low+impedance+mic+adapter Finally, with an external mixer, you could use any number of mics, or outside sends and sources from keybards and guitars, to stereo systems and more, including other higher end UHF and Digital wireless systems, which is what I do! You just to match the impedance and connections.
Turn down the gain from the individual input for the radio.
Yes yes for several hours. Great little machine purchase a wired mic the mic that comes with it is not so great
works great- torecharge just plug it in until the light confirms the battery is completely charged. I get about 6 hours of operation from an 8 hr charge
Yes you can. My wife uses this speaker for her Zumba classes and hooks up her iPhone to it. While it doesn;t have a dock, all you need is a 3.5mm cable (http://amzn.to/1gSwCBE) with a 3.5mm to 1/4" adapter (http://amzn.to/1iaZ7yR). Insert the small plug into your device and the large end into the AUDIO IN jack on the speaker.
Amazon
using av cords you should be able to.
I have no idea, but Pyle help has worked with me on questions and given me suggestions.
mostly mics. haven't used for music.
About 20 lbs. It has a top handle to carry and a handle that lifts up for rolling on the wheels like a suitcase. I find it very easy to manage.
Just measured: it's 10" in diameter. The lowest seat height is 14" (13.5" with the bolt removed)
The shortest setting puts the top of the seat at 14 inches off the ground. The tallest setting puts the top of the seat at almost 19 inches off the ground.
i think it is only 100 or so it is for my son.I am not sure about the warrty sorry I do not have any more information for you.
Absolutely! It has many different instrument sounds and rhythms. It could fit in anywhere!
The best suggestion would be a keyboard amp, like a Peavey KB1 or any of the Roland KC amps.
Go online, there's some really great Web sites that specialize on QChord accessories.
2 days tops.
Semi-gloss.
Yes. I don't do scrap-booking, but this a excellent way to post pictures or notices. It is limitless in the possibilities. Give it a try. Good luck!
Yes. Here's an example: www.youtube.com/watch?v=P2K2VnFPkIw
I've had mine for almost a year, and I use it a lot and take it back and forth to practices and shows. Nothing's broken and everything's still working. Though obviously I wouldn't recommending throwing it on the ground or anything. I always transport it using the box and Styrofoam supports that it came in, just to be safe.
No
Yes! But you'll need a usb/midi interface and you need to assign the pedals as hotkeys for whatever you want it to do. I haven't tried it with GarageBand but I know it works with logic
There are several MIDI interfaces for IPad. I use the Behringer IS202. Irig makes one as well
I use with amplitude on my ipad3. The pedal itself has no effects on its own
yes. This works with anything that has midi.
If the Peavey accepts standard midi protocol, it should work.
I don't use that program or windows, but maybe this video could help? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wACkMPfcEEA The video tutorial is actually for Mac, but this windows program helps set up the FCB1010: https://secure.mtnsys.com/faq-fcb/PCEditorBeta.htm I don't use that editor particularly, cause I don't use windows, but hopefully it can get you started.
It is a metal case but the buttons are plastic as are both foot pedals.
USB converter works perfectly fine with this microphone. Computer recognized the external mic.
Male end.
Yes, it comes with a Box, Bag, and Clip
No, there are no cables, but it cames with all you need to mount your shure in a microphone stand
Yes. That is the only way I've used Mics for over 20 years. I prefer to use it through a Mixer console which gives me greater range of sound in terms of Bass, Treble, Mids, and gain.
It's the exact same mic. "LC" means "less cable". It was a package deal. There used to be an SM57-CN. That package included a cable. So, an SM57 and an SM57-LC are identical mics.
No. You have to purchase an XLR cable separately.
57 and 57LC are the same mic. Supposedly the LC stands for "less cable" indicating that the non-LC model is supposed to come with an XLR cable. I've never seen it bundled as such. The 58 is technically the sameic capsule in a different body, so either one would work as well as the other. You don't really want either for a video production boom pole. That's the realm of a shotgun mic.
From what I understand, you can attach as many as you have free USB ports (not into a USB hub but straight in to computer) or up to 2 additional via the midi ports on the units themselves.
yes
http://www.bing.com/videos/search?q=behringer+b+controller+logic+pro+x+youtube&FORM=VIRE2#view=detail&mid=1C215F8F0CF9A112F7CE1C215F8F0CF9A112F7CE check out this link if that doesnt work email me @ merdatboy at gmail dot com
The preset buttons allow you to page over to tracks higher than the first 8.
hello! I do not understand your question! you saw all the videos?
hey Toph, this fader is really good, and it is very easy to setup with logic9, X and even pro tools, very smooth and easy.
I'm not sure what you mean by images as I am not an expert in MIDI. If you mean things pertaining to SYSEX files, then I seem to recall that this is possible. However, you can download the manual for the BCF 2000 in Acrobat format directly from the Behringer website ( http://www.behringer.com/assets/bcf2000_p0246_m_en.pdf ).
It won't have default presets mapped in for sebelius, but you can manually program each fader and know to do what you need it to.
The C-1 is a directional microphone, best used for vocals (singing, rapping) because it only picks up in one direction and ignores pretty much everything else. The C-3 is a Dual-Diaphragm Condenser mic, so it has 3 settings, it can pick up sound all around it, front back and then it has a similar setting to be used as a directional mic. Basically it gives you a few more options, but the C-1 is pretty good if you only want a directional mic.
This microphone does require phantom power. My board provides +48 V and it works flawlessly.
NO
this microphone requires phantom power. If your audio interface or mixer does not have a Phantom power supply built in, you will need to purchase a phantom power supply to insert into your signal chain.
Angel, it is a fairly easy procedure! You will need an Analog to Digital interface (one that has a phantom power supply usually 48V)...then you connect the Interface to your PC (via USB cable) and the microphone to the interface (be sure to use only a microphone XLR cable (as a cable that has one female XLR end and a 1/4" mono jack, will not transmit phantom power that the mic. needs to operate... There is another way of connecting the microphone if you have a studio mixing board w/phantom power... Just connect the microphone to the mixing board (again use only a cable with male and female XLR plugs)... Then the board runs to the interface and into your PC.... I hope this helps! If you have further questions on connection methods you can catch me on Twitter (@SoundwaveIntox) or through my website at www.soundwaveintoxicationrecordingstudio.com Again, I hope this helps you out!
Xlr input.
In my opinion it is too sensitive for live performance without feedback being an issue. It is more appropriate for recording in a studio environment. Just my opinion, it may work for you.
No.
Not especially. I bought this mic, the clip broke and I have been unable to use it since without holding it. I Love Behringer products, but this is a really shoddily built mic. Id say save up a little more and get the Blu Yeti. 100x better quality and well built.
there is a youtube video about it
This Nady (SP-1) is a pretty decent mic. For the price, its hard to beat. Keep in mind, this is not going to perform like a Shure SM-58. It is, however, a good solid mic that will give you a clean sound with nice highs and a surprisingly good midrange. You should have no problem with harmonies because it does have a pretty nice range and the vocal quality is there. I also think this would work well with a piano, for the same reasons.
No this mic has an xlr (male) connector on the bottom of it. I use it as a talk back mic so that I can talk to the people on the stage while I am sitting at the front of house position (in a pro audio environment). I am guessing you want to use this for karaoke and there are adapters out to make it work for you. http://www.amazon.com/Hosa-Angled-Stereo-Female-Cable/dp/B000068NZG/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1375893807&sr=8-1&keywords=female+xlr+to+1%2F8 this would work.
It is a dynamic mic so it will send more of a signal than a condenser mic but it still won't be a very powerful signal without sending it to a preamp before sending it to the recording device. I am not familiar with the device you are using but assuming there is a 1/8" input jack and you are using a 1/8" to 1/4" adapter you will be stuck with whatever mic level signal is coming from the mic without the ability to adjust gain (without adding distortion). I am not sure why you don't just use a better option, this way is not the best. There are adapters/systems for sale that allow you to plug a mic into you iPhone and other handheld digital recorders that come with an XLR input and a gain pot. Having one of these will give you a better result and more recording options.
I'm not aware of any. I'm sure one could be fashioned to use, but you run the risk of the unit becoming unstable and damage to your other equipment should your modification fail.
If you have a tightening knob or mechanism on this speaker I would say yes, it would fit. The outer diameter of the post on this stand is 1 3/8". So I feel like it would accommodate a speaker with a 1.5" hole, as long as you have a mechanism to tighten it down to hold it in place. Hope this helps.
The OD of the Pyle speaker stand is 1.383 to 1.388 inches taken by digital caliper just now. Thats just a bit larger than 1 and 3/8 inches (1.375) so might not fit.
The hub upon which the speaker is to be placed measures 3.5 cm (1 3/8 inches)... Measure the receptacle into which the speaker stand will go to see if it will fit... Your speaker may have ribs; if so, measure the distance between those ribs... Hope this helps... It is a nice stand for the money... Tom
About 3' (.09 M ) - and the center tube stays well up away from the ground/floor - I use mine for holding up portable radio antenna masts , very pleased with the Pyle-Pro stand, it's a good value for the price. hope this helps. if you have more questions about this stand feel free to ask
You might contact Pyle to see if they sell the non-slip rubber feet or you can measure the diameter of the legs and check this site: http://www.componentforce.com/category/35/rubber-feet?gclid=CK_GpLjB07wCFSYOOgod2E4AMQ
I'm not sure. It might be metal or a really sturdy aluminum since it's not that heavy.
As cheaply made as they are, I wouldn't think these stands would have issues with any 10" speaker. We use 12's and 15's and they seem to have problems with the weight. The minimum height is about 3 feet off of the ground. Other options, if they don't need to be adjustable, is to look into pipe and drape bases with the short 2-3 foot poles. We use them for some front monitors at shows when they need to rise up to stage height.
Yes, it will work on the eon615.
Yes, it will support the Alto.
Yes
Using two 16 ohm would be the same as using four 8 ohm. You would be getting about 30 watts of power to the speakers. That is not much!
Yes.
Dude..i dont see why not..the mixer has rca inputs which i connected from my, phone , laptop and it works fine
The Pyle-Pro PMX802M has powered 1/4" R/L outputs. One could use a direct box to convert the powered signal from the Mixer/AMP to a line signal to connect the Seismic powered subwoofer.
Hi. Their idea of 800 watts sounds much more like 120 watts, in comparison to a small Peavey or Kustom system (both of which I've owned before). Inside a coffee house, I had to turn it up to 60%, inside a sports bar more like 90%. You'll get more volume if you turn all the tone controls way up, but I don't like doing that.
There are out puts to hook to a recorder.
the price is only one
you can use most anything, just have the cable to fit speaker ,, RCA connectors to iphone connector
On the back of the unit, there are a few knobs. One says line-in and the other says MP3 and there is also a master volume. Turn the master volume knob up 50% to 60%. If you are using the built-in iPod dock, turn the MP3 knob up until you hear sound. If that does not work, leave it up and then turn up the Line-In knob. If that produces sound, turn down the MP3 knob. the MP3 knob controls the dock. The line-in knob controls the ipod if connected via an audio line in cable. so MP3 knob should produce the sound (with Master volume up too). Master volume must be up for any sound.
Your Pyle-pro PPHP1599AI is a powered speaker while the other is not. To my understanding, you will need a amp output source to power the padh1589. Unfortunately, the PPHP1599AI will power inputs but not outputs. You may have to contact PYLE for a better response. I hope this helps.....
No it is not. I would not recommend this powered speaker. It's not what they say it is. I ordered it and receive a regular Pyle not the Pyle pro that was on the picture.
bass is decent ....speaker and functions are awesome ...comes with a red warning light to tone it down because it does have the potential to break itself...its way plenty for a small bar.
u have to use connect 2 cables on number 1 and number 2 connectors (four 1/4-inch jack mono output connectors) and then plug in the other corner into the top connection it is the microphone one an then u check the settings in ur software and then test the output audio
Yes. Works great. Has dock for ipod and charges at the same time
Depends where you gonna use it.... for the price i would take the two 1600 watts and you can adjust the sound as you want.
The output is 1600 Watts
power out put of the unit is 80W. speaker is surely adequate (and has good clarity) for most uses, indoors or out. Brent
Yes, you may use this amp with a guitar and a wireless mic together, since it already comes with the mic, you can just plug in your guitar.
It will depend on the brand of battery, I think. I use the Raython which is the cheapest that Walmart carries. I have changed it one time since I have been using it. I use it for about 3 hours a week. I have had it for several months. It has been very good for me!
Yes, there is a quarter inch input jack for wired mic, wireless reciever, etc.
I'm not using it for that purpose. However, I believe it has potential. May have to try it before you know.
My unit has a non-detachable power cord, so I do not know how to answer your question.
I purchases in December..it still works!
The manual says there are 98 frequencies and up to 98 amplifiers can work together at the same time. http://www.pyleaudio.com/sku/PWMA100/Rechargeable-Portable-PA-System-with-Wireless-MIC The manual is available at the pyle website.
GrandSon Loved It.
Pretty much any CD player that has a 'line out' jack you can connect to this unit. I have never had the need to connect a CD player - yet - but there isn't any certain brand, just has to have the line out and connect to the unit 'line in'. I am very pleased with my unit.
It is portable with a battery.
Yes you can get a wireless mic and plug that will fit in the auxillary input.
Yes, we use it for our PE program. It works great outdoors because of its rechargeable battery.
works fine. this unit is quite heavy....recently, I found a similar lighter weight product at Costco but not sure it has the microphone.
Not from my personal experience.
Wireless mic that's included is not that good or very loud. Probably plan on 2 wireless mic's purchases separately.
Yes, It has wireless Audio Streaming.
Depending on the size of the area you are covering, the unit runs at 800Watts max and will cover a range of 100ft.
Yes standard 110v
No Bluetooth capability.
No. The wireless microphone that comes with it is programmed to the unit. I own two systems and both microphones only work with the respective system. However, there are microphones you can buy that you can plug a 3.55 mm audio jack into the PA system that are wireless to the microphone.
If you put it in line with your input, yes. There is no "insert" for effects or EQ.
Hi! I have an android phone. I literally just opened up my music and Pandora app and it played. I just plugged the cord into the headphone spot!
Unfortunately, the quality of the unit was so poor that we returned withing a couple weeks of purchase. If we were more than 5 ft. from the unit with the wireless mic, the mic would cut out.
Base on your description, I believe you have an amplified speaker. All you need is a mono to stereo audio cable that has a 1/4" in one end and 2 RCA on the other end. plug the rca side to the white and red input, and the 1/4" end to the mic receiver.
I just plug my mics into my karaoke player.I would say yes in answer to your question
I'm pretty sure you have to plug these into some kind of system for them to work through your speakers.
It only comes with 3 1/4" output slots, a slot for mic A, mic B and mix (which will allow you to use both mic A and B from one channel on the mixer/amps)
Never tried it but you should be able to, most recording software will recognise the input so you shouldn't have a problem. You can plug the other end of the 1/4 into the mix port and you should be able to use both mics.
Yes
As far as I know, each receiver will only accept two mic inputs, and I believe, though am not 100% certain, that each pair of mics has a matched frequency to the receiver they come with. You could always use a splitter and combine the signals from the two mic receivers/4 mics before the amplifier.
yes you can as long as you have the right connection to the receiver
You will need a separate amplifier and speakers. I plugged the PylePro into the Mic. input of a 60 watt power and it drives two 15 watt speakers. Great clarity! Plenty of punch.
Frequency range: VHF 160-270MHz
Yes, this unit needs to be plugged into a separate amp or mixer. It cannot stand alone.
Yes, a quarter cable
when you ask 'talk to' I am presuming you are asking if you can talk "On" each mic individually, in effect at the same time. Yes. You can have all mics turned on (hot) and use all 4, or just 2 or 3, at the same time. I used mine within just a couple feet of each other and did not have any issues with squelch or feeback. I was very impressed with the unit, especially for the price. Hope this helps
I purchased one of those systems, but I returned it. I found the UHF signal to be a lot better. I do not sell them either.
No it doesn't need to be plugged into 2 channels. It works with 1 channel.
Yes it can.
No idea.
not that i know of, but the headsets are light and work great
I think if you use a 1/4 to 1/8" you may be able to. I never needed to do that, but it may be something that is possible.
I don't know
The total length of these screws is one inch. Excluding the head, the length is 7/8 of an inch.
Not real tight, but it will hold it pretty firmly.
The ones I have are combo style allowing you to use either a flathead or Phillips screwdriver. I used a socket driver with a cordless screwdriver to install mine; 1/4" socket I believe. That way I could apply some pressure and the screws would self-tap into the wood w/o having to drill a pilot hole.
I'm using these items on the interior of my home. They are not stainless steel. I haven't tried it on the exterior.
No, they do not contain a nut driver bit.
Yes they should, perhaps even have some wiggle room. If it's heavily insulated just grab any coaxial cable and compare. As long as the diameter is about the same it should work. Hope this helps.
It does NOT set to a certain key to tune as it just allows to tune ALL the notes in turn. You play a note, it detects what note you are trying to play and displays it along with the needle pointing straight up if you are right on or left/right if you are low/high. As you change the tone of the instrument in tuning, the needle moves so that you can get it in tune as straight up. Thus, you tune a plethora of notes as shown on a normal piano keyboard, bottom to top. You can tune A,B,C,D,E,F,G and the sharps and flats of all the notes. I've tuned pianos, violin, and guitar with it. It also will emit a sound (that you set). That way you can tune by ear to the sound.
Sharon I hadn't really thought about that but when I read your question I took it out of the box & turned it on. I made sounds as singing different notes and the hand started going to different notes and working. It did just like when I used it to tune my violin. I hope this helps you.
I have not tried to use the Korg for Voice - I have Cats and Dogs here and I'd rather not frighten them by trying to sing . Sorry I can't help ~ !!
You can't tune a harmonica, but you can tuna fish.
You can set the response according to Hz and then it shows the keys
Yes. I've used it tune a couple of pianos, my violin, and my guitar. It works great. But don't forget to push the buttons and make sure it is calibrated to 440 Hz (I made that mistake). I also bought the microphone. I think it helps to screen out background noise.
It has an output but I think you'd need a headphone jack adapter. The output is too big for regular headphones. I haven't tried connecting my headphones with the adapter yet.
that is a good question,since it will read all stringed instruments yes it should.
Yes, it should work on any stringed instrument, including a piano. However, tuning a piano is difficult, and best left to a professional tuner. But tuning a guitar or ukulele is quite easy.
It should be able to tune anything. It tells you the note it is "hearing" relative to A440 concert pitch that orcestras tune to. If you play a trnsposing instrument like a clarinet or sax, you need to make the adjustment yourself, just as you would when playing with an orchestra or band. I hope tis helps.
Yes it has a microphone built in...
Yes you can. If the 12th fret is sharp then turn the screw to the right. If flat, turn left until it in perfect tuning or close to it. I use a Babicz's bridge and Gotoh head stock tuners. This improves the tuning and intonation quite a bit. It's very easy to check the intonation with a Babicz's bridge. It has cams instead of set screws and a string saddle. Hope this helped!
Hello Bob , I own the GA-40 and it so simple to use works really great every time.Now, I have a few friends that have the GA-1 which also is an outstanding value and works flawlessly also the only difference being that the GA-40 has it's buttons positioned differently.They are on the side of the screen instead of the bottom of the screen which as far as I can tell is only for looks,no difference in performance and the only difference is that the GA-40 has a slightly bigger digital display screen it's about a 1/2 inch larger.You can't go wrong with either unit they both do same thing, tune our guitars and basses and do it very well.
The Korg TM50 has the metronome and would be your best bet
Yes it is; with the available flat/sharp/440 pitch indicator...and a "flat" select button for what you are specifically asking about!! Great product - good luck.
Since a violin is a simple stringed instrument too, it will work for what you need...good luck!!
This is the strap we bought for our 5th grader and it was fine. Perfect even.
We do not have the green one listed, but can get it from one of our vendors. We can send you an invoice through PayPal if interested. Please send me your email using this format. bgmusicatbgmusicemail.com
I checked with my vendors and the junior is not available at this time. Sorry for any confusion.
Yes
Yes, that's a small shank horn.
I use it with a .492 bore King 2B. It depends on the bore size of your instrument. You might need a 6 1/2 AL-L (large bore) mouthpiece.
My ten year old son uses this mouthpiece for the baritone in his school band. He seems to have no problem with it.
Yup, I use this on a small bore tenor, sounds great!
Hi, I bought the case for an American-made early 1990s Gibson SG Standard classic which is a typically-sized SG. This guitar fits the case very well & the case is sturdy & well constructed.As you have an Epiphone made in Korea I assume the specs would be the same or very similar but suggest you email the seller telling them exactly what you have & whether your model is compatible. The best of luck to you. Tim
Yes, a left handed SG model will definitely fit in this case.
Canada
To my knowledge all SG's are the same overall length and width. It should fit perfectly.
No
Hi, Yes it will fit. I tested the fit with my 1971 Gibson SG Deluxe that has a factory Gibson/Bigsby B5. It fits perfectly with the arm swung back around. And it even fits only slightly more snug with the arm over the pickguard. But, of course you would then be slightly detuning and stretching the spring. I hope this helps. Good luck!
A strat WILL NOT fit in this case
If it is the exact same size and shape as a Gibson SG it will.
JUST under 6" by measurement.
No, I used the ones that came with it because I was mounting into 5/8" thick wood paneling. You may need longer screws depending on your application.
It's all an advantage! Because the holes are inline with one another, you can attach Hercules directly to a stud to insure holding power. You would never want to attach your guitar holder to drywall alone. That a heart-breaker waiting to happen. What you need to do is ask around to see if you know someone with a stud-finder (aka stud sensor). Once you determine where the studs are, mark both sides and place Hercules right in the middle. Get some 2 1/2" wood screws from a local hardware roughly the same diameter if not the same of the screws from Hercules package. Drill pilot holes with a bit diameter smaller than the screw diameter through the drywall and into the stud. Put up Hercules, hang your little brother on it and he he doesn't fall your good!
You would need to predrill holes, but I don't see why it wouldn't work if you did that.
All one piece....but I never used them because the mount did not appear strong enough to just hang on the wall. I was afraid I'd have falling vintage guitars so I opted out of these. The only other way I could use them was to mount a board over my wall and then mount them to the board. Hope this helps.
Again...I would not use these to mount any of my guitars unless I did some type of reinforcement board behind the three screw mount. There is another type of hercules mount that looked sturdier but I ended up going an entirely different route on my guitars. I think you should google reviews for this particular mount by people who own instruments before you make this decision.
Upon seeing your question I took my classical guitar and put it up there. The Hercules holds it perfectly.
The difference in tension betwen normal and hard is about 1 pound difference per string. It's like the difference between .010 and .011 on steel string, though the tension will be less I believe than either of those.
Sounds like you got a defective set. I would return it.
If the strings are not holding tune and the adjustment knobs are not moving then the strings need to be replaced. Download jamPlay app. It has a tuner that works well.
No. Just secure with the traditional wrap.
I don't see why not
The title needs to say 3 sets despite of the image. A single set would be around $6-7 while three sets would be around $14-15.
No they don't. Majority of the time nylon strings do not have ball ends
Its a little bigger Bit Anyways shoud fix if you know how ti adjust ir there.is a tool you.can. cut ir so make ir shorter. But i suggest test it first and then decide ir ir fix or to cut ir.
Yes buddy!
If the instrument does not have a mounting stud then one would be needed. Our mandolin already had one so we did not need to instal one. Our ukulele does not have a mounting stud and we have not used the strap with it.
As long as there is a space for a shoestring to pass through the space above the nut, the strap should work.
All of the ones we bought had the extensions included, we have purchased several. I think there were two extensions. These are great straps especially for mandolins and ukeleles!
You shouldn't have to drill a hole in your instrument. As to whether it will work with a "concert size" ukelele I don't know because I don't have one. Is your ukelele a small one or is it a tenor or baritone ukelele? If it's a small one this strap should work just fine as long as your ukelele has an strap pin at the bottom end like guitars have. You slip one end of this strap over that and if your ukelele has another strap pin put the other end over that. If you're using a small ukelele one end of the strap can wrap around the head-stock just above the nut so it won't interfere with the strings or the tuning machines.
We have purchased several of these and did not experience any missing parts
Yes one pair is a little higher pitched than the other pair, which is the way it should be, yes there is a male and a female pair on every castanet set, just like the "bongo" drums or "conga" drums or many other percussion instruments. I must add that this Danmar 925 castanets is a very fine set for the price, the strings, the finish and the sound are beautiful, I saw one of my friends playing this castanets and I order a set, this sounds as good as a $300.00 pair made from grenadilla wood from Spain. I hope this help you, don't hesitate to mail me if you need more info. And Amazon service is great. Thank you for asking.
These are 2 inches across-3 inches high and about 3/4 inch thick.
No, these castanets are not made of wood. They are made of a heavy plastic, about the size of an egg. They have a very authentic and pleasant tone.
It doesn't come with a cloth , but the polishing cloth's are pretty cheap.
hi sam, lemon oil is the way to go. scott Also music nomad guitar polish works well for the rest of the guitar.
Yes
Only the body, for everything else you'll have to buy something different I recommend the Dunlop cleaning kit bundle comes with everything you might want for about $20 dollars
Yes
Hello Peter, I recommend Dunlop Formula 65, works great on my Guitars. Thanks,Leo.
Hello, In my opinion no, it would seem that a soft cloth that's not abrasive should clean it, maybe a little window cleaner on the cloth.
Hello, I've used on my new guitar, but I'm not sure if this will clean up wax. Try google for that information. Thanks,Leo.
absolutely! Just remember, don't spray directly onto the wood, spray onto the cloth liberally instead.
I own both the Ovation and the Yamaha. In my opinion the Ovation has better action and richer sound. The ovation also has a very easy adjustment to lower the action. The down side is that the hard case for the ovation is more expense. How that helps. I own 2 Yamaha's 6 & 12 also 2 6 string Ovation.s
It us full sized from a fretboard standpoint but it is mid depth body / I think is what ovation calls it. Great guitar especially for the price. I bought two - one I use as a acoustic electric and the second for my 8-yr old daughter.
Yes u can. I put Ernie ball slinky acoustic extra light and some awesome my friend it's all up to.
The box is sort of triangular shaped at 20 inches wide, 43 inches long and 5 1/2 inches deep. It can be placed into a more square box if needed.
I've used it with several makes and models. Works just fine
Yes it should fit swimmingly
The one I bought is very well made. It will take the thickness of just about any harmonica. But mine will not take anything longer than a 10 hole harmonica.
My guess is as long as it is not one of those cheaply made dollar store kazoo's it will work just fine.
Heart of Gold is in the key of G...Neil Young's tunes go from a onward, depending on the tune.
No
NO.
Probably. You can rotate the vertical part of the rack 180 degrees and change the height of the instrument by an inch plus you can get a little adjust through rotating it a little more or less than 180.
With a tape measurer the harmonica holder will fit a harmonica that is 4.25 inches comfortably. My golden melody has less than 3/8 room to adjust from left to right when i set it in. Hopefully this was helpful. Height wise i can open it 1.5 inches when i really try to open it. I have a hohner chromatica at home, i will update when i get home.
is perfect, I use it while I play guitar and I can make even solo. take it.
some cushioning, maybe a quarter inch.
there are no inside pockets but the two outside pockets measure 16" x 12".
Yes it should fit if its a 61 key board...double check ur piano box to see if its a 61 key board.
My 61 key keyboard is a little snug in this bag but it fits none the less. This the exact keyboard i keep in it if you want the specific specs of it Alesis QX61 61-Key Advanced USB/MIDI keyboard Controller
inside is roughly 36in x 15in x 4 1/2
Comfort-wise and ability to hold it yes. Assuming it is long enough to be comfortable for you there won't be any issues with this handling the weight!
Fully extended it's 48". Shortest I can make it is 36". By the way, I've had this thing for some time and use it daily, and it looks like new except for some paint worn off the clip where it's attached to the D rings on my briefcase.
This strap is straight but very comfortable. Hope this helps.
No, the wide part of the strap connects to the narrow ends with flexible plastic parts that look like leather. Very comfortable, by the way.
yes you will be able to carry 25 pounds I'm a mail carrier and I got one for my satchel on a ad day I carryabout 25 pounds on my shoulder and it's like a rubber band and it bounced back so 25 pounds you could carry
Approximately 1.5"
I don't know, never heard of a Binh strap. However, this strap is strong & easy on your neck & shoulder- soft. One side is grippie( rubber texture). Hardware is metal, strong. Handles heavy weight & rough handling. Pad is straight & flexible- strap is light weight. I use it for my hunting bag, quality appears very, & the price. I'll be buying more- very, satisfied. Hope this helps.
It might be a little too large for the 1/8." The smallest dimension is about 3/16"
2 3/4 inches
I'm not sure you'd want to sling a suit case that heavy on your shoulder. I mean, it might work, but it could be too much stress for it. It is very comfy for computer bag, but not designed for luggage.
It perfectly fits a 1950s Gibson ES 150 and a 1950s Gibson L7C, both of which are 17-inch lower bout archtops with a 25.5 inch scale.
I can only confirm it fits a 17-inch Gibson archtop.
Yes. The case has a three roller lock. You line up the three numbers you've selected to open the lock.
This case is for guitars with a 17" lower bout, so the 00-15M at 14 5/16" lower bout would be small for this case. Martin sells the 00-15M with their number 350 hardshell case. The Martin 350 flat top hardshell case can be purchase seperately for around $100.
It fits my Gibson L7c and 50's Es 150.
This humidifier is great for laminated and solid guitars in case, soft case and gig bags. Bring a great sound to your guitar.
I would think you'll have some benefit to using this humidifier, but I believe they're most effective when storing the guitar in it's case. If I left mine out on a stand I'd probably opt for humidifying the entire room, (if you can close it off from other rooms and keep the humidity stable).
I think it fits a standard guitar hole. I have a Martin orchestra model and it was a little too big. I used scissors to cut one of the ears off and it fits great now.
This looks like the "standard" one, which is made to fit dreadnought-sized guitars and similar. The classical one, meanwhile, is made to fit classical guitars and smaller steel-string guitars. Unfortunately, for some guitars, like my Martin 00-18V, this one is too big, and the classical one is really a little small. I think the Kyser website might have exact measurements for the range of sound holes each is designed to fit into.
Yes, you can connect any device to the system... it has an adapter cable that fits 1/4 inch or 3.5 mm plugs. As to having to be docked in order to control the volumes and track selections... you are able to adjusted volumes which ever way you prefer (the device or the system), however your track selections must be controlled from the device.
Never used it non stop until the battery died but I'm a PE teacher and a fully charged battery can last just about all day or 7 30 minute blocks of usage before it starts to get low.
Yes
You can dock a iPhone 4S or older , if its a iPhone 5 you need a adapter to make it the lightning plug
This unit caught on fire in 20 minutes. In my humble opinion, you might not want to leave in another room unattended:):)
Go to any quality music store and buy a Marshall amp cord, it's the same thing.. &#128521;
No it can't. Save your money. I wanted to return this item, but they wanted to charge me for shipping it back. If I would have shipped it back, it would have cost me 30.00. I wish someone had told me about it , before I lost my money. I only got to use it once, before it broke.
Several hours. Check the item description. and google the item title for blog discussions for more details. I think it also matters on what you hook up to it, but I'm not certain. It's also ok to keep it plugged in while it is in use.
Sorry bought for a friend
Not to my knowledge but it has AUX and iPod dock.
It works well with speakers. Very study. As long as the boxes have the grooves for the holes in the middle, below, it'll be fine
They are adjustable at least head high 6-7 feet
With legs folded and pole recessed, both fit with the cables in the carry bag which is 5 inches high, 8 inches wide, and 42 inches long. Easily stored in trunk or even on floor behind the front seat of any car.
The cables were useless to me. They were some type of mono jacks maybe for a guitar or something like that.. I bought a set of XLR cables.. They worked the best..
I just went and measured the poles, and they actually measure 1 5/16". So they should easily fit your 1 3/8" mounts.
As long as pole diameter and the receptacle socket matches...have used my pair with several different speakers depending on venue. No complaints so far and cost was factor in choice. Also the wide stance easily supported set of 15" box with confidence.
since its a soft sided case its a bit tricky to measure but see if this helps: My keyboard is 51 inches and with it pushed up against one end of the case I have 2 in of clearance at the other. Front to back my keyboard is slightly over 11 inches and I have closer to 2 1/2 inches extra in the back. My estimation is there would only be about a 1/2 in difference in either direction between the outside dimensions and the inside dimensions. This is more of a "gig bag" type case which was exactly what I was looking for. It is light weight and doesn't add too much to the problem of carrying the keyboard from place to place and keeps it clean and dry in between. Nice strap for putting over your shoulder. It is not a highly padded case that would protect a keyboard from something heavy being dropped on it for example. Good luck.
#15-KB 88-Note Slim - 54.5" x 14.5" x 5.25" (138.4cm x 36.8cm x 13.3cm)
I'm not sure. I have a privia px300. It fits nicely, with maybe a 1/2" to spare on the width. You can probably check the dimensions to see how yours compares. Great soft case. Not for knocking around though.
I have no idea. It works for my Yamaha 85. Sorry I can't help.
I have put the bag in storage for now so I can't weigh it for you - but it was pretty light. I can tell you that when I used is with the shoulder straps it quickly tore open at the seems below the rings for that. I then could only carry it with the handles. This was within a couple of months of ownership - I would never buy one of these again.
Well, i have a yamaha 530
I have Casio. 75 keys. Plenty of room to spare.
Sorry I can't answer that - I don't know the size of a Privia PX-150. I will stay using the shoulder straps rips the bag open.
Try using different speaker connections, I switched to use the TRS connectors and when I did I lost the buzz.
It is a pair.
Inside the box is a pair of speakers and the power cords for them. That's it. Also if you get them I would suggest getting a pair of quarter inch to Mic cables to connect them.
The speaker inputs on the back of each amplified cabinet are XLR and 1/4 TRS. You'll have to get cables with RCA to either XLR or 1/4 TRS (male on both ends). You'll only use the output female RCA plugs to connect to these speakers, left and right.
Potentially more noise.
They do not include them.
Go to monoprice, they have quality inexpensive subwoofers.
You can but you won't get low bottom bass. These are made for recording playback. They also sound better when using the XLR connectors instaed of the 1/4".
Sorry but I didn't speak about price in my review, so I cannot understand your question. :(
Yes. The long pole telescopes so to take the stand down you make the whole things shorter, then the legs just fold in. The desk is in quarters that fold , to answer your question, sort of like a piece of paper. There is a plastic tray (it's a separate part) that forms the lip on the desk: when you set the stand up and open the desk you slide the tray on to stabilize the folding pieces. Setup and takedown take just a moment. When it's collapsed the whole thing fits into a small rectangular carrying bag. It's quite clever, really. I like mine a lot.
Suggest you look at Peak Music site under Collapsible Music Stands From what I can see Models SMS 20 & 30 - tripod is tubular steel Models SMS 40 & 50 - tripod is aluminum All are 24 " long when collapsed Models 20 and 40 are 59" extended Models 30 and 50 are 47 " extended
The desk is made of plastic. The back of the desk folds up for transporting. When it's assembled you unfold the back and the tray slides on to the back which stabilizes the desk. I can see where it could get chipped or broken if handled carelessly.
I would guess it weighs about 5-5.5 lbs. It is very sturdy and is ireful when you have a good size book of music that is used...like in an orchestra, where this is used.
Mrs M and Amazon: User's Guide received with my stand did not indicate weight capacity. However, normal common sense tells us it is a music stand used to hold basic music or other light weight materials. Heavy articles could cause it to tip over, or overload the tray and/or stand legs and cause a problem. Propose you contact distributor for their official answer to your question at PL &H International 13430 Alondra Blvd Cerritos, CA 90703 Email: plh.international@gmail.com Ph. 877-754-4681 562-623-9266
I've looked at the stand extenders an I can't believe they could work as the Manhasset shelf is about 1/8th inch thick and the Peak shelf is about 3/8ths inch think.
It will support 3 pages music... will need to either fold excess of 4 pages. my guy likes this stand because good support, folds up into zipper case and lite and easy to carry.
Yes it comes in a black carrying case/bag with zippers and handles.
1.5" when attached. It holds a large 3-ring binder full of music.
It guess that begs the question "how heavy?" I have actually had two 300-page fake books on mine at the same time and have had no problem. It's really a great stand and an excellent value.
Approximately 14.5 inches by 47 inches. That's from the outside of the legs.
it has rubber like pads on top to keep the keyboard from faling off of it. I like it the only one I can find that would give me leg room, and I have 88 key Keyboard you can adjust the width to any keyboard and the height. You can slide the keyboard around, but some resistance, I can't find any other one like this for sale, so I am happy with it. works great
12-1/2".
Yes. The detented leg tips extend out of the main legs and are affixed via a heavy knobbed screw.Product Features Platform height adjustment: 26 - 43"; length adjustment: 29 - 43.5". You should also be able to stand and play with the leg tips extended
No does not shake, however I'm a novice piano player and 80 years old. LOL It does slip on the metal top a bit, but that can be adjusted with Velcro or some other "sticky" substance. Actually it fits my life style to a "T". Thanks for asking ......hope this helps.
Yes, it is very durable!
One-inch would be the maximum you can cut off.
i would not know that I have an 88 Keyboard hooked into my computer for Sonar Midi Software fits the table fine, you can wide it or shorten it. just look up the product manufacturer and they will answer you. I read the specs and that was all I needed. great for my floor pedals sitting down behind the keyboard all kind of leg space.
The Akai MPK88 weighs about 67lbs, that's a heavy board. While this stand is rated to handle that weight, I wouldn't use this for a board that heavy.
At just under 33lbs, I don't see any reason why this stand should not perform superbly for the Korg Krome 88. It has a simple design that let's you enjoy playing with confidence. I enjoy this stand quite a bit, and it's more affordable than other stands that may look nicer, but don't perform as well. Hope this helps.
No legs. It is only a back rest that attaches to the stool. You have to buy the stool separately.
It should work for most ranges of size in drummers. Very good product. Keeps me from back pain during concerts.
I use the backrest with a Pearl throne - so actually it's compatible with almost any throne (that is not hydraulic)
Sorry for the long delay on this question....If you still need an answer, mine goes about three feet from ground up. If you have any other questions please feel free to ask. I will reply much quicker next time. I hope this helps.
Chrome Grover 18:1 gear ratio tuners In stock
Mine had uncovered humbuckers....and clear knobs ....plays just fine after a few adjustments and some decent strings.....
All steel/electric strings as it is an electric guitar. The nylon strings aren't detected by the pickups.
Depends on what you mean by fat fingers. The spacing on this guitar is pretty much standard run of the mill spacing, not especially close, but not as wide as say, a classic nylon guitar. But all you have to do is look at someone like Roy Clark who did pretty well on a standard Gibson neck with his fat fingers. Just gotta try it and see. Just be sure and check the return policy before you put any money down.
Yes. It's an excellent starter violin for any age! Hope this helps.
Your violin teacher should be able to answer that, but it also depends on the size of the child. My 9 year old has used both during the past year. I would be more concerned with the quality of the violin because that makes a great deal of difference to a beginner.
I bought this as a gift for my 16 yr old niece for Christmas 2014. She STILL HASN'T BEEN ABLE TO PLAY IT! NOT ONLY WILL IT NOT STAY 'IN' TUNE, BUT SHE CAN'T EVEN GET IT TO TUNE PROPERLY ENOUGH TO START TO PLAY IT!!! She is highly musically inclined and plays a total of 13 or 14 instruments, well. Many of them are stringed. So it is NOT due to her being a newbee/amatuer. My Advice: DO NOT BUY IT!
Good question! I took the violin into an instrumental music shop, as the enclosed instructions to set up bridge weren't helpful. not being an expert I didn't want to break anything! Hope this helped.
I think it was a total of 10 lbs.
Yes
The bow is decent. It plays well (with enough rosin-make sure you put enough rosin) but there are better quality bows out there. This bow is sufficient to learn on, but if you were going to play in an orchestra or something, i would get a better one (and strings too-they both affect the sound quality.)
Yes, it does come with a tuner.
Unfortunately China. I'm betting it is a flat front and back that is pressed into shape rather than carved. But again, nothing I'm doing with it need for it to sound great and if I ever get good enough I'll spend the money then.
I don't know what you mean by no shoulder... but please don't buy this violin. It is not full size as it says and the tuning pegs will not stay in place... u don't want it
Yes, there are coax connections, this is from the manual: Surge Protected COAX/RF Connectors The H10 provides surge protection for your CATV system, Cable Modem, DSS, or Antenna system. The surge protection feature prevents surges traveling over Coaxial data lines from damaging the system. Connect the coaxial cable from the CATV or Cable Modem provider to the connector marked "IN." Connect other cable from the connector marked "OUT" to the device being protected (CATV box or Cable Modem).
I love my power conditioner. It works perfectly, and I'm glad I bought it. I don't know what the exact dimensions and weight are, but it's bigger than the description you give. Call the APC help number, and they should be able to clear up any misinformation.
I don't know since my unit is only connected to a television and a music system. However, I have had no problems of any sort with my APC, and it performs beautifully.
Yes, the lights are in blue.
I wouldn't. I prefer to give room for heat to dissipate.
Yes it will. It is a standard power conditioner. Just add up the VA of all that you wish to have good power and as long as it's under 1000, you're OK.
I tried to put it under my Halloween costume to make it look like ghost fog, it doesn't produce enough fog to come out of the costume.
I did try to fix the heating element on one, but found it cheaper and easier to replace the Stick.
It would take some modification, since the smoke only comes out when you squeeze the trigger. That causes the liquid to be squirted onto the heating element. I suppose you could rig up something where the heating element would be continually submerged in the liquid, but then you could probably do the same thing just by getting some nichrome wire (or steel wool?) and heating it up with batteries. Note that your batteries would not last long if they were being discharged continually.
Yes, mine came with printed instructions.
No noise.
Its a fog machine, no
No
I have not used it in this way, but I think the smoke would be visible.
The outside has an attachment part, so it's not round. But measures about 1.1/8 of an inch. The inside measure about 3/4 of an inch. The fog doesn't last long and isn't very strong.
It lasts quite a while. I don't use mine much but I have only put one set of batteries in.
I bought this for my 15 year old who is 5'1 and it was just the right size for her - she also has a small frame, etc.
It does stay in tune well but it's hard to say if it will need an adjustment out of the box or not. Most guitars do need to be fine-tuned after having been transported, that is pretty much standard. But you might be able to get away with not having to do it. All depends on how it was handled during transit which is pretty much impossible to know.
Neck width at 12th fret is 2 1/8 inches (first fret is 1 7/8") Body thickness is just a hair over 4 1/4" Widest part of the body is about 16 1/4" hope that helps
Per Yamaha it is a folk acoustic guitar, and per what I hear when I play I would agree it is folk.
We use a hard case because we travel with it.
Just one, you'll need string to tie around the headstock.
Yes, this guitar has a solid top, (not laminated) and does have steel strings.
Yes, this guitar comes with strap buttons on it.
only the finish
Yes, the following bag is great for this guitar! http://www.amazon.com/On-Stage-GBA4550-Acoustic-Guitar-Gig/dp/B001EZIEVW
This is the only alto recorder I've ever had. The holes are WAY too far apart for me to play. I gave it away to someone with bigger hands. I've gotten an Irish tin whistle and am trying to learn that.
Sorry, ALL Alto recorders are in the key of F. The Tenor model is in F. The full range looks like this: Sopranino - F Soprano - C Alto - F Tenor - C Bass - F
Yes. That's the short answer. The alto's lowest note is the F below the soprano's lowest of C. HOWEVER, it will be written as if it were a higher note than the soprano. That's because the soprano actually sounds an octave higher than written and the alto sounds the pitch that is written. Want some fun? Try the tenor recorder. Its music is exactly the same as the soprano, but since it doesn't sound an octave higher than written, it produces a warm sound that blends well with the human voice.
The recorder is just over 18" long, and I can't imagine anyone would have trouble reaching the finger holes.
My understanding is that the second right-hand finger hole is larger in Baroque, and so I would say yes, this is Baroque fingering.
Everything but grease.
Yes it comes with plastic sleeve. I think (but am not entirely sure) that the different model numbers refer to the different colors that the recorder comes in.
The trumpet is an amazing instrument but you are correct, a tough instrument for a five year old. There is a soprano version of this type of recorder. It is just the right size for small hands. It doesn't sound as noble as a horn but learning the notes will give your boy a strong grounding so that when he is big enough for a trumpet....next year?....he will already be able to read music....although; the trumpet is in a different key. Still, just learning to sight read is a big deal.
Hi Eleanore! Sorry to have taken a few days to answer this. No, this recorder is Key of F. You want a Soprano recorder to get the Key of C. Hope this helps, Kate :-)
2.75 inches
Steel strings
No
The label inside my guitar says "made in Mexico".
34 inches.
Mine says Made in Mexico
Yes it comes with a very nice padded travel bag with a zippered pocket in the front for your picks, tuner, etc.
Yes it does. I haven't had any need to ever have it adjusted. I would recommend only having your guitar shop or luthier do this, however. Also, be aware that there are problems with the top of the guitar separating from the sides, unless Martin has remedied this problem.
It is an airbourne fog. It is famous having the worlds longest hangtime. CryoFreeze is Froggy's Ground Fog.
It greatly depends on building size, ventilation and amount of effect you want to create. Froggys Fog Swap Juice is by far my favorite of brand. Swamp juice is their best product for my use. I can get a gallon of Swamp Juice to last about 6-8 gigs running hard for 7 hrs. I have to keep dance floor filled with smoke while running my laseris show system. Froggys fog is by far my favorite for hang time. I also use a fan/blower in front of my fog machine to help dissipate in areas of low heat andand low ventilation. Heat makes fog reach the ceiling faster and dissipates. Cold air keeps it low at floor level longer. With Froggys Swamp Juice I get the best hang time out of all the other brands. My 2nd choice is omnisistem or CTI fog brand when I forget to order Froggys. Also I recommend only buying up to a years worth of fog juice. I've had bad experiences using 1+ year old juice.
It smells like the smoke after fire works.
We have used it indoors several times and have never noticed residue. We dilute ours even less than 1/3 water. Enjoy!
You don't need a stand, but it's better if you have one. You could rest the practice pad on your lap or on a chair. Mounting it in a snare drum stand is the best way to use this practice pad, as it allows you to sit comfortably (properly), and adjust the height and angle of the practice pad...so I would highly recommend getting a snare drum stand with this practice pad.
I've never tried the Vic Firth. I like this pad, I use the soft gray side to practice, it's fairly quiet.
Yes
The 12 " size is useful if you want to mount it in a snare drum stand,(as I do) and is more stable on a regular surface due only to it's size, but both sizes feel very much like a real snare drum, the only other advantage of the smaller one would be portability and slightly lower price.
I think that is just your option. My son has just one which was helpful for him when away from a drum set.
Either works, but I use the practice pad on the stand without the snare.
Yes
Shouldn't be a problem. It's a fairly solid and heavy pad. I play it on a couch cushion and the bed and it is solid, no movement at all.
The guitar is adult sized. I bought it for my teen son who is basically adult sized. I'd say it would fit fine for an older child or teen. But my judgment is a bit skewed as my boys are very tall. It is just important a child can get his/her arm over the top and reach the strings
Yes Sharon, there was a beautiful Kona included. Rich melodic sound.
It is a steel string acoustic
Are you talking about the tuner? It adjusts your guitar to the right tune but is kind of complicated to use. Hope you find this helpful.
It is full size. But I don't know how many inches.
The guitar fits comfortably as I am a right hand player, but also fits left hand users too. Hope this helps Chester!
unfortunately not.......
Not really. we have not had any trouble with the strings that came with the guitar . sorry .
I've had it for a year and haven't had any problems I totally recommend this for a beginner. It is a good guitar.
Yes you can attach a strap yes it has a peg
Hey Alex, I lit a flashlight through the bell of the two L J Hutchen Alto Saxophones I purchased (in a dark room) and did not see any leaks. I would also recommend a Snark metronome for tuning before playing.
Yes. This comes with one (1) #2 Rico reed complete with the reed guard. You will have to purchase additional reeds (available through Amazon as well) as they need replacing once they get chipped or cracked. I would suggest buying the same #2 strength ones.
My daughter used hers for 4 years, and many little things needed repair after the second year. The seller I bought from (Hyson Music) was good about supplying free small parts even out of warranty. In a nutshell, to protect yourself, it would probably be best to get the warranty in case something larger needs to be worked on.
I&#699;ve tried it, unfortunately I don&#699;t have a photo sorry. But I can say it "sort of" works. Depending on how tall the walls are, it doesn&#699;t throw as far up the wall as I hoped. It just doesn&#699;t have enough throw. I used it as an uplight against a white wall that was about 20&#699; high, and it got "lost" after about 10-12&#699;. It does however work fine as an uplight on my speaker scrims, so if you&#699;re a DJ, looking for an affordable solution to lighting your scrims...this is good. Also good for a light wash on a small area...maybe 10&#699; to 15&#699; feet. If you&#699;re looking to uplight high walls... you&#699;d be better of spending the extra $50 bucks and buy the American DJ Mega Par Profile RGB LED, or the Chauvet version. I believe they&#699;re both $99 or less.
Hi, yes, it's attached to the light.
You can control the color manually, choosing between 0/50%/100% for red, blue, and green
It can make Red (low, medium, high), Green (low, medium, high), Blue (low, medium, high), and different mixes of each: Red (low) + blue (med). With all colors on, you get "white". Hope that helps.
yes. It has a DMX-in and DMX-out.
Just to cover the bases, You have the mic volume on the back turned up, right???
Been a while since I've used it but I believe it is just a slow rotating of colors, nothing controllable.
I don't feel that this light is bright enough, white enough, or sharp enough to be used as a spot. Despite the P36 name and "pin-spot" claims, I use my P36's as wash lights only. If you're looking for an LED spot but can't spend the $250-$500 for a proper one, the best solution I've found is to look at the 15W LED gobo projectors. If the venue is small and dark enough, these can give decent results and actually look like a spot. Find one with zoom capabilities and you can even change the spot size and hardness of the edge.
Mine came with three of them. I think extra ones are available to order right off the manufacturer's website though if you need more.
52"
24 inches
It depends on the boards. On the bottom of my stand holds a Roland G70 and that thing is pretty heavy. If they are light light then yes like two korg M50. Will support it. Just make sure that it's Wrenched down.
The interior width which dictates the available space is 51.25 inches. Sorry, that generally will not fit. Also, when a tier is slanted, not 90 degrees, the locking knobs bring the available space down to only 47.25 inches.
Product Details Cross bars: 31" Long end pieces: 11"
Minimum width is 4 feet. Depth is adjustable, however for the unit to be stable, 2 feet is probably best.
Yup, each one can be loosened and then adjusted with an Allen wrench.
Maximum width: 48". Maximum weight: 88 lbs. per tier. Keyboard arms are height and angle adjustable. Musicians Friend, (n.d.). Retrieved from http://www.musiciansfriend.com/accessories/on-stage-stands-ks-7903-3-tier-a-frame-keyboard-stand
Not sure. My rack is wobbly. I wound up getting bungy cords and wrapping around unit to make it more stable. Not the most comforting feeling when you have 3 keyboards sitting on an unstable frame.
Hi, A 500 K pot will generally yield a brighter tone, and are normally used with Humbucker pickups, a 250 K pot is the standard with single coil pickups, a nice medium with HSS guitars is a 250K volume pot with 1Meg Tone controls, this keeps the singles from being too bright or harsh, and helps keep the humbucker from being too muddy, another option is to wire separate volume controls, 500K for the humbucker, and 250 K for the singles and a master tone control Hope this helps Brandon
Non linear potentiometers are best for volume controls as they conform more to the human hearing spectrum, so it depends on where you are using in in the amplifier.
As you can see the end of the shaft has a slot. Some knobs make use of it for better grip but most knobs do not use it and just have a set screw to fix the knob to the shaft.
It is "custom taper" making it neither log nor linear, but somewhere in between. It works great for guitar volume control.
There is no such thing as a "Standard" knob or pot size. Some US manufacturers make theirs in mostly the same "American standard inch ruler" size that are interchangeable from one brand to another, while some others make their products in their own individual sizes so that you cant interchange with other brands and have to buy "their" product only, the same thing goes for the Japanese/Chinese made pots and knobs, but most of their are made in "Metric" sizes. But I do find that just about any knob can or will fit on ANY knob, If you knob is too loose just put a small piece of paper or tin foil over or around just the top of the shaft, that way the knob will fit tighter, if it's still loose add another piece or two... If a knob is too tight just gently and slowly press it onto the shaft till it sits, trying not to damage the pot or the knob or the guitars body... Also, not all pots fit all guitars, some control cavities are roomy and can easily accommodate full size pots, while some cavities are small and can only "fit" mini pots. Some guitar bodies with thicker tops also need longer shaft pots... 250k Pots are commonly used with passive (NON-Battery powered) single-coil pickups along with .47mf capacitors to control the tone. 500k Pots are commonly used with passive double-coil (Humbucker) pups and .22mf capacitors to control the tone... "Active" (Battery powered) pups use a totally different pot, typically a 1.000k pot for double or single coil actives. Not sure if they still do, but Dimarzio used to sell "knobs" of all shapes, sizes and colors back in the 80's that look exactly like many OEM knobs and can fit Dimarzio pots.
110
Built in.
The outlets for each light are horizontally oriented, not vertically.
As long as the amps are the same or greater on the surge protector you should have no problem.
YES IT IS . .STANDARD RACK MOUNT WITH 19 "
Standard rack-mount width, 48.26cm.
No. It is part of the face.
Yes, they are grounde outlets
Clearly a typo. Standard rack width is 19 inches, so I'm not sure ANY of the published measurements are right! Front panel height is around 1.75 inches; enough to comfortably frame the rocker switches.
No, not as far as I know.
120V a/c
nope
U turn the knob right to turn on and control speed and left to turn off
No, sorry. Standard 110 US.
No. It's pretty basic, but works well for small areas.
In not sure, but if your using it to dj I dont recommend it, its to small
No .. Just sound feed adjust..
Though I do love what these lights do for a party. The bulbs go out on these really quick. I suspect because they are 300watts each, which is pretty hot! The replacement bulbs are about $6.00.
There's a couple of problems with this idea, unfortunately. For one thing, this particular light has a halogen bulb, and has a duty cycle of 10 minutes on/10 minutes off to prevent overheating. It's not automatic, so you'd need two to keep one on at all times, and also, you'd need some kind of timed outlet device to alternate them. In addition, the duty cycle might be even shorter near a tree on the ground because of the decreased airflow. I used a light similar to this one at a party and had it sit on a table, and I smelled smoke only halfway into its duty cycle. It didn't actually flame up, but these do get really hot. Another thing, unless the tree is very skinny and bare, I doubt the light would be visible past the bottom. I've never used tinsel, but I don't know if the light would go anywhere to make it noticeable. It wouldn't be the same effect as traditional lights in the tree. If you still want to try, I'd at least recommend you search for an LED light; those run cool and the bulbs last for a much longer time.
Greetings, you would have to change the lamp out, and have a plug adapter. It is initially, for 110 volts. hope that helps.
It's a halogen... NOT LED. Hope that helps.
Yes, it could, but the stage would have to be fairly small. It will not throw the light very far on a massive stage. Any type of stage within a small club, yes would work. Also depends on the lamp you use. Some have broader coverage but at the cost of lossing intensity.
The bulb is readily available in grocery stores,lowes,etc. It is available in various wattages for indoors and outdoors. PAR38 bulb.
You can just plug it in. I use mine for filming, to through a slash of light across the background. It has frame for gels.
Yes. Assuming the bulb isn't busted, as one of mine was.
They actually already come with bulbs! Really nice lights!!
Up to 10'
Product description states 49 pounds
No this is a 10 foot truss 2 5 foot sections. Great product would recommend the purchase!!!!
Hello, The truss diameter is 1.5".
Everything will ship on one box with two separated boxes inside,all the parts come on a separated bags,hope this help.
The truss come with two 5 foot units, tath can be togeter and make a10 foot, or a single 5 foot light truss,have all the adapters and conectors to be assembled.
No, you'll need Chauvet Light Duty Adjustable O-Clamp CLP-10, or something similar.
I have only had it to a little over 9 feet, but it had more to go, I think about 10 or 11 feet is max.
It comes with all installation hardware as well as bolts to hold all your lights to the bar.
Not sure but it is very sturdy and worth every penny im sure u could put 300lbs on it easy
3.14" high (switch bank). Relates to 2 rack units used in a standard 19" case. It's also 3.5" deep (not including cables)
yes mine did and its working fine.
I purchased this product a couple of months ago and it does include the relay. It contained a relay pack, control module, and a cable to connect the two. I would defiantly recommend this product. I am a dj and keep this in a trailer that get close to 20 degrees every night. A very good alternative to dmx. Hope this helps.
The lyrics do appear on your screen, however to my knowledge no printed lyrics included, at least with my disc.
Disc: 1 1. Crazy 2. I Fall to Pieces 3. Amazing Grace 4. 9 to 5 5. Help Me Make It Through the Night 6. Nobody 7. Rose Garden 8. Delta Dawn 9. Don't It Make My Brown Eyes Blue 10. Stand by Your Man 11. Down by the River Side 12. Grandpa (Tell Me 'Bout the Good Old Days) 13. Fancy 14. Somebody Should Leave 15. Harper Valley Pta Disc: 2 1. Redneck Woman 2. Here for the Party 3. When I Think About Cheatin' 4. She's in Love with the Boy 5. My Old Kentucky Home 6. Breathe 7. A Girl's Gotta Do (What a Girl's Gotta Do) 8. Independence Day 9. In My Daughter's Eyes 10. Walkaway Joe 11. From This Moment On 12. Goodbye Earl 13. In the Good Old Summertime 14. Down at the Twist and Shout 15. Whose Bed Have Your Boots Been Under Disc: 3 1. He Stopped Loving Her Today 2. Okie from Muskogee 3. All My Ex's Live in Texas 4. King of the Road 5. Family Tradition 6. Act Naturally 7. Home on the Range 8. Big Bad John 9. Behind Closed Doors 10. Your Cheatin' Heart 11. Mountain Music 12. Clementine 13. Elvira 14. Mammas Don't Let Your Babies Grow Up to Be Cowboys 15. Sixteen Tons Disc: 4 1. Friends in Low Places 2. Take This Job and Shove It 3. I Love This Bar 4. Beer for My Horses 5. Save a Horse (Ride a Cowboy) 6. Battle Hymn of the Republic 7. It's Five O'Clock Somewhere 8. Keg in the Closet 9. No Shoes, No Shirt, No Problems 10. Yellow Rose of Texas 11. We Danced 12. Chattahoochee 13. All My Rowdy Friends Are Coming Over Tonight 14. Beer Thirty 15. Boot Scootin' Boogie
There's way to many songs to list them all (total of 60 songs). But a few are: Amarillo by Morning, The Chair, You're Gonna Miss Me When I'm Gone, Feels So Right, Love in the First Degree, Jolene, Is Anybody Going to San Antone, Hello Darlin, Walkin After Midnight and others. There's a few goofy songs included like: The Hokey Pokey, Turkey in the Straw, A Tisket a Tasket . . . I have no idea why those songs are in the collection. I guess the collection is trying to appeal to everyone. I hope this information helps.
It has 60 songs on it, I won't name them all but here are some....courtesy of the red white and blue by Toby Keith. You're gonna miss me when I'm gone by Brooks and Dunn. Feels so right by Alabama. Baby likes to rock it by tractors. Meet me in the middle by diamond Rio. Amazed by lonestar. You win my love by shania Twain. No one else on earth by wynonna Judd. Plus so many more its a good CD for a very good price. I hope this helps you.
Purely on its own, without inflection from any processing FX? Probably not. But no guitar is, really - is it? This guitar can handle being heavily processed though, so if you have outboard FX, or FX running on a computer, this guitar will give you the s/n ratio you need. I've used this through an old Roland GP8 multiFX processor, a Floor Pod and Native Instruments Guitar Rig and it holds up pretty well. If you're after speed picking, I'd say go with something more refined - this guitar is a great workhorse, but it is crudely constructed. I lucked out with the one I bought, but I've talked to people who've ordered the same guitar and gotten a dog - malformed fretwork being a particular complaint, and just the thing to kill speed picking.
Yes it does. The jack is a standard 1/4" type which will receive a standard guitar cable.
The guitar is painted a dark red color. Its not the beautiful varnished wood they show. There is no wood grain showing what so ever it looks spray painted
It doesn't come with an amp cord. And if you know how to play it is assume you could lol
Actually yes, it did for me anyway. It came came with D'addario .009 - .042 already installed.
The truss rod has only one end to adjust it. Thanks MJ.
41"x 19"x 6" package with the actual guitar box backed inside. It is a normal size guitar with 24 frets and nice looking design.
About 3 1/2 feet long 2 feet wide in a rectangle package. Interior packaging is a wide at the bottom rectangle more narrow at the top.
Yes it is! It a nice practice guitar!
It was for me. I did not have to adjust it.
Yes, I did mount it on the DSLR camera. It works pretty good but certainly not at any distance over about 10-15 feet from the source. And even at those distances, it is not truly great.....ok, but at 5-10 feet, it is very good.
You can use this two bracket in amazon cost $7-13
Hi I'm of the opinion that GOPRO does not have an external 3.5mm mic input connector. Anyway, the one returned had terrible "hiss", so I sent it back.
There is no indicator. I use rechargeable batteries and film for several days at a time and haven't had any battery issues. No sound if they go out. I would like to say that these mics don't do well in high humidity if you are using them outside. Indoors they do well.
probably not as the audio socket is a 4 terminal unit and the mic has only three. Hope this helps.
It detaches easily. I love this mic would buy it again and again. Had mine for 3years. Always performs and is good on batters life.
It fits to any DSLR and camcorder with 3.5mm connection
It probably will, I've had a bit of trial and error setting the proper level. I haven't used it, or my camcorder in several months though.
Have not tried a maximum distance. Did get bird sounds from about 15 feet using mic on a tripod. Had mic plugged into a Sony digital camcorder. Was recording a bird nest in a tree in my front yard. Birds were quite loud, 3 young in nest all chirping at the same time.
I have not tried it with my iPad 3, but this is designed for DSL Cameras and Video Cameras with a Microphone in. I know the special microphone I have for the 5s uses the small connector. I would imagine that type would work with a larger product.
Hi Regina. Yes the tuner can be calibrated A4 from 349 to 499 Hz in 1Hz steps
Yes, it does. In "auto" mode, it would attempt to detect the note name, # or flat, and the number. In "manual" mode, we specify the note name, for example "A", and it would attempt to detect the # or flat, and the number.
I believe it would work. I tried it, and it does show whether you are are sharp or flat. I don't think it would work for a group. Hope this helps.
I had never tuned a piano before in my life, and I was able to do so with this electronic tuner. It works beautifully on all the mid-range keys, but has difficulty registering the extreme upper and lower notes. This is common to all electronic tuners, and the person must also rely on his or her ear to tune those extreme high and low notes. However, this machine is SUPERB in assisting one in accurately tuning a piano - or any other instrument.
I'm on the road at the moment without it but I'm sure that no, it doesn't. It has a fair number of temperaments available, while unfortunately 1/4 comma meantone is not one of them. Only 1/6 comma E- or D#. I seem to be playing more and more in 1/4 comma so that's a bit of a downer. I'm not even sure that Just Intonation is a temperament, as the pure intervals move with the chords being played through all keys in just. I wouldn't be surprised if there is a tuner that can do it, maybe an iPhone app, but I think the only way the Korg would be able to do it is to use the temperament closest to pure for the notes you want to check and then know how much to add or subtract when you are reading the meter. Good question though. It makes me think.... It's been a great tuner for me other than the 1/4 comma problem, where I've had to set the frets with a ruler and then make small adjustments to whatever keyboard instrument is there. It's survived several drops from the music stand and the batteries seem to last forever.
Great product for the money..but it does have limitations at that price point..I have not experienced that issue..I have downloaded a free app on my android called gStrings that is a great tool for piano tuning (I use both the Korg and the app to get a good tuning and reference)Something may be wrong with your particular ot-120
the remote cord is roughly 8 feet long and the power cord is 6 feet long
I have 3 of these. You would not be able to run it constantly.... the motor would burn out. I have filled the tank and set it to go off every 5 min for 20 seconds and it lasted for two hours. I'm sure you could rig it to pump from a larger reservoir if you wanted too.
No, You have to buy it separately.
Yes, it is soap based.
no it does not.
It shoots out small and large snow flakes that are foam, but if I understand what your asking the machine will not produce enough foam to pile up.
This one I could not say as mine was broken right from the package. I have a snow pro 600 I have used the past 2 years and will cover a area about 20 feet out mounted 10 feet in the air with no wind.
Personally, I would not use this indoors...it is a dispenser of soap, as a base after all...and will leave residue on open surfaces and if enough is used...could cause someone to slip and fall....I've had no problems..but I only use mine outdoors.
No Battery compartment is on this machine, it is totally electric.
Yes. We use it on carpet for 3 hours at a time and the carpet in front gets wet.
I'm not sure, sorry.
I ended up purchasing a whole cartridge and stylus. It was cheaper
Yes. Just mount it to the head shell.
Yes
Dont know what u mean by compressor?
I"m not sure I understand the question. If you are asking if it has phantom power, it does and works for any channel that uses the XLR input (channels 1 - 6).
Works very good, i have two of this consoles for years, works great for the price. I do recomended.
It
Gatorcases.com has a Find Your Case tool on their website.
My guitar, which fits snugly in the case, is about 16" at its widest point. I believe that the 17" width of your guitar would be a problem.
Your guitar should fit since this case is designed for a dreadnought sized guitar, and the Godin 5th avenue is not too thick. I would, however, suggest looking into the SKB version of this case. It is constructed better, and the backpack straps are way more comfortable. Check it out at http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000ZQAE7I/ref=ox_sc_sfl_title_10?ie=UTF8&psc=1
Yep, fits great.
I,m currently traveling, not able to give you the exact dimensions but I can tell you this. I have a Epiphone drednaught and it did not fit in the regular gator drednaught soft case. Sent it back and ordered the GL-Jumbo and it fit perfectly. A little more money and a great fit. The problem was not the space for the neck and head but the body. I hope that helps.
I don't own a Sonoran and I don't have the case any longer but I'd be surprised if the guitar did not fit, even with the funky headstock. Amazon's return policy is liberal and easy. Good luck.
I don't know about this particular guitar fitting into the case; I purchased the case for my husband's Seagull dreadnaught guitar, which fits perfectly. You might want to contact Gator to get the precise specs on this case. I'm very impressed with the quality and price, so if it looks like your guitar would fit into it, I'd buy it.
To be a "Dreadnought" the body must have the measurements (upper & lower body + depth). So, the only question left is overall length. Look at the Mitchell MS200 specifications and see if they match. It should, but the GATOR web site can tell you "yes" or "no" - it has a guitar lookup option. It is a great case!
Yes it will fit. The Takamine you mention is a dreadnought guitar.
Reading the description Martin has on their website, Any of the D1 models would seem to fit just fine. Not sure on the 000 model. Case seems specifically built for any dreadnought size guitar.
The case does not have cutaways for a specific body shape. I can not say specifically if it fits your bass, but I have several different basses and they all fit.
Not sure, it fits both my Warwick Corvette bass and my 5 string Ibanez BTB bass, both have strap locks on them as well so the are a little larger in the body. Not sure how the cut away on the ironbird compares to the sound horns on my basses.
It will handle any bass I have. Fender jazz, Specter , Squire, Yamaha.
No, I don't think so. You will need the Epiphone Thunderbird hardshell case.From the search I did they cost anywhere from $90-$100.Guitar center, sweet water and amazon have something.It is especially made to accommodate the shape of the guitar. Be sure to read the reviews in Amazon concerning generic bass cases.
Pretty sure that would be a safe bet. It will accommodate either of my long-scale 5-strings (Carvin and Yamaha) perfectly.
Both mine (Carvin and Yamaha) are 5-string, but I believe the case would handle a 6-string (even with a wider neck) just fine.
I flipped my right hand Fender Jazz bass upside down and it fit in the case. The 2 storage areas in the case are not offset from each other. So if your lefty bass is no bigger than a Fender J bass, it just might fit.
I use this case for my 5 string. The wider neck fits without problem. The case is symmetrical so LH or RH should not matter.
the size for this Gator case is: Interior Dimensions Body Length: 21.25 " Body Height: 3.00 " Lower Bout Width: 13.75 " Middle Bout Width: 13.75 " Upper Bout Width: 13.75 " Overall Length: 47.50
It's being used for a 35 inch scale, 24 fret 6 string bass and there's About 5 inches of room above the head stock. So it should fit. It's a very solid case, I am happy with mine.
Tho Im not sure, your yamaha motif es6 will probably fit. The inside dimensions in inches are: 42L x 18w x 9 deep.
I can't answer that for sure because I don't know the PSR 3000's dimensions. The Gator 61 will accept a keyboard 44"W x 19"D x 7" High. I hope that helps.
Yea it should fit perfectly. My Korg M50 61-Keys fits in the case with a lot of extra room.
Before answering your question i would like to update by saying i have learned to like this keyboard case over time..but only after spending another $24 to modify in order for it to stand more rigid (just like in the picture.) The inside dimensions are 42" x 18" x 6". I have a 73 key Kurzweil (SP4-7) that fits just right from edge to edge so if your LE6 has 61 keys it should fit very nicely with lots of extra room though because of the extra width.
According to the Gator website, yes. Length: 43.00", Width: 17.50" Height: 6.50" It fits my Novation 61 SL MKII very loosely.
I'm 190lbs and I get the feeling it easily could support twice that. It is very sturdy and well built. It is perfectly stable in the back and forth direction. I don't think you could tip it back or forward even if you tried (if you're actually sitting on it). I use it on carpet an it is still very stable. You'll be happy with it, it is a great bench.
Really didn't notice one, but then I live in Florida and pretty much ignore what goes on in CA.
The one I have would be fine because it has a wide base and seat. Some keyboards are "double Decker " so short benches work for those but not for pianos.
It has 4 preset holes, giving the following stool height options: 19-3/4", 21-1/2", 23", 24-1/4" -- really nice seat.
fold the metal piece into an x shape. then, unscrew the wing nuts just a little bit so they are loose, and pull them towards each other. this will release the tabs, so you can slide the metal part into the cushion.
It is likely too large for carry on. It will fit in a checked bag. It is a keyboard bench so no back support. I would look for a more suitable portable chair.
I don't know the exact weight but it's very easy to move around. However, it's very sturdy.
You can fine parts for this bench, or the bench as a whole, in any locale where you have legal authority. I wouldn't hold my breath on its ability to pay such a fine, however. (If you meant what I think you meant, this should help: https://on-stage.com/products/view/10507/117167)
I do not have one to ship. I bought one from Amazon. The bench seat is approximately 24 inches, (so you'd need 25") and then the legs fold up, and the seat being 3" deep, plus the legs, I would assume the box would have to be about 6 inches deep x approx 25 inches long.
the free shipping option applies to any orders shipping domestic, regardless if an apartment or private house.
HelloTracey- The Ice is the same circumference as the Snowball, so it should work well with the Blue shock mount ring.
It essentially makes it "float" so it isn't in contact with any surface. In that way the ringer is a shockmount to avoid vibrations or actual hits on the mic's base or stand.
this mount is intended for the blue snowball and only the blue snow ball. You will have to look elsewhere
What i ended up doing was taking apart the little stand that came with my snowball. As this mount screws on to that, I took the screw that holds the little stand together and clamped THAT to my scissor mount. Keep in mind this will add a LOT of weight to the boom.
If you have the Blue Ball mic, it comes with it's own desktop stand. But you can also hook this up to any microphone stand. It has standard thread.
No, you'll need Blue's Radius shockmount for the Yeti.
if it is an audio technica atpl120, then it already has a phono preamp, so if you hook it up to a stereo or headphones, you should be hearing it in full volume control. so I would think just hooking it up to your headphones will give you full volume. 1980s or older turntables don't have a preamp so they relied on specially revamped phono audio hookups, but yours already is preamped so you don not need any addition preamp devices.
You can simple test your amplifier by connecting the audio output from the turntable to your power amp and see if you can control the sound volume. I suspect that you might not get any sound from the power amp even at max output power. Then you need the pre-amp to boost the signal from the turntable before connecting it to the power amp. Hope this helps.
Yes, its boost the signal from the turntable to the receiver. I had the same issue, and this solved it.
Yes. It would connect to the "aux in" connectors on the back.
It uses a 12 volt DC power adapter. Included with unit.
Sorry, there is no such switch included. See my review posted around May 8, 2014. PAPA
You would have to have a transformer, it did not come with a 220 option. But since it is a German company, the should have that version as Germany is 220. I would recommend ask the company. They answered my question in 4 hrs.
Yes, to the best of my knowledge this will work with any phonograph that does not have a built in preamp.
Yes. Phono preamps have a specific equalization curve applied. There are also differences in the amount of amplification needed and probably the input impedance.
This preamp takes the input from the turntable and makes the signal compatible with inputs to amps that don't have a phono input. So, if you plug it into a CD input it should work just fine. It is analog, so it is up to your receiver (in your case the sound bar) to figure out what to send to the sub - which it should be able to do.
I connect my Behringer Minimex Mix800 with my karaoke machine and to my Archos DVR station to record my songs. After my songs recorded then I use USB to connect to my PC to download to my computer . That's it ! :)
Hello there, You can use this device as a mixer. You can take the two karaoke mics and connect to the front mic jacks. You can connect the sound (headphones) out put of the computer to the RCA IN jacks at the back. But now you also need an Amplifier to which you will connect the Mixer RCA OUT in the back. You can connect any pair of speakers to the Amp. I hope this answers your query.
It does not play Karaokes. All this machine does is to administer your audio, so if you plan on BUILDING your karaoke system then this machine is perfect for you. When I say administer I mean that you can enter audio signals (for example from the microphone and from the DVD player) and then you can output the mixed signals (for example to a speaker system). I used this to build my own karaoke, but I also had to buy outside speakers (for my patio), an amplifier, a few different types of wire and connectors, and I use my iPad + Apple TV to provide the music (there are so many karaoke songs in YouTube). If you are interested let me know and I can help you out
If you want to input music from your laptop, just get a 3.5mm (1/8") male stereo plug that splits into stereo RCA. You can pick these up at Radio Shack. You would connect the 3.5mm end into your headphone jack on your laptop. On the other end, you would plug both RCA ends (Red and White) into the input on the back of the Behringer. To output to a soundbar, you would plug the RCA outputs on the Behringer to the RCA inputs on the back of the the soundbar (if there are RCA inputs on the back- Red and White).
I can use them both, but I put the GPR101 RCA to the 1/4 " TS adt. to it, sorry I can't be of more help.
I am terribly sorry but I have not use it yet ,but the way I see it ,you can fade out the voice...try it..
yes you can just as you would a CD
It will have to be connected via RCA cables. The RCA cables output from the back of minimix to the RCA cables input to your MX800. The MX800 is most likely reducing/"ridding of" the mid-range frequency commonly found in a voice's pitch. This is how most voice cancellation systems work, which is why it's far superior to sing to music without lyrics. I use the minimixer, a microphone, headphones and my laptop all connected together with YouTube karaoke. Perfect combo!
No. The minimix 800 does not provide phantom power supply for condensor microphone.
Don't buy this !!!
Fairly good pick up with this Mic and depending on the software and how well you adjust the input it should do a great job for you. I have been using this mic for a year now for podcasting and have been able to narrow the pick up range to cut out the majority of ambient noise..
This microphone will pick up the voices of people talking around the microphone, not just the person speaking directly into it. It picked up too many sounds like page turning when I was recording myself reading text aloud from paper notes. This might work for your setup. However, your question sounds more like a recording module question regarding how many microphone inputs it would have. This is just one microphone. Perhaps you could explain your question a little more? I'd be happy to answer right away.
You'll need to record in a different track and then mix it with your fav. D.A.W software...
No, it only records mono.
Yes it does, it is sturdy with a nice weight to it. Definitely a quality product.
Check the FAQ at Audacity's website... you have to use ALSA (Advanced Linux Sound Architecture) , it does work fine...
This mixer uses XLR for main outputs but also has balanced TRS outputs for control room outs and Aux sends. If you can't solder your own XLR connectors you could buy a couple of these: amazon.com/dp/B000068O4C/
Yes..they have about 100 presets already on the unit - reverb is one of them along with chorus, flanger, delay, pitch shifter, hall, room, plate - too many to mention!!
Yes mic pres are very good on this mixer.
Yes with a Y cable. No it can't connect wirelessly to it.
It should be perfect for that. Lightweight and powerful enough to get great sound. You have enough balance and unbalanced inputs to handle your equipment.
You need an amplified speaker to connect your shure micro
I use Mackie 450v2 speakers for the last few years. No issues or concerns.
Speakers should be according to the amplifier power output rather than the mic but, if it helps, I am currently using it with a pair of Yamaha BR15 on a 3000 watt amplifier without any issue.
I think that would work fine as long as you had the same frequency set available *Meaning you'd probably need a Shure lavaliere just to be safe
Is bad product no have good sound
Sorry, I unfortunately do not know.
You can split the two up, but they will not be useful to anyone unless they have a transmitter or receiver that is on the same frequency, etc.
don't know but never had a problem with battery dying great mic
No, this is a single mic set up. You'd have to look into set ups thay run the amount of mics you'd like.
actually I have a mixer which have in the back a plug for mic and a plug for earphones same like computer have
there are mic jacks that plug right into your amp. does this help?
The different models are on different bands. They are basically the same microphone otherwise.
Yes
No it does not
No
I'm sorry, I am not familiar with the product in question. I only purchased the wireless Shure mics. I'd suggest talking to a rep at Sweetwater. They're very knowledgeable.
The connection between the receiver and mixer board is 1/4" jacks. A cable is supplied with MALE jacks on both ends so the plug in the receiver is FEMALE....
Yes this is just the mic, you need the wireless pack, and the base
When you are looking for which frequency group will work best in your area, it is recommended to go to Shure's website and use their Frequency Finder Tool. (http://www.shure.com/americas/support/tools/wireless-frequency-finder)
Yes. Of course.
You need an amplified speaker to connect your shure micro
I use Mackie 450v2 speakers for the last few years. No issues or concerns.
Speakers should be according to the amplifier power output rather than the mic but, if it helps, I am currently using it with a pair of Yamaha BR15 on a 3000 watt amplifier without any issue.
I think that would work fine as long as you had the same frequency set available *Meaning you'd probably need a Shure lavaliere just to be safe
Is bad product no have good sound
Sorry, I unfortunately do not know.
You can split the two up, but they will not be useful to anyone unless they have a transmitter or receiver that is on the same frequency, etc.
don't know but never had a problem with battery dying great mic
No, this is a single mic set up. You'd have to look into set ups thay run the amount of mics you'd like.
actually I have a mixer which have in the back a plug for mic and a plug for earphones same like computer have
there are mic jacks that plug right into your amp. does this help?
The different models are on different bands. They are basically the same microphone otherwise.
Yes
No it does not
No
I'm sorry, I am not familiar with the product in question. I only purchased the wireless Shure mics. I'd suggest talking to a rep at Sweetwater. They're very knowledgeable.
The connection between the receiver and mixer board is 1/4" jacks. A cable is supplied with MALE jacks on both ends so the plug in the receiver is FEMALE....
Yes this is just the mic, you need the wireless pack, and the base
When you are looking for which frequency group will work best in your area, it is recommended to go to Shure's website and use their Frequency Finder Tool. (http://www.shure.com/americas/support/tools/wireless-frequency-finder)
Yes. Of course.
This version is not the Froggy's Fog Snow Machine - The Pictures, Description and Manufacturer are wrong. This machine is a toy version by Forum Novelties. 1 tank should last about 20 minutes. I am not sure why yours would be using the entire tank in 5 minutes. Please call us at 877-376-4499 x 4 for technical service and one of our team will be happy to work with you on the solution.
Nope
In eeuu is 120 or 240 volt
Honestly it is about as loud as a normal vacuum cleaner. I would take your vacuum cleaner to the venue and see how it echoes. It might be ok if music was being played. Good luck!
About a foot long and 5" wide can hold it by the handle, great machine
yes but only after a while. Not a minute. Then again on a tile or wood floor yes. Grass? not quickly
It will work, but a full tank of fluid only lasts about an hour or so on small flake. I do suggest a fan for extra lift for the flakes yo give a more accurate snow fall look. I suggest if you want want to get up on your roof a lot to just stick the tube into a gallon or larger sized fluid bottle or do not run it for long periods since you'll run out of fluid. The fkakes if I buy froggys frog extra dry stay around for a long time and cover the ground just fyi. Good idea to buy from froggys fog
It doesn't stay on the ground at all, once it comes out of the machine it kind of lands on people and evaporates Kind of like the foam from a bubble bath. It doesn't get anyone or anything wet. The kids love it.
Put it up higher and water down the solution a little more.
yes it is a soap like solution I have used it on my screen porch with indoor/outdoor carpet and it very quickly becomes slippery!
Ok everyone. The Xitel INport works fine with MAC. 1) You need to just plug in the INport. 2) Select it in your "system preferences &gt; sound &gt; input" the INport (if you don't see INport as an option then try plugging it in again, or restarting your mac) 3) Then install and audio recording app like "Audacity", and make sure that in this app's preferences that INport is selected. (note that if INport is not showing up or you don't see the volume levels reading audio from the input, you might need to restart your mac) Enjoy!
No
yes it will work with windows 7. i am a computer rookie(dummy) and it works beautifully
The INport deluxe is designed to work with inputs to it at preamp power levels, not at the much higher speaker power levels. If your turntable had preamp outputs and those are what you used, using it that way didn't contribute to the failure. If the turntable has speaker outputs and those are what you used that would contribute to the failure.
You need 'line level' not 'mic level' inputs on the PC, otherwise the signal will be way too strong and, thus, distorted (mic output is much lower than line output). Most basic PCs, especially laptops, have 'mic in' and not 'line in' (the laptop I'm typing this on right now doesn't even have a 'mic in'). If you have a soundcard with 'line in' inputs, then you could do it. Having said all that, it might be possible to adjust the signal with Audacity using 'mic in', so that it doesn't distort, but I am guessing. I just know from using Cakewalk (precursor to Sonar) in the old days that it didn't work like that. You could try it and report back on your experience, good or bad.
Yes it does.
The only thing I can think of is to adjust the input settings on your computer's audio settings, or there is a program called Spin It Again, by Acoustica, that cleans pops, crackles and hisses. I hope this will help.
I have not yet used it after purchasing.....my hope is it will work with cassette recorder to transfer from tapes to computer files. I bought it because it seemed it will plug into any type of music source and then transfer the sound to computer. Good luck.
I don't know what the 8.1 desk top means....but, on your Input Box (software), I would guess that there is a "Tech-Support" number to answer your questions. Their website is: support@xitel.com
No
yes :)
No
Mine was made in Ireland. And if you'll be playing it along with a tuned instrument, be sure you can match its key or play the whistle in modulation. I have both C and D whistles since I'm not good enough to modulate. You get the full octave (including flats) by covering whole or half holes.
It is a Walton Irish Penny/Tin Whistle. in the Image you gave, that particular Whistle is in the Key of 'D' (Which is the lowest note you can play on it). It is the most generic key, and quite good for anyone starting out, mainly because of it's size (So I believe). I own one, and have enjoyed it every day since.
Good assumption...
Yes, I have tried with Ubuntu Desktop 14.0. It found the USB audio device by itself. Michael
Don't think so. Need some kind of powered speaker. You can use an old stereo amp.
The alpha works in windows 7 bit. I don't know about reaper, but I can say that to ensure you can record at 24 bits / 48 kHz, use the bundled version of cubase le. I use mixcraft as my main DAW, and there's a known issue with the alpha only recording at 16 bits. So I installed cubase and the alpha records at the highest resolution with only 9 ms of latency.
I would imagine an effects board or a midi manipulation software
I've used it with 8.1. Can't guarantee that it'll work with your setup, and you should probably make sure you have whatever the current driver is from their website. I've used the Alpha with Reason, Sonar, and Reaper. Overall, it's an OK interface, but I've since switched to a Focusrite Scarlett, and I'm much happier with that.
As one reviewer said, these is a "legacy" interface, so I'd have doubts it would work with an IPad. It worked OK for me on Windows 7, but when I got a new Windows 8.1 laptop, it wouldn't work at all, and there are no updated drivers available on the Lexicon site. So, I'd suggest you look at another interface if you want to be sure it will work. Good luck.
Nothing gets stored on the interface. It just takes the noise and puts it on your computer
As far as I know, there isn't one. I use AUDACITY which is a freebee to download. There are lots of programs out there that are fancier, if you've got the extra Bucks. AUDACITY works for me.
Had a bad experience with this... Sounded like pure crap. Everything was hollow. If you can spare the extra money look into the m audio or 2i2
Don't do it. I don't think chrome os can run it, I have a chrome book and two macs and didn't even consider trying
The Low range is 30-100 dB and the High range is 60-130 dB. It is very useful for me and the range is more than adequate. I work in pro audio, recording and mixing for film. The accurate calibration is essential for my mixing room and this meter is perfect for me.
Yes
I have not tried mounting it but it does have a female 1/4" threaded screw hole on the back.
There is no memory feature other than max. So you can see the meter readings in real time with settings for high and low ranges and fast or slow response. You can also set it to record the maximum level for an instance.
The best is subject to interpretation. you can several hundred on a competition level meter. I think this meter is going to good enough for your purpose.
Spec shows the following: "Time Weighting: FAST (125mS), SLOW (1 sec.)"
I use it to measure a party room of 100 to 200 people and it gave a fairly accurate or satisfactory reading.
No it doesn't. It requires a standard 9 volt battery.
Lo 30-100db Hi 60-130db
Newer Nikon digital cameras have a special hot shoe designed to work with their "smart" electronic flash units. To fit the SVM or other accessories using a non-Nikon shoe you can get buy adapter that slips on the Nikon shoe and has a standard shoe on top. I use those often with my Nikons and SVM and shotgun mic. Several accessory companies make them, but quality varies. Check the reviews.
As long as it accepts the 1/16 mic plug, it shouldn't be a problem. You might check for other reviews, you may need to adjust down the camera's mic level if the sound is coming out too hot.
It is a beautiful microphone and I recommend it (hear the results on the "swingyoucats" channel on YouTube) -- when you plug the cable from the microphone into the camera's input, it shuts off the camera's own microphone. Easy, no thought needed!
when i bought it i received the the 'dead cat' windshield sock with extra rubber shock bands
All mics need power to operate. Some, such ans this one, get it with a battery in the mic and some use what's called a phantom power supply. This is just like most other mics that have self contained power. You should just be able to plug it in and use it. Anyway it's worth a shot. You can't really hurt the mic itself. The gain your asking about is usually provided by the software that you use to record the sound with. I use this mic primarily on my camera in place of the electret mic that it comes with, and I've never had to "Boost" the sound. Hope this helps.
Yup, had the same exact problem. I thought it was the speaker to speaker cables, the Coax or Toslink cable and then my computers sound card but it wasn't. It drove me nuts. If it's still under warranty, send it back and have them fix it.
279 x 173 x 245 mm (H X W X D) = 11 X 6,8 X 9,6"
No, Make sure that your RCA cable that outputs speaker "A" to speaker "B" is secure. I have 3 sets of these Behringer and have had no problems with them.
The MS40 includes the cable to connect the left and right speakers.
In answer to your question, that is an excellent idea to take advantage of the typical digital audio output jack on ones modern LED TV's now; as its much higher quality to use digital audio format audio signal of course; this would be both a definite qualitative and quantitative audio improvement and upgrade over the typical sound bar that one buys in most electronic mass retailing super stores; one will be able to hear and experience a much higher definitive level of audio quality with ones ears as these are professional digital audio reference monitor type speakers made by a professional Behringer branded pro audio company.
MS40 has two types of inputs: 1 - Digital input (coaxial and tos-link), and; 2 - analog single ended input (RCA). By using its digital inputs, this model works as a 24-bit 192khz D/A converter. That means, there's no need of a sound board.
They are a POLY material.
Yes
they can be bought as 110 or 220 but not on the same unit
NEO, sorry, mine did not have any "cap". I would think this may be a packaging revision, so try just pulling it out. The jack itself is secured by a knurled nut so there should be no issue after removing it.
Highly recommend you get a MIDI interface. M-Audio makes a good one, the 2 X 2. I've had it for years and I've always been very happy with it.
US type power plug.
The better question is does the Creative Labs E-MU 0404 support the Mac with the latest drivers. The E-MU 0404 USB combines an external audio sound card and two microphone inputs into one USB unit; with the Microphones being plugged into the E-MU 0404. Your mic, the Yeti Blue mic is a USB mic and hence is being plugged into a USB port also, and not into the E-MU 0404 USB device. Why would you need this? I think the Apple MAC has integrated audio and your software should capture the USB mic input and fix any latencys during the recording. The audio output on the PC will include the mixed audio from the mic.
it comes with an USB cable ( 2 meters) , an external 5V power adaptor and a E-Mu production tools software for macs and windows OC
It should. But keep in mind, this is a discontinued product, whose drivers haven't been updated in ages. I switched to a presonus VSL22, and found its drivers work a lot better (lower latency) and the recording quality is no worse. It costs a little more, but keep in mind... unlike Amazon, a lot of music gear distributors often have sales.
http://www.emu.com/support/vista.asp
hi! sorry i don't use pro tools 10 but i think you can find some info here : http://recording.org/daw-pro-audio/47845-pro-tools-9-interface-problem.html and here: http://duc.avid.com/showthread.php?t=241539 regarding the oprical output connection...is should work well.
It will only hold the blue yeti if you get the blue microphone radius shockmount. The standard yeti mic stand screws into the sides of the mic. The shock mount is made specifically for the yeti as the bottom mounting hold is only half an inch deep and nearly an inch wide and is not a standard size at all. However the radius shockmount has the standard mic boom sized holes at its base. The yeti is meant to hang upside down in the shockmount. From personal experience, the yeti is very heavy but this mic stand is incredible. However, it will only give a steady platform if the boom arm is online with the length of the base to act as a counter weight. Also if you do this, the radius shock mount has 2 plastic o-rings and a screw that allow you to angle the mic and shockmount up or down. The only way to keep it level is to replace those plastic o-rings with the rubber o-rings that are in the standard yeti mic stand where it screws into the sides of the mic.
I used standard 3 wire mic cable with XLR female to XLR male
You could clamp that mic to the stand, but it's really made for standard , full size mic clips. that use a standard 5/8" thread.
I am not sure about that mic but I use it for the Blue Yeti as well as my MXL 990. It is a very strong mic stand with a heavy base and strong tighteners. The yeti is huge so I think the snowball would work but can't say for sure! I love the stand though. Great for heavy duty mics for podcasting, online radio, and announcing.
No
Yes. That's what mine is currently being used for.
Nope, we had the snowball and needed an attachment. Ultimately we just went and bought a zoom h1 and use that instead.
If your mic has the standard screw mount, yeah. The bottom plate is quite heavy so it won't tip over.
If you are talking about a clip that you screw on to the end to slide a microphone in then no it doesn't sadly. Only the spot to screw on a clip or screw on your mic
Out of the box: No. The proLine is a straight threaded mounting intended for use with a shock mount assembly that articulates. The bottom mount on the Snowball won't give you the correct angle. You are better off with the standard desk stand that come with the Snowball.
I did a Google search for "h7 k7 m7 shure" and turned up a Yahoo article that referenced this on the Shure site: http://shure.custhelp.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/3392 ... when I purchased mine, I was thinking that I shouldn't get multiple sets in the same bands, but seeing that article, I'm glad my city isn't listed. There is also a frequency finder link on that page as well.
The reciever is AC plug in. The one I purchased is 110v AC. The Transmitters are 9v DC.
No only one microphone at a time can be used.
This has a 1/4" mono output which could be converted into another size with an adapter for receiving the audio. Otherwise, if you are looking to have the cameras mic sent, it uses a micro-XLR which would be very hard to convert, but it's possible. I believe there would be better solutions.
No, you need an amplified speaker system, this only gets you the wireless microphone.
Yes it does and it is barely visible to the audience.
There are 2 channels only one device per channel, 1 channel at a time. As long as the mike is the same frequency as one of them it should work.
There should not be any reason as to why this owuld not work outside the US. this does not broadcast at any signals that would interfere with anything else. Esentially this would have as much interference as a cordless home phone. Make sire you get a power adapter that will fit non standard power outlets.
The microphone has an output that can be plugged directly into a sound system or a computer. For a sound system you would use a mono 1/4 chord or a low impedence microphone cable depending on the type of imput the sound system uses. To use with a computer you would need a mini plug adapter to connect to the computer thru the line in jack.
It should work if the jack you are plugging it into can handle a microphone signal.
It makes a ticking noise, and you can set it to 2, 3, 4, or 6/4 times, where a high pitched bell (ding) rings on the downbeat.
It IS a wind-up. A word of caution, this metronome is LOUD.
Yes. It just goes click click. you can se it for a ONE two three four, but I just leave it clicking the quarter beats. I love it. It's really a good metronome, considering it is almost all plastic. But it's sturdy plastic.
To set the tempo: move the sliding weight up or down and line the top at the desired tempo. ( directly from the user manual )
Use fingernail at top and pull straight out toward you.
On the right side of the device, there is a plunger that you pull out for 2/4, 3/4, 4/4, or 6/8 time. It controls how often you hear the "DING". There are number markings on the plunger.
It is stamped on the bottom "made in China". I gave this supplier an out but he choose profit over integrity. This a very poorly quality controlled item. The supplier is penny wise and dollar foolish.
Yes
You cannot adjust the volume, but it is pretty loud. I have no problem hearing it over my guitar. This is something that was important to me because the electronic ones are soft.
Hi Raffi, yes, this metronome sounds a bell on the downbeat, accommodating meters with 2 beats to the measure, 3 beats to the measure, 4 beats to the measure, and 6 beats to the measure, as well, as a constant, rhythmic ticking with no bell sound at all. All of these options are easily available with the pull of a little silver rod on the side of the unit, and each option is easily marked to satisfy any of your needs. I am very grateful for the affordability of this fine 'instrument'!
Yes. It does have phantom power.
Check out the specks on the Xenyx. I think it has only one preamp. Also check your other equipment to see if they have preamps built into their systems. Any mixer is mainly for routing multiple units to the amps and then on to the speakers or speaker/amps. Most mixers have preamps as part of their input system but not all the inputs are preamps. You can usually tell by the xlr inputs which are always preamps. Juts make sure your mixer has the amount of preamps you need, but most amplifiers now have preamps built in. Feel free to emailme with more info about your system or what you want to do and I will be glad to help you. John
This mixer does not have sufficient mono channels for your application. Channels 2-3 and 4-5 are stereo inputs (meaning they are contolled with the same fader). Some of the larger Xenyx mixers will get you the inputs you need.... something with at least 5 distinct faders to control each instrument's mix individually. Hope this helps. :-)
All you need to do is buy some 1/4 inch to RCA plugs and plug those into the line inputs and you can plug in the line out from your piano and the line out from your laptop into the mixer. I exchanged the this model for the one with eight inputs because I wanted two microphone inputs, but it has the same kind of line inputs and I just plugged in those adapters and they did the trick. I used two RCA adapters on the mike inputs also to record some security microphones which had RCA plugs, and I used some XLR to TRS adapters to plug in my old microphones instead of buying new ones.
It could conceivably be done if you used an XLR-to-dual 1/4" adapter and ran it into either of the stereo faders, but I don't recommend it. You'd be better off with the Xenyx 802 because it has 2 XLR inputs and you wouldn't need to McGyver your second mic.
Yes, to an analog soundcard. All you need is a 1/8" stereo to dual-RCA cord. Mixer has both input and output RCA capability, so you could feed the output of the mixer to the line/mic of the soundcard or feed the output of the soundcard (line out/speaker out) to the input of the mixer. There is also a headphone jack on the mixer so that could also be patched back to the soundcard's line in/mic. For me, I am usually running the PC speaker out to the mixer RCA input -- the volume is controlled by the Main, and then I can either use headphones from the mixer or run the 1/4" output into my guitar amp. Hope this helps.
It powers my 990 just fine.
Yes you could...not sure about recording with that type of mic though. Maybe for a small performance or something. But again it would be better to use a studio recording microphone. that dynamic mic you would need the jack for that type of mic.
Yes, the XLR input has phantom power. It's always on. I.e. There is no switch to turn on or off the phantom power.
No. You need either a mic with a XLR connection or Hi-Z (1/4")
Yes. Mine included an AC cord and seems to work fine. I did notice on a couple of the pots that you should turn down the volume while adjusting as it sometimes gives a rather loud pop that can be very loud in headphones but once you have it stable at the level of choice, the mixer works great. Good solution at low cost for a small studio.
You could if you in put mic in 1 channel with balance all the way 1 direction, and then guitar in another channel with the balance all the way the other direction. You would then have 2 seperated mono recordings. Easily edited in recording software.
Yes you can. only 2 with Phantom power.
Yes, mine came with cable to connect to computer. This unit is designed for use with r microphones, not USB mics.
The power pack says: Behringer Eurorack Power Supply Model MXUL3 Item No: PSU-MX3-UL-01 Input: 120 VAC/ 60 Hz/ 13W Output 1: 2 X 18.5 VAC/2 X 250 mA Output 2: 3.0 VAC/100 mA I've got it plugged in to a standard 110V household current outlet (American). Hope that helps.
Yes, it does have phantom power; the other answer is wrong. +48V per the official documentation.
No direct box needed. The unit has regular guitar cord inputs & two XLR mic inputs that you "could" use with a direct box if you had some reason to do so but as it stands, just plug in and play.
Yes, it goes like this.. Your computer (USB) to interface. From interface (left right 1/4 speaker cable output) to 1/4 line/input on this behringer mixer. Then from the mixer (output) to your subwoofer, then from subwoofer to left/right monitors.
A guitar amp's headphone, fx send, or aux out will all give you a line level signal that will be just fine going direct into the board with a 1/4" instrument or 1/4" balanced cable. However, the "amplifier out" powered output from a guitar amp will damage the board.
Yes, this would definitely be one way to adapt a home theatre amplifier to allow any microphone through it using the multiple Mic inputs. It even had phantom power so it can literally handle any Mic you hook to it.
The Behringer 1202 mixer does not have equalizers on the stereo inputs. It only has them on the mic inputs. Most anything that you will use with this mixer on the stereo inputs will have its own equalizer. The mic inputs have a three band equalizer.
Yes there is, you probably need an adapter for the headphone jack! It comes as a 1/4 inch RCA slot that you will need an adapter (1/4 -Inch Stereo Jack into Mini(3.5mm) or (2.5mm)Stereo Jack!
The Behringer Xenyx 1202 does not have the USB interface. It does have RCA jacks that interface directly to a computer sound card, or you can get a USB adapter. I have used both the Behringer UCA222 and the Dell line input of my sound card for good results with this mixer. If you would prefer, there is a version of this mixer (I believe it to be the Behringer 1204) that has the build in USB interface.
About 8 channels.
no
I am not familiar with the behringer 215d speakers, however, they appear to have a 1/4" input that you could set to line. This mixer, the BEHRINGER XENYX 1202, has 1.4" line outputs. The Speakers theoretically should work with the mixer.
I'm not sure what you're referring to. The question is too vague. In and out of what?
It should work just fine with the XLR inputs, although it only has 1/4" and RCA out, no XLR out.
You will need the correct cable to connect the sound output from your computer to this mixer. Most likely you can use the correct connection for your computer to an unbalanced 1/4" input on this mixer. For example 1/8" TRS miniplug (headphone type) split into two 1/4" connections such as this: http://www.amazon.com/Hosa-CMP153-Cable-Inch-Dual/dp/B000068O3C/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1411535734&sr=8-1&keywords=1%2F8%22+to+1%2F4%22+unbalanced
You're not missing anything. It's a great little mixer, as advertised. The mic preamps are very nice as well. You don't get a built in USB interface, but that's about all you're missing. It's a very nice board, and I use mine daily :)
Yes, there are 99 effects on the mixer. I use it for karaoke and for my instruments. Here's a list of the effects. http://www.soh.cz/data_images/Image/pronajem/manual/XENYX-1202FXcz.PDF I recommend it if it's for family get togethers and parties. I really enjoy it.
I believe there is an fx knob on each channel so you can add as much or as little fx as you want. You can only use 1 setting at a time. You can't put reverb on one track and chorus on another. You get 1 fx for all the tracks.
You would connect the output from the wireless receiver to any of the inputs of the mixer. No other way. Run the output to any one (or two for stereo) of the inputs instead of going to a speaker system or amplifier. Then the output of the mixer would go to an amplifier for the speaker system. Hope this helps.
yes it has 4 different mono channels that can be used as 1/4'' or xlr channels and 4 stereo channels.they can all be used at the same time I would not plug multiple inputs into a mono channel
No, you don't have to worry about using UnBalanced outputs or Inputs for that matter. But unless you're using top quality MICs like Shure and Senheisser (whick works best with Balanced cables) then you're still good to go with unbalanced connections.
The Mixer has Control Room Output Jacks - these are 1/4 Inch Mono - one of each channel. You run those 1/4 Phone Plugs to each of your speakers. There is a Control Room Volume knob to adjust the volume (it also controls the headphones).
yes as long as you have an output remaining.
I really don't know, you'd have to check your owers manual, but I don't see why not. I ordered a behringer XENYX 120FX, but I haven't taken it out of the box yet. Good luck!
It has a few levels of echo.. Long, short etc. But if you want better studio quality fx with variable tap ( you choose how many echoes) and selectable time I suggest the x1204usb
No! This mixer is not powered. You need powered speakers to use this mixer..
NO!
In my opinion while the pedal itself is smooth, it's not smooth enough for something of that caliber. You could probably go with something a bit more expensive.
Nope, Dave.. It only works with a Line 6 pedal board.. Big Al..
i use it with my podhd when I want two pedals. I use is as volume, or to control effects, I don't really like it as a wah, the pedal on the podhd is better for wah.
I don't think so, but you need to ask Electro-Harmonix to be sure. I have 2 different CC pedals and they don't work cross platform. I'm surprised they don't suggest a list of compatible pedals.
I'm thinking it should, as long as you have a pedal input jack for it...
Not sure, I've only used it with my line 6 m13, but even if it is I'd recommend getting a better pedal. This pedal is cheaply made and not worth half the price they ask for it. It amazes me that line 6 makes this tank of a stompbox modeler and then makes the cheapest pedal they can to use in conjunction with it.
It comes with a 12" TS cable. It only has one function so it doesn't need a second signal.
I don't know from experience, but the M13 has 2 ports for expression pedals and the EX-1 just connects with a 1/4in jack. No power cord or batteries to worry about. I hope this helps.
I cannot answer that question with a yes or no. I've only used it with Line 6 products. If you can find an instrument retailer that carries both, I suggest you test it out.
Hello YES, the Hot Hand adds some additional controls to the pedal, Thanks from 8thstreet Music
Hello Yes this includes a power supply from 8thstreet Music
Hello Yes Wired; http://www.8thstreet.com/product.asp?ProductCode=68064&Category=Guitar-Effects Thanks, 8thstreet Music
Hi I used this product on my Windows 8 and Windows 7 Laptop and it worked perfectly on both! Hope this helped!
The cable is about 5.5'. I bought a 20' USB 3.0 cable as an extension for about $12.00, but did not need to use it. I have my Apple Desktop on my desk with my Korg Keyboard at right angle to the desk and there is enough cord to plug into the piano keyboard.
I've done it with a StudioLogic 990 with Garageband on Mac.
I wondered the same thing, so looked this up on the EMU website, under Support &gt; XMIDI 1x1 Tab &gt; Quickstart Guide, which says: "Macintosh Users: E-MU Xmidi devices use the Apple CoreMIDI driver included in the Apple Operating System so no specific Mac driver for E-MU Xmidi devices is required."
Yes, it works perfectly with FL Studio, I'm using it myself with it
I have no idea. Contact Fender about that.
Yes. In fact, this is the model that Synthesia recommends.
Yes there should be no problem Xp should if not i know 100% windows 7 will and this is a great buy i am using this with windows 7 and a alesisQS7 keyboard my digital audio workstation is reason 7,mixcraft6,reaper.
You would use Apple's Camera Connector Kit, which plus in to the dock connector on the bottom of the iPad (1-3 models) and then provides a USB port. This would hook up to that, and is it doesn't take too much power, it may work. I have plugged up USB keyboards to the iPad that way, but never an adapter. The iPad USB port has limited power, so if this adapter draws too much, it will not work. In that case, you would plug a powered USB hub (that plugs in to wall power) in to the camera connector kit, then plug this in to that. I have not tested that, but I have plugged up USB joysticks and such to an adapter I built in to the USB port on the iPad just fine.
I'm using it on a Mac. Do not have a PC or Windows but it supposed to work with Mac and PC. I'm sure it does work because it is converting USB to MIDI and MIDI to USB which is not proprietary for MAC or PC.
no
Plug in some headphones into the audio jack on the side of the mic. If you can hear yourself (adjust the volume knob), the mic is working and you need to check settings as others describe. If you can't hear yourself, it's a dud. I use a lot of these mics with clients and have had one get damaged. Rode repaired it right away.
Yes, the cable was included, and I believe there was a connector also, but it wasn't the right one for the tripod I wanted to use - it may have been for one of those swivel arm mounts but I'm not positive about that.
They are both great. The pro caster is a little better sounding but it does not have headphone monitoring or usb. If you have a mixer and phantom power and xlr cables and need a mix for more than I one person for an interview, the pro is better
It requires an audio analog-to-digital interface of some kind to be used with a computer, like a sound card or the Balance peripheral from Propellerheads. The interface needs to be able to provide 48V phantom power to the mic. Most do, and all will say whether they do or not in the specs. I use an Echo Gina 3G interface, which is pretty serviceable. It has a card that you have to install in the motherboard and then a cable that connects to a "breakout box" which has the XLR connections to receive input (and provide phantom power) to the mic. Other interfaces go through USB or FireWire. Only use USB those if the interface supports USB 3.0, or else your latency will likely be hard to manage (you'll hear a noticeable delay between when you sing into the mic and what you hear from the monitors or headphones, which can cause real problems with your timing when you record). Basic quality hierarchy for home recording on a computer is this: 1) PCI-card interface (fastest, takes most technical skill to install, but not a whole lot, really, and nearly every desktop computer has a slot open). 2) USB 3.0 interface (you plug the mic into a box and the box into your computer). 3) Firewire interface (same thing). 4) USB 2.0 interface (depending on the age of your computer this may be all you have, apart from PCI.) 5) Microphone with USB cable built in (probably okay for amateur stuff, but I've not heard of any professionals using these. Maybe they've gotten better since I was shopping for them. If you get one, get USB 3.0 if you have the ports, because LATENCY)! Hope this helps!
Yes. XLR
No
Yes, it would work but if you are looking for that classic rock sound, a Dynamic mic like a Sm57-58-48 would be better.
No , its too sensitive.
I would go with an MXL 770 and it even costs less.
Cardboard box with foam inside and a 'not too' soft carry bag
I bought this microphone a few months back, I must say for the price this mic is great. I does add a bit of brightness to the overall sound quality of the vocal. I use it in my home studio since I got it and have not had any issue with it. I would recommend this microphone to anyone. Band no, recording studio yes! Great microphone for the money.
This is a great mic to use for rap and other vocals.
This Mic would work great for voice purposes as it has a thick mid range response. The sound of the microphone is fantastic. Also, if your home is in a relatively quiet area, then this will suffice well for home recordings. As far as comparisons with other mice are concerned. There are several ways to do that. On a budget these MXLs are absolute killers. Especially for home setups.
Frank, It is absolutely a good guitar for a 10 years old with this price. When I bought this guitar, my son was also 10 years old. This guitar was recommended by his guitar's instructor when my son started the lesson. Hope that your boy/girl would enjoy it.
Yes it will but its not that great of a package or guitar if someone truly wants to learn guitar. A squier start pack is comparable and just better quality. If someone is just looking for something they can make noise on and doesn't care about learning how to really play.Then this would totally do for those purposes. I bought this pack for a cheap parts donor.Body and neck. Even then it wwasn't that great.
no
Hi Francis! This Amplifier is rated at 12 Watts. Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays!
Its a full size.
Fender made two popular models in the 50's and 60's. The Telecaster and the Stratocaster. The most prefered was the Stratocaster if you had another $100 to spend. They both had a fantastic sound but the Stratocaster had the "Bigsby" attached to the lower bridge to give that vibrato sound. The Ventures used it in every song I think. There were other groups that used it as well which is what made it so popular. The Starcaster has the "Bigsby" and the sound is very simaliar to the old Fenders. Be aware the more you use the Bigsby the more you will have to retune the guitar. It stretches the strings especially new strings. This is a fine reproduction and a heck of a lot less then the old Fenders.
i only own the fender, but the boys really like it. the strings have started to break, but that is normal i have heard.
It is a full sized electric guitar
No but they sell left handed packages. They tend to price them a little higher. Plus the starcastsr line suffers quality issues
Yes, although it is bit more pricy, I believe. I am left handed as well, I have to use a right hand one, so you'll live. :/
The USB cable is include with the Tascam. it's a USB type A Male to B Male Cable (standard). When the software is installed, it's ready to go... microphone, guitar, keyboard, recorded with any audio software! working very well, easy to use!
I've had mi Tascam long enough I don't readily remember, but my guess would be that it doesn't come with a MIDI cable. Besides, if you're going to run MIDI with it, you'll need TWO cables - one for MIDI in and another for MIDI out.
No. This creates the pipeline - you have to supply the content.
I'd be happy to throw one in for you if you'd like!
Yes, it does.
I hope you are able to find the adjustable weight. Even if the weight didn't come off, though, I'm not sure if it's the best metronome. Here's the review I wrote about it in Amazon. There are two problems with this metronome. 1. It isn't loud enough to be heard clearly over the sound of the piano and its volume can't be adjusted. 2. The back-and-forth movement of the arm doesn't give a good visual clue of when the metronome will make its sound; the click comes a little before the arm reaches the end of its travel in each direction. I ended up buying a Seiko SQ50-V Quartz Metronome with adjustable volume, a light that coincides with the metronome click and a wheel that quickly and easily adjusts the metronome tempo.
Made in Germany.
I am sorry. I only ship in the United States. Thank you.
The overall dimensions are: 5.75 in. tall, 2.75 in. wide & 1.75 in. deep. It is made very well and used often by the 2 piano students in our home. Their piano instructor uses the same one. Hope this helps.
no it's not a full size...also I recommend you get one from guitar center.com... this one I bought off amazon was defective
It does`nt have a bell to distinguish a 3/4 from a 4/4 time signature...It`s a pretty simple ,yet accurate clicker with a tempo adjustment ..I hope that helps.
Yes. Mine says made in Germany on the bottom.
Yes, the microphone's cable ends with a MALE XLR. But the cable is somewhat short, you should definitely get a patch cable.
You are going to need a phantom box to run the mic through
It requires Phantom Power on the sound board.
The clip is too big to go onto the sound hole , the clip touches the string no matter where you put it.
I would recommend getting a 15 foot male to female microphone cable. Also, the mic requires phantom power. So make sure that is a feature on the amp that your husband will use with it.
If your soundboard doesn't support phantom power, then you will need an external phantom power box and an additional xlr cable to connect from the phantom power supply to your soundboard.
Probably not, because you have no place to clip it to on a flute. You could clip it to a music stand, which would allow you to for go a regular mic and mic stand.
I use it for trombone live, and it sounds great! Any lower than that, I'm not sure.
I am sure there is I would contact audio technica I think they have a mic similar already set up for wireless
No, it's a condenser mic that needs separate wired phantom power. It is a great mic though.
Yes. It's chromatic from A3 to E5.
I believe They are full chromatic scales. These are super cool bells. You will not regret getting them.
Hand bells you ring by ringing in the air. The desk bell has a button on top that you push to make the bell ring
The question seems to be incomplete. Do you mean what notes are in the 13 piece set? What notes are in the 7 piece set? What notes are in the 20 piece set?
no included pedal, that is sold separately, what you get is only the bass drum head
No. All you get is the batter head
The pedal is not included. The picture simply illustrates how the drum head would be used. It is a great bass drum head. Hope that helps.
Among other things, it allows you to undo your last recorded action (this is the big one), or reverse the track using your foot. It's really handy. Wouldn't recommend going without it.
Not really but you can go up or down with a blank channel and it will act like that but if you go back to the channel you were on it will still be on. It is mainly to change up or down to a different setting and change modes on the pedal. It works great for laying down back tracks for chorus and verses and be able to go back and forth and continue playing, works great as a one man band. I love it and use it for practicing for worship with the drums and added bass lines so it sounds more like it will with the full band or just to have fun playing with the other tracks.
Hi Dave: I bought this switch for use with the Digitech Jimi Hendrix Expressions pedal so I could scroll through the various models and modes instead of bedning over to change settings (bad for the back). What does the roland Cube 40XL have that would suggest this switch might be compatible (I only have a micro cube, since larger amps are OUT where I live).
I'm guessing that it probably will NOT. most amp switches use a 'constant contact" type switch (when you "open" the contact it stays open) while the FS3X uses a "Momentary contact" switch ( when you step on the switch it closes the switch till you take your foot off then the switch is "open" again). It's a confusing concept if you're not familiar with electronics. Best bet would be to check Guitar Centers USED section for a Amplifier foot switch.
Well after reading Guitar Centers description and the DigiTech website I have to say that you probably cannot (I could be completely wrong). You can try to see if it works with it since Amazon has a really open return policy.
I believe so i use it with mine///
Yes. 'Multiple Loop Playback with FS3X' - Page 57 of the JamMan Solo XT Manual. http://adn.harmanpro.com/product_documents/documents/1433_1377795492/JamMan_Solo_XT_Manual_5022947V-D_original.pdf Page 40 of the JamMan Solo Manual. http://adn.harmanpro.com/product_documents/documents/244_1305738117/JamMan%20Solo%20Manual%2018-0815V-B_original.pdf The operation is pretty much the same.
Just got JM Express XT. And was not aware there was an interface between the two. If I discover anything when I can attend to it I'll let you know
Yes. I bought this to use with my TC Helicon VoiceLive Touch.
If other products utilize a 3 switch pad, it seems logical that this pedal will work, but I have not tried it with anything except the JamMan box.
IT should work. as long as the Mackie thump has is't own power Supply. I us mine to connect to my speakers system.
Wrong gender. I think the SM58 has male termination, and so does this cable. I use this cable to output sound to a mixer.
No
It sounds like that might be the case. Android is a different OS than Iphone (sending device). Therefore the settings on the Android OS (sending device) might not be compatible with the source device. Remember, the cord is nothing more than a vehicle used to transfer audio signals from one device to another. If you are terminating the signal at a mixing device's balanced input Jack (XLR) then, in some cases you may have to do a little soldering to the cable's No. 3 & 1 pins. I hope this helps. Oh.. Also check the sending devices audio format eg. m3p,wav or mp4, etc.
No
Yes. It works with anything sound wise from your laptop or whatever it's connected to.
This is a Balanced to Unbalanced cable. The XLR end is Balanced. The TRS end is Unbalanced.
No
Yes, Stereo out of headphone jack on laptop to Mono xlr. "great for connecting the stereo output of portable CD Player, Walkman, Camcorder, etc., to a single XLR line input on a mixing console. Sums Left and Right Stereo signals to a single mono feed."
It will give a crackling sound with wire movement.
12 inch head x 24 inch in height
Hi. It is approximately 24" tall. Thanks, Guy
I don't have a clue!
Yup, I bought two sets and slapped them both in a rast bedside no problem. Just needed a few additional screw to attach them to the inside of the wood, but the fit is perfect with no modifications. Lemme know if you have any other q's (nsafchuk@hotmail.com)
I would use a bolt and nut to secure the rail to a piece of wood. Most heavy duty road cases use this method. Idea wood is mostly particle board, you'll have a difficult time getting a wood screw to work with it.
Enough to put 3 digi 003
The music and melody lines are the same and in the same key. It does not provide the harmony lines.
about 2 months I ordered some material for guitar with no tabs. 10.85 $ never got it !!!
Please let us know what specific questions you have and we can check for you. Unfortunately we cannot provide anymore pictures other than what is included on the website.
No, it's mono equipment. You can connect something like a MP3 player with a splitter (so you don't miss a channel), and adjust volume separately, but it has one EQ only. It works the same for all channels. In stereo sound, the only thing you'll miss is the panning effect, but besides that, the sound is really good.
http://www.amazon.com/Yamaha-FC4-Piano-Style-Sustain/dp/B0002F52EW/ref=sr_1_2?m=A14L2MX88GSRVI&s=musical-instruments&ie=UTF8&qid=1396449068&sr=1-2&keywords=foot+switch
It' s working on 110V only and you have to use the cord that comes with It
It puts out an amazing amount of sound. We.re using it in 200 seat church auditorium it fills the space up pretty well. There's a button on the controls that adjusts sound from instruments it works quite well in my opinion.
You sure can.
I use a tube pre amp and it sounds great. Without the tube pre amp it is trebly and has no warmth. I run a bass guitar through it at the same time and it works great at small venues.
Technically yes, but it's not really designed for that. You would have to take the LINK output and run it to an existing audio interface on your computer. If you're looking to record multiple instruments, you may have better success using a mixer and a USB audio interface. Check out the Behringer Xenyx 1204USB.
Im pretty sure you can bro...
Yes it does. I has a powerful bass and clear sound
You'll need a 3.5mm to rca cable
Most cctv mics requires 12v and have BNC or RCA plugs on them. This unit takes 1/4" plug inputs and does not provide 12v. So, to use it with cctv mics you'll need an adepter to convert the BNC or RCA plugs to 1/4" and provide some way to get 12v to the mics.
You can, however it will only play through one side of the headphone because the device only plays mono.
Not unless you used a splitter to split the steep signal.
I do not recommend this for karaoke for a few reasons. It is not a stereo mixer, it does not have XLR inputs for microphones (1/4 inch jack only), and it doe not allow for any EQ mixing. I recommend the Behringer 802 mixer for karaoke see this Amazon link or search Amazon. www.amazon.com/Behringer-802-Premium-8-Input-Preamps/dp/B000J5XS3C/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&qid=1398050127&sr=8-2&keywords=behringer
Yep that's what I use it for
Only AC adapter .
If your question is 'will this work for karaoke', then yes, it works well. That is what I got it for. I have my sources going in here and the mics are plugged directly into this. Volume adjustments for each line. This has a better sound than my mics plugged directly into the karaoke device. (Admittedly, I have a low-end karaoke player)
i use this mixer for a live setup, its tiny and really simple. there is no master volume, and no eq, just individual volume knobs for each input. if you just need a simple mixer without bells and whistles this should do the trick. a friend of mine uses it in her studio as a monitoring mixer. hope that helps a bit!
I use a 12V battery (motorcycle size) to power my MX400. The battery has two tabs (a plus and a minus). I bought clips that slide onto the battery terminals. I cut the cord and plug off the power supply that comes with the MX400. I attached the plug wires to the battery clips. You just slide the bare wire tips into the clip and crimp them with a crimping tool. I forget now how to be sure you get the right wires to the right battery terminals.
Remember this is a "mono mic mixer" not a stereo mixer . If you use a stereo mic you will most likely lose one channel , and I think most camcorders input or output stereo . I have not used this to mic into a mixer console or camcorder . I have only used it for mixing 4 mics into an instrument amplifier . It works perfectly . It does take some adjustment to avoid feedback , but they all do . To be as small and light weight as it is (it needs to be mounted in a way so as to not pull it off with a mic cord or something ) it does the job . It has two holes on the bottom for screws so you could mount it to a rack or something . I think they do make a stereo mixer also . Hope this helps !
They are made in Isreal.
It sounds "true" to me. I played it a bit and it sounded pretty good.
I think it is.
This xylophone is based on a C scale. That allows you to pick out the melody line of almost any tune.Just work with it. or find a simple piano book that gives you melody lines. There are some written for Easy piano.
The spacing is tight until you get to the "handle" area. I don't know how they would get cut, but you could get a little finger stuck in there.
It comes with a little card with five or six songs on it.
8 inches? It's bigger than an oatmeal container lid, but not as big as a regular dinner plate. My son has loved it since e got the set at 8 months old. It has also held up to his 'playing'!
To clarify further, it does NOT come with a cord as stated. What you would want to buy is a 1/4" 'TRS' cord to connect from the Fast Track's headphone jack to the input of this headphone amp. These are available on Amazon as well. If you use a regular 1/4" instrument cable, you lose stereo. TRS sends both right and left signals.
Jay, probably the easiest way is to use the following two items: 1) a 3.5 mm (1/8") to 3.5 mm stereo cable. 2) a 3.5 mm (1/8") to 1/4" stereo headphone adapter. Plug the 3.5 mm cable into your laptop, then use the adapter to plug into the headphone amp. If this is basically what you are doing and it doesn't work then you have some issue I can't diagnose from afar. Tommy
It is actually an active amplifier - 4 independently controlled amplifiers (each 80 ohms/0.04 watts) driven by the headphone out or line out of your mixer. We use it in a sports broadcast environment - more than enough power for our announcers to hear the mix.
The unit works only via a DC input - no normal facility for a battery. But if a battery is essential, a technician could certainly adapt a heavy duty battery and attach a chord which would power the unit. The unit is first rate, incidentally, and performs just as advertised.
Yes all inputs and output are 1/4. You will need 1/4 to 1/8 adapter for most consumer headphones.
Yes
110 unless you get an adapter.
I'm slightly confused as to what you're asking. I'm not familiar with the Zoom H6 Recorder, but I'm assuming you're using this for podcasting based on you saying "discussion." The way this device works is that you connect it into the headphone port of the recording device. Any headphones connected to the Microamp will hear everything you're recording.
Yes. That's what I own. We had 2 of the DT 770's, and 2 pair of Sony's hooked up at the same time.
The input requires a line level signal, so this would not be possible.
No. I'm not sure what you have in mind but this is strictly a booster designed to raise the signal of a guitar or keyboard before going into an amp. It is not suitable for use in any recording chain.
I don't know about recording specifically, but I can play my mandolin with just a piezo pickup into passive speakers, and it works great! No unwanted noise unless I turn the gain up all the way.
the PB100 IS a preamp. My daughter uses it with her Dean Markley ProMag Plus XM sound-hole pickup to record her guitar on her computer.
The foot switch is just an Active or Bypass switch, not a variable volume peddle. The Active volume is set by the GAIN pot, Bypass is straight through.
Nope, any 9v should work. I'm using a one spot power supply on it right now
Last
Don't see why not a preamp is a booster i use it in all different setups i use by itself or linked in my pedal board with great results
I have no idea but I have not had any issues with most sound systems. I use it with a variety of equipment
I don't know. The PB100 provides enough boost to drive my amp properly. It solved my problem. Likely your cassette deck has a line input. Per the PB100 specs, the output impedance is 1k ohm. This would match with typical line inputs but the question is whether the PB100 has enough gain to get you a high enough recording level. Might/Might Not. Check with Behringer tech support. They may have a definite answer.
You should be able to. I have only used it to amplify the sound from my bass, but it should work.
Probably not. Does your guitar have an on board preamp by any chance?
Do you have input and output connected. If yes then it should come on. I've owned two of these and never had any issues. Unit may be diffective if it still doesn't work with both connections engaged. Let me know if that works for you. Peace
Tho I have never tried it on one, my answer is yes I believe it would. This is probably one of the best, even tho it is the lowest priced modeler I've found. I have four of them one attached to each amp I use my acoustic guitar on. It will make a hundred dollar guitar sound good as any high dollar guitar you can find. Behringer also makes a bass modeler like this, it is silver in color and I owned one but sold it to a guy that really loved it on his bass.
I haven't used it for a mic but it works great for my acoustic guitar. I don't know why it couldn't be used with a mic. You would need to use the low impedance (xlr) input for the best results. I have never used a PG48 so I can't advise on that.
Yes, I use the V-tone with a non-powered mixer, power amp, and speakers. Also, I have used it with a Peavey powered mixer and speakers, as well as a regular guitar amp. It works well with all of my guitars. This includes acoustic, electric, and even bass. It will give your electric guitar an acoustic sound qualities. If your mixer has XLR connectors, use them to connect to the V-tone, for a cleaner stronger signal. ...David
It does not come with a power cord.
I would have to say that the AD121 does work as a preamp. I am sorry, I have never used the pb-100 by behringer so I can't offer any comparison. I use Martin OOCXAE, which has Fishman electronics. By itself, the Martin sounds good, with the AD121 I feel it sound is louder and I am able to tweek my sound and tailor it to my taste. I still can preserve the acoustic/electric sound with out it getting muddied up from too much processing.
Hi there. Everything is included. The motor runs on DC and can run on AC. You need to buy your own AC adapter to do so. I've been satisfied just with battery operation. I upgraded to an LED spot because the included spot floods more than spots, but it does the job. Remember the price: you can spend a lot more, but this kit is pretty good.
The light gets plugged in and the ball has batteries to rotate it. I might add the batteries last awhile, so many times I left the ball on for a day or more by accident!
Hello, the motor has three screw holes that you can use to mount it to your ceiling. For best safety, make sure you are putting the screws into a beam or ceiling joist. The kit does not include color lenses. We do have them available for sale in several colors.
When I ordered, it came with the pinspot and color gels. The color gels are really plastic caps that fit in front of the lamp. And they reduce the light a lot. If you are planning on using one of the darker colors, you will need to place the lamp very close to the ball. For example if you use the blue color, the lamp will need to be within 8ft of the ball.
No .... just a ceiling mount
On the bottom of the base
I'm going to say about 10 RPM.
No, the pinspot does have an electrical cord to plug in. The ball itself is run by battery. I've had mine since September 2013 and have not had to replace the battery yet. Buy it, you won't be disappointed.
no, but you can change the angle of the light source and that will change the direction
really do not remember. sorry.
It amplifies a line level signal for monitoring on multiple headphones.
Yes, the power supply is included and we use it for longer period but there is no problem with overheating.
Yes this would work but you will need to buy an additional cable. This cable will connect to your TV "Audio" out jacks via the RCA end and to the Behringer via the 1/4" end. The cable you need is a dual 1/4" to RCA. I will give you the part number I purchased. However, be aware you may want a longer cable which I am sure exist. I purchased a "Hosa" Cable PN: CPR202. This is a 1/4" to RCA cable 6.5 feet long. Hope this helps
Hey - this is true. You can get an adapter for less than 1, though. The amp is really made for higher-end studio headphones which usually use jacks, but you can still get the adapter. Be sure to get a stereo one.
Should be feasible. I would turn the gain down on A or youll blow your ears or headphones or both. At the very least it would distort. Can you not run the click off your board? That's the best way IMO.
3 year warranty thru behringer, no electronc products are warrantied from amazon, only sent back if wrong or mislead product info
This amp does have a great output level.
Each phones output can use either channel, not both. A switch selects channel A or B then the knob controls the volume of the selected channel for that output.
9 volts. 750 mA
Not the model I have.
Michael, A preamp depending on who makes it can do several things. It can boost the original microphones output gain to make the signal strength louder (stronger voltage wise) to the board or tape machine or wherever your connecting it to; It can make your specific type of microphone sound like another type of microphone. If your using a mic that needs phantom power it can act like a power supply supplying the 48Volts for the microphone to operate. Like a battery in the flashlight does for the bulb. It also can give you equalizer capabilities that aren't there with a straight signal from the microphones output so you can eq/contour your sound; and overall different types/styles of manufactured microphones sound different when they react to the sound pressure levels of the sounds they are picking up (air pressure in the envireoment being converted to an electrical signal so you can faithfully reproduce what you are putting the mic in front of (in your room ambient sounds/ Audiance applauses, yells, etc,.. people walking across the stage say in a play. So I hope that helps. I'll defer to anyone else who may have input for you. Overall, good success to you. Respectfully, R.E. Sliger ASCAP
Connecting this to pc is an activity. The microphone uses xlr professional connector. Using various adapters to change interface results in signal leakage and hum is picked up. Thus equipment will work with professional audio equipment and not very well with a pc. Very difficult to use because minimizing hum pick up is a major activity.
It works only with one. if you have two mics hooked on each it XLR will be the one active (the TRS signal is so low that is kind of useless). I guess the Y would also compromise the quality signal too. Better look for another solution that supports 2 mics
Yes, you could. Realize that some of the patches have limiting on them which is really heavy compression so you might not need much. This would definitely improve the sound of a dynamic mic. For the price point, it is a great little unit.
Thank you for contacting Parts Express. We do not ship internationally through Amazon. Please accept our apologies. Sincerely, Customer Service Team
The question makes no sense - of course they apply to the line in - that is the purpose of the effects...
Phantom power is available and used for condenser microphones or any microphone requiring DC voltage. A dynamic microphone is passive and requires no power. Most microphones used in PA systems are dynamic.
No, I don't think that what this designed for. You need a line matching transformer, which sometimes look like a tube with an xlr on one end and a mini on the other - not to be confused with just an adapter
Yes but it doesn't have anything native to support that nor does it have anything native to not support it. The phones out are just that; so if you want to run those into a wireless transmitter, that should work.
I have not used it that way. I don't see why it wouldn't work. A passive DI should be fine.
they are both mono input only units. the MA 400 mixes two mono sources (one mic level and one line level) to a stereo headphone out. the MX400 mixes 4 mono line sources to a mono line out; i do suppose you could run the left/right sides of stereo output into two separate inputs and combine to the mono output. is that what you're asking? and the ma400 boosts the signal enough to push a pair of headphones- so the purposes of the two units are very different.
In ear monitor quality only.
I would think any audio source and headphones. We bought it for use in a live application with our New Orleans style band where the clarinet player was having problems hearing himself in the mix from our just our on stage monitors. He used earbuds and it solved the problem for him for not a lot of money. Hope this helps. There are other devices, I think, that might work as well or better for amplifying the volume between your computer and your earphones (or ear buds) if that's all you need. Not sure if they would cost more or less, however. Behringer makes fairly reliable equipment, I think, at a low-end price. This unit is still working after quite a number of gigs and was quite cheap in price...really.
New worship, old worship, devil worship this unit ROCKS! I bought 2, one for a backup!!! Get down with your funky selves with this unit!
It's a great product and I'm sure it'll work fine with pretty much any headphone. It's not super high dollar, but every bit as good as the $50 rolls boxes
There's a stereo 1/4" input jack for line out or headphone out signals.
No, it wouldn't. The quality on these headphone monitors proved to be very bad in the three that I bought. I'm sure some people have had success with them, but my experience was not positive. I think you'd be better off buying more sensitive headphones if you need more volume.
I don't know, I use it with Windows 7. Check the maker's site.
If it does come with protools they usually have it for both pc n mac
No it don't come with software... I didn't need ilok... if u need software u can download it from protocols either that or u have issues with system compatibility
no, go with the mbox 3
Yes, protools
It work greate with Protools LE, and the box very protable to carry with you anywhere
Yes, I would like actually like verification on this as well. I actually need to order this now, and can't wait to fully verify whether it comes with ProTools 8 or not. The only mention of a ProTools version in the product description is of ProTools LE 7, but it mentions the free upgrade to ProTools 8 when it is released, so I think the product description is just outdated. I believe all new Mbox 2's should come with ProTools 8. If it ends up coming with 7, I'll be trying to get a free upgrade to 8 from Digidesign, since the product description does say you are entitled to one. This was an old post, but I'll report back when I receive it and confirm whether or not it comes with ProTools 8 or not. I just don't want to have to pay the $150 upgrade for ProTools 8. If someone who ordered this off Amazon recently could confirm whether or not it comes with ProTools 8 before tomorrow when I have to order it, it would be much appreciated. Thanks.
16 Bit, 48000Hz is where it maxes out. Perfect for playing 320 Kbps mp3's.
Available from Behringer or 3rd party from ASIO4ALL. Both are available under http://www.behringer.com/EN/Products/UCA202.aspx and click the downloads tab.
The inputs are line level - which means they will work for tape decks. The signal from record players (magnetic cartridge) is pretty low, so ou will need a preamp to get good results from a record player.
I don't think this will work. From my experience, both the headphone jack and the RCA jacks act as the same output.
Yes, the two "analog mono inputs/outputs" are both pairs for making it stereo, which means, when a pair of mono outputs are being used, you're hearing stereo. Actually the left speaker is conected to the L mono connector, and the right speaker to the R mono conector. Together L and R completes an stereo field
Take a look at Figure 4.1 (chapter 4. Working with the UCA202) in the manual. The phones output is for live monitoring while an output is sent to the L/R line-out jacks. They are designed to be used at the same time.
No, not in my experience.
I wish I could help but I only use the device for connecting a tape deck to my PC for digitizing music.
Yes, through both the built-in headphone jack and the second set of RCA jacks. All you need to do is set your computer to use the Behringer instead of its own built-in speakers/headphone jack. In Windows it is under the Sound option on the control panel.
Use a "Y" from mini jack stereo to two "RCA" Juan
You can buy it either way. I have done both. The Toontrack process at their web site is very secure, so there are a number of steps. You have to do this if you buy the physical product or the download.
EZ Drummer is one of the most real sounding Midi kits I've heard. The sounds themselves are actual drum recordings and triggered by Midi files. They also have some tweaking ability that can be edited..... like velocity and it has a humanize feature that adds randomness. If you really want to get down to extensive editing the (Superior Drummer albeit more expensive) offers more but I've found for my projects EZ Drummer fits in rather well. And if you want to, you can also create your own Midi files to trigger the kits.
I do not own this product but what I can tell is that e z drummer will need to be installed in a vst folder on a pc or laptop within a recording software such as cubase,protools,etc.the e z drummer set up is just that,ez !! just follow the directions that come with the disc and you should be fine.after insallation,you need to open the recording software and load ez drummer.this may vary from software to software but what you are looking for is the vst instruments panel.once you find it,click on "open grooves" and a selection of drum grooves will be displayed.you will see a bar on the interface that is like a play button.after you select a groove.press play and it should play.ez drummer grooves can be dragged and dropped into the recording lane of your software creating a recorded path that can be edited or added to once you get the basics of it,it really is quite fun.I don't know if the zoom r 24 comes with cubase or not but that is going to be the first step in using ez drummer.Good luck and remember to be creative!!!
No
I do not use Reaper but a quick scan of some forums and many do use EZ Drummer in Reaper. Any host application that utilizes Audio Unit, VST, AAX or RTAS should work fine including Reaper.
It SHOULD work with any DAW host that supports VSTI's. Toontrack has a demo on their website to download and try. That'll give you some idea if it'll work for you or not.
You could use whatever your favorite strings are for a classical guitar. It's a standard neck. I never got that far with it. It wasn't what I was looking for. Not a Martin sound quality (didn't expect much from the small body) but mainly it was too heavy/bulky to be useful for me.
No. I would look for a guitar designed for steel strings.
Yes, but I would also get some other strings. They supply "Genuine Martin" strings, but they seem to stretch more than others I have used for many years on a regular guitar. It is different than a full size guitar for holding. But it does sound good for its size. It is well made for the price.
Hello, Yes! we are only a 1 day ship to NY, Thanks from 8thstreet Music
No, this is an acoustic guitar.
Yes. The very well made bag is included along with detachable carrying strap.
The neck is way to wide on the classical guitar. I was extremely disappointed with the guitar and returned it. Check out YouTube for demonstrations of much better travel guitars. Don't buy it.
No. But I bungee cord it to a folding luggage cart and wheel it around just fine.
Not much. The only real "padding" is the fairly thick velcro-fastened strips that hold the keyboard in place in the bag. This bag is essentially the equivalent of a "soft" guitar case. There is plenty of room, though (at least for my Korg), to add your own padding on both sides of the keyboard.
case will be a bit larger, should fit OK. I haul a 40x3x13 board with it, it's too big for it but has internal padded straps. check the ext measurements and subtract an inch.
Sorry, I do not know. It works great for my Korg SP-250.
the bag measures about 55 1/2" long, 7 1/2" high, 201/2" wide. there is a pocket in the middle of the top flap that extends about 2" out from the top (so that would be it's height) and is about 12" wide and 24" long. i hope this helps. i really like the bag and it fits my keyboard well. there is plenty of room and at the same time, the keyboard is held securely in place by two padded velcro straps. i hope this helps.
If your tele is an American or Mexican tele with regular sealed tuners (not vintage) then yes. I have put these on both a strat and a tele with a PERFECT fit. The Squier tele's (I had an Affinity series) most likely will have only one hole for the little orientation studs so you have to drill for the second stud. I chose not to upgrade my Squier for that reason.
You need to drill stops in the head so they don't twist
Yes
The Fender guitars I installed these on had the dual bore already on the neck. There are notches on the top of the machine that fit into the holes bored. There's no screw to hold the machine in place like on a Grover or Schaller. As far as I know, no other locking machine has this feature. If you're playing a Fender that already has the bores in place, it's easy to install. If not, drilling the bores would require some VERY precise drilling. If it were me, and the neck didn't have bores, I'd opt for Grovers or Sperzels. Each of these machines requires only one hole be bored. The bore for a Sperzel is like the dual bore for the Fender - the hole is at the top of the machine and the peg sits in it, providing side-to-side support. Sperzels have the familiar thumbwheel locking mechanism. I think you can still get Grovers with thumbwheels but Grover also makes a newer line that makes use of a cam that locks onto the string as you pull it taut. It takes some getting used to but it works fine and is cheaper than Sperzels. I have never seen a dual bore for a Grover locking tuner. Just the one little screw is all. Same with Sperzels, just the one bore for the peg to sit in. Fenders, to my experience, are the only locking tuners with dual bores.
I used these in a 2011 American Standard Strat and they are a direct replacement. They have the two pins that line up with two holes in the headstock under the old tuners. No screws.
Yes, the nut is the very first place that I would look. I really enjoy the quick string changes of the locking tuners, but I've never felt that they helped any of my guitars stay in tune much better. The bridge and the nut are the most important in my opinion. You've got a new bridge so I'd look into a new nut. They're cheap, but you'll want to be careful to cut it correctly if you don't have it done by a good tech.
You will notice that there are no fasteners. In order to fit check, you should remove one of the machine heads, (tuners) and determine that the neck head is drilled for the two hole (for pins on the locking tuner) pattern which is required to locate and mount the locking tuners to the neck. If these holes are present and the through holes are the same size, they will fit. If not you will need further preparation for the new fender locking tuners. I cannot tell you if they will work, I would have to do the same investigation myself to be sure. I hope this helps.
If the jaguar has the square two pin tuners the USA strats have and the Teles, then yes. These tuners are very specific for the 'new' tuners that Fender is putting on their USA guitars. I did see a MIM strat that had the USA square back tuners, so these are a drop in replacement. Take off one of yours, like the low E string, and take it to Guitar Center to see if it's a match. Then make them price match it. I got mine for $37.
The product is made specifically for Fender USA guitars. I tried putting it on a Squire and came to an unpleasant surprise. They should fit the '95 Stabdard just fine. A detail I didn't notice is that these are staggered.
it goes on any fender instrument. My friend put it on Fender Jaguar :) I have it on Ibanez RG. so you decide
Yes, it is both solid, and simple, and folds to a smaller size. It isn't light, but, you can't have everything. It is much more solid than most x-brace stands.
24 inches to 37 inches, and can adjust quickly Additional tip: there are pre-drilled holes that will hold equipment firmly if you seat the adjusting screw right.
You can buy one with a second tier; I don't think the base stand will take an after-market add-on: http://www.amazon.com/Stage-Tier-Folding-Keyboard-Stand/dp/B0002F6JH6/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1406527435&sr=8-1&keywords=On-Stage+Stands+Folding+Heavy-Duty+Dual-Tier+Z+Stand The pics on Musician's Friend make it clearer, I think. The prices are the same. http://www.musiciansfriend.com/accessories/on-stage-stands-folding-heavy-duty-dual-tier-z-stand
The maximum width that I can get mine to go is 33 inches. I keep mine at 30 1/2 inches wide and it supports my 52 inch Yamaha electronic piano with perfect stability.
Minimum width is 20 inches.
I'm sure it did, but I probably tossed it. It's a sturdy & stable piece, so I have no worries on it. Now if you're frequently assembling/taking-down still seems like it would take that beating & should last just fine. My only concern is that the keyboard just 'rests' on top. While there are some rubber/non-slip strips there, wished it was secured better. (maybe adding sticky backed velcro 'hook-loop')
It should.
Pretty easily...for quick transport, I just flip the top and bottom rails over so they're parallel with the main vertical support legs, then the whole thing is flat for carrying. But it gets even more compact if you also take off the center support (just a quick unscrewing of the knobs on either side), then the whole thing is in three easily moveable pieces.
Its surprisingly sturdy. My piano is a CME UF 80 classic... 1408 x 372 x 150mm. Weight: 24.7kg. Holds that fine for me all the way up to full height. I can't imagine why granite wouldn't be held just as easily?
About an inch and a half deeper than my Yamaha s90. Maybe less, because the s90 tapers in at the bottom. Roughly equivalent.
There are two sounds possible, but you only get one or the other- so if you are asking if you can change the sound so beat one has a different sound from the other beats in a measure, no- it doesn't do that. Of the two sounds, one is rather "woody" like an old school metronome, the other is more like a "beep" but not as annoying as lots of cheap metronomes. It has a volume control too- nice touch.
Yes it has a volume switch. An app on my iPhone says it goes from 50decibels (barely hear it) to 75 decibels. I can hear it with my guitar at 90 dcb. Just be careful with the switch. It broke off but I still use a pen tip to turn it on.
Yes. Tuba might be a problem, but not violin.
The metronome has quite a prominent sound, designed to be heard while practicing a musical instrument. The toddler will definitely hear this device. Good Luck
Yes the headphone are only mono. It is for only one ear.
Looking at my metronome, I do not think it counts by 1's. :(
It's very small.....about 5"x3".....that's what I like about it! It's a good little metronome!
It has a volume control and an earphone jack - by itself it is loud enough to annoy me - it is for my 7 year old and her piano lessons - and depending on how loud you bang the piano will determine if it is really loud enough. If you have a Keyboard with volume control well maybe you can get louder more easily. But the ear jack should be good for anyone. I think it is 3mm Jack.
Yes it does.The light is on the top of the face.
Yes, this is a digital device.
When I purchased mine all the books were with it. However, the a/c power source you have to purchase separately.
It comes with a small sd card and a cover that you can put the recorder in. It does not come with a ac plug adapter I highly recommend you buy one because the batteries only last a few minutes
It comes with an input, and it has EQ and effects. you could also record directly from your PA using an instrument cable. It is a great recorder for demos, especially for the price.
It does. To activate it You have to change the input by pressing one of the buttons. You'll see a mic option
Yes
The inside length is 43 1/8 inches; upper bout is 13 inches; and lower bout is 16 1/2 inches. Depth is 5 inches (with lid closed). Since your guitar is 43 inches long, it should fit. My Oscar Schmidt 12-string is 43 inches long.
I don't have a Seagull but it fits my 12 string. It's supposed to fit all various 12 string model guitars.
I bought the case for an epiphone 12 string and it fit great. No problems.
It fits my 12 string New York pro which is a full size body with a Lind head stock so I believe it will
I am not sure. My Guild 12 string fits in it quite well. I used the measurements of the guitar and of the case to make my decision and rejected several as being too big or too small. This one fit quite well.
It probably won't fit since that Takamine has a jumbo body and this case is made for dreadnought bodies. It's pretty roomy around the lower bout of my Fender CD160SE so it's possible that it could fit the Tak, but I doubt it. I tried to fit a Taylor jumbo 12 string in (LKSM model) and it didn't work. You would probably have better luck with the Gator GW-JUMBO or GC-JUMBO models
Yes, I bought one the last year, the case works perfect for my 12 string guitar!!!
Hello! No, also it does not provide any attach for do so... Its a food device, but it will be possible to use a screwdriver to open it and fix the little enceintes, but theres no a problem! I fix mine in less than five minutes! There is no too much distorsion, works good on clean. Its for practice and maybe little rush with friends or jammings inside a room.
sounds like fully distorted 1 watt, sound, or about 60-75 dB A level with soundmeter about 1 meter away.. it is loud enough for small group...in a room. you can reduce level of built in distortion, by going lower in vol.
Yes it does, on the side. Just fired it up a couple of hours ago. Great output for 1 watt.
I have only used it to practice with my lap steel.
It's only input is a 1/4 inch mono typically for an instrument. But yes, if you get the proper cords or adapters you could. I'm not sure that it would sound very good, never tried it myself.
Hello! So easy! a 9v adaptator! You can get it in any place, like a Supermarket! for less than $10 bucks.
We only ship within the U.S.. Sorry about that
No, it does not. You are better off going to a guitar retailer and purchasing one of a similar brand which does come with one for the same price. Best of luck.
happy new year to all...this amp is approx 6 inches tall and 6 inches wide and abt 1.5 inch deep, and weight is not much...so if you move your guitar about, u will find this thing laid out sleeping on the floor... but it is a fun distortion sound, just for kicks...
I have never used Tusq, so I can't be of any help. I have tried the Martin ebonys on my recording king, and I can't tell any difference from the factory pins, but that could be different if someone else was listening. I can tell you that the Martin pins are very high quality, and the accuracy of manufacture is very, very nice. rf
It's a direct replacement for Martin Guitars, so 00-15M will fit these pins. I have no idea about the other bramds
What's the taper? More than likely yes. I have a 2013 Martin GP performing artist series solid rosewood and these work well. One thing to note is be aware of some tonal changes. In mine I got longer sustain, it's a tad louder, a bit punchier , and the top end and bottom end are more prominent. Hope this helps. If not ask anything and I'll get back to you.
I got these for my D-16GT and they fitted perfectly!! I'm sure they will for all Martin models
I would first check for a pinched or crimped wire especially near the output and the sensor. If that doesn't reveal any answers and the unit just simply died, then contact David and he will take care of you. The last thing a manufacturer wants is an unhappy customer.
That's correct... I use it with no preamp whatsoever.. And it seems to be plenty hot enough with my amp...
Yes, it is. I bought it for my son, who plays acoustic bass at Otterbein University. He has been using it for nearly a year without any issues.
No drill, you loop it through your g string, you have to take the string off
Hell yeah ! I have mine hooked up to 4x10 and I can have the cops over in no time when I fire it up !
Yes as long as it's a 4ohm cabinet I powered a GK gold line 8x10 with it worked quite well...
Yes, this should work as long it has the speak connection on the Cab which Im sure it does
Yes it does.
I am running a Hartke 4 - 10 cab on mine. It sounds incredible.
Not yet...we beat the rockabilly crap out of this thing 3 to 4 nites a week....it kicks ass for the price...
Don't know what to tell you. I would imagine to contact there service rep. The output on mine works great, it is a nice amp...
It's basically saying if you split it and run two channels you will split the power. I run it into a single channel 4x10 cabinet. Plenty loud with that. The lower the ohms the more power directed to the channel.
Whaaat?? 19Watt what?? This is a Bass Guitar Amplifier. If you have a 19watt Bass then yes it will for a few minutes then you'll blow the amp's preamp out. Sorry but that's an ignorant question.
If the On Stage is 5/8"-27 U.S. standard thread, look at the shock mount where it attaches to stand. There is a 3/8"-18 European thread adapter installed. Take a Penny and use it to engage the two slots on both sides, then turn counter clockwise to remove. Many folks have not had the sense to do this and returned the SP01 because it won't fit their stand or have given it a bad review.
YES! I'm so excited that it does work, a cheaper alternative to Blue's $100 option. I bought the blue spark digital about two months ago and I have been having an issue with picking up my keyboard and mouse clicks, now that I have this mount, I can put it on a stand!
I do not see that mic pictured anywhere on the web with a spider mount. I would have to guess no.
It will not, as received. If you are mechanically inclined, remove the mic locking bushing from bottom of shock mount by carefully prying it out from the bottom using a flat blade screwdriver. (Do not try to remove the bushing from MXL stand mount). Then obtain two rubber "O" rings about 7/8" inside diameter with 1/8" thickness. Stretch them, one at a time, onto the outside of bushing removed from bottom of shock mount. This acts as a spacer to take up slack when screwed onto 550. Put the 550 into mount and carefully screw the bushing (lock nut) onto mic and snug it up till mic is secure. The "O" rings should be on the outside of shock mount bottom. Be careful not to cross thread when starting to screw it on. Another way would be to put bushing through hole in bottom of mount and hold it whilst turning mic until snug. Don't forget to remove the thread adapter from stand fitting if you are using it with U.S. 5/8" stands. Works well for me.
Yes & No. Right out of the box they are not compatible. However, if you are moderately mechanically inclined, a simple operation will allow them to work perfectly, without having to buy a shock mount with that ugly squeeze clamp that fits around the body and may cost more as well. You will need a quality flat blade screw driver about 1/4" wide and on the thin side. I used the large flat one from a Leatherman Tool. You have to remove the Samson threaded mic attachment collar using a flat blade screwdriver to pry it from bottom of shock mount, working around and prying it out. Kind of like prying the lid off a paint can. There is a circular metal ring in a groove inside that keeps it from falling out. I have removed the Samson collar from bottom of several SP01's and use them with various mic's that come with a fixed stand mount. Such as, MXL , AKG Perception 100, and Groove Tube GT M11. Depending on the particular mic, you may need to use one or two approx. 13/16" I.D. X 1/8" thick O'rings as spacers with the screw on collar. If you can't get O' rings, you will need to do the same operation with the 550 stand adapter to liberate the screw on collar. The stand mount is plastic and will crack a piece around the hole when you pry out the metal collar. This does not keep you from using it if you want to, it's just that the screw collar will be separate and can be used with the SPO1 or the fixed stand adapter. It fits the 550 just right and works very well. Always be careful not to cross thread when attaching mike to stand adapter, like you would when attaching to a mike stand. If it doesn't turn freely, don't force it! Back it up until you feel the threads connect then gently screw it on and snug it up. It's very easy, but if you are mechanically challenged, I would not recommend trying it.
I tried it and can confirm that it DOES NOT FIT the TLM-103.
That is my mic I had before the one I do now and it fit PERFECTLY. However if you are going to upgrade to the AT2020 it fits a little loose inside (that is what I have now), still works but just a bit loose.
I have an NT2a. It does not fit. The threaded base on the shock mount is too large for the nt2a.
Well, it's about 5.5 inches at its widest, and 5 inches at its tallest. the hub that connects to the boom, adds about another inch to the width. And it weighs in about about 14 ounces.
No, it doesn't fit the B1. We purchased both and were disappointed that it didn't fit.
It runs on 110v AC - plugs into a normal wall outlet. I don't see any way to run it without a source of 110V AC.
You should have 1.) option for off, 2.) option for fan only to clean the machine and 3.) option for fan and rotation. Our customers always turn on the fan only button and think the unit is broken.. just make sure you tried the other way too.
Puts out a ridiculous amount of bubbles. I guesstimate at least a couple hundred per minute. Keep in mind that the bubbles aren't too big, maybe 1-1.5" in diameter. Not sure if the bubble juice makes a big difference, but seems like the cheap stuff from toys r us works great.
Yeah, it should work fine.
Any type works. I use the giant gallon sized ones from wal mart.
I use bubble liquid from Walmart and dollar tree and it works fine.
You cannot control the flow of the bubbles.
Foam Machine? Not sure what you are trying to accomplish.
As long as you can power it up with the right voltage, jeep it leveled, and use a good bubble fluid.
I don't think so, its designed for disco
I play right handed and use the Qwik Tune for tuning the strings mostly, but it does not appear to be able to switch to cords for left handed playing.
Yes. This can be used without being plugged into the guitar. The microphone does not seem to be great, but will pick up the notes with it very close.
Don't know why you couldn't, the tuner just picks up the tone you play and displays what note it is and how close you are.
No
It uses 2 AAA batteries.
It have A BC D E G F. Em chords it have a bunch of chords.
I would say that you can use this tuner on any string instrument as to tuning. Naturally the cords are for standard tuned guitars, electric or acoustic.
My keyboard "sits" on pads and stays securely without being attached in any way. I like the sturdiness and adjustability of this stand better than the X type.
Hi Chana, I am not familiar with the P-105. But I can say that my P-35 weighs 25 pounds and measures L 52 3/16"x W 11 5/8" H 6 1/16. There are rubber pads on top of the arm that it sits on and it holds it well. It does not slip. The stand is sturdy and no tools are needed to set it up or break it down. I like mine. I hope this was somewhat helpful. Judy
Kariliza, This may not be much help, but at least you'll have the length sizes: http://usa.yamaha.com/products/musical-instruments/keyboards/accessories/kb-stands/pkbz1/?mode=model There's also a place to enter your zip code to find a dealer near you that may have all the information.
Should work I think. I have a 29 key Akai that fits.
probably. How tall are you? I can adjust it to standing position for me and I am 5'4"
It is about the same depth as your keyboard. When you place the keyboard on top of the stand, you can slide the two items up against the wall. Plan on the depth of your keyboard as the measurement of the distance from the wall.
While I don't know the size of your keyboard, I think it will. Basically the keyboard just sits on top of the stand and does not actually mount to the stand. The stand is very sturdy however. I hope this helps.
Hi David, I like this stand very much. It's light weight, no tools needed to set up or break down, and my piano stays put even when I play with a heavy hand. I have a Yamaha P-35. 88 keys. 52 3/16 (L) x 11 5/8 (D) x 6 1/16 (H) WEIGHT 25.6 LBS. I hope this was helpful. Judy T.
Hi Cassandra, I don't know the dimensions of your YPG-235 but my P-35 measures 52 3/16 long,11 5/8 wide, and 6 1/16 high. It weighs 25.6 pounds. I love this stand. It is so simple and light but extremely sturdy. If you play very hard it handles it well. The piano does not jump around at all. It's very easy to adjust the height. It breaks down and sets up in a second. No tools needed. From 1-10 I would give it a 10! Judy T.
yes
this product has VERY Poor "Gain" input ! and the transmitting Pack cannot be adjusted. I regret even purchasing this product.
Yes, (read the description again carefully) Mine came with 4 lavalier mics AND 4 headset mics. I've never used the headset mics, but I use the lavalier mics all the time. When you get it, check out everything and make sure it works. The first one I ordered I had a problem but I returned it and got a good one. I love being able to use four mics at a time.
You can, BUT you either must order them at the same time or tell them that you already have another unit. If you do so, I am told that they will work together. (If ordered through Amazon, I'm not sure how you would relay that request...) Bottom line: there are two slightly different configurations, each of which operate on different frequencies.
No. The system is designed to be plugged into an amplifier and broadcasts through external speakers (microphone)
Unit is bad because not all are working at the same time even they replaced the unit once. It's cheap that is why, we get what we paid for :(
Good Afternoon, I apologize but you may need to speak with the manufacturer on this one. We don't sell them individually and we can't guarantee the frequency. Thank you.
You will need to attach this unit to a sound system using the 1/4" plug supplied or a mic cord. The main thing to remember is that this unit has to be plugged into an amplifier and the amplifier to speakers.
Catches more babes than all other strings combined.
Short answer: marketing. For the real story see the Ernie Ball website, but if you trust my memory... many, many moons ago there were few guitar string makers and they pretty much made the same thing- strings that helped a guitar be heard in a Big Band environment. The Ernie Ball company was one of the first to start marketing "boutique strings" that were easier for the player to fret and to bend. Compared to other strings at the time (anybody remember Black Diamonds?) the word "slinky" pretty much described how they felt.
You're not going to damage it. Those are standard strings. I use them with all of my guitars. Trust me, you're good. If you want to ask me some questions about getting started, post your email in a response and I will happily guide you through it.
All 6 of the strings are in the pack, they just put each string into its own paper envelope for easy identification. The ball-ends aren't color-coded like D'addario. Hope this helps. :)
I have found that the Regular Slinky (yellow) is much easier to tune in Rocksmith vs the Pink Super Slinky strings. This is especially the case with the songs with alternate tuning like Drop D. The pink will often not register notes right. They are a bit harder to bend but I think easier to grab with your fingers.
Most strings will fit most scaled guitar lengths. The only thing you need be concerned about is "Intonation" and "String Height" in the changing of string gauges and different scale lengths. When you change string gauges it will require a change in string heights to accommodate the new difference in size of the string which will be a different distance from the frets. Any string will do and the Ernie Ball Regulars are an excellent choice. But, Intonation is the issue when you are dealing with any scale length. Don't want the string too forward or too back. Want it in the Sweet Spot for the best tone. So any adjustments to effect Intonation is done on the Bridge Saddle screws on most guitars and on yours, which will move that Sweet Spot forward or backward. There are sites that explain how to. Or can take it to a music place that does this type thing, which is about all of them.
Includes all 6 strings.
Works great on any electric guitar. Super thin strings easy to play. Harder to keep in tune. :)
Ernie Ball's site says good for drop D and C, but does not mention B
What I purchased was 9 11 16 26 36 46 that is the hybrid set
No, it's a simple equalizer I use for my headphones. It would be nice but @ this price it works well for what I need it to do.
I get terrible sound with my hearing aids. The quality through the Behringer is much improved. The quality & volumes of the signals between HD & low def is nearly unbearable. This set-up give me almost normal sound for movies & music. From the back of the TV I use RCA outs to the EQ. I use a Y jack plugged into the equalizer. I then have a headphone cord to my Bose noise reduction headphones with a volume roller snapped in. This allows me to constantly control the volume to the headphones as well as set the EQ to the best quality my ears can hear. When I travel I use a small rechargeable headphone amp with a built in EQ.
Yes. they are separate independent inputs. Thus stereo.
As-is, no. This is for studio use.
Yes you will need 2 stereo rca cables and run the audio through the AUX input output like a recording tape loop.
The FBQ800 is meant for home use and comes with an AC power supply.
Of course not. It's function is to eliminate specific frequencies.
The lowest two bands are 63Hz and 125Hz and the range on each band is +- 12 dB. Even though this definitely is not the correct way to use this device, or to "equalize subwofers," you can turn all the other bands down to -12 and play with the levels of the 63Hz and 125Hz until you get your desired response. Thus, you can use this as a low pass filter, but it is better to just buy a low pass filter. Remember, this unit needs to be installed between your audio source and the power amp of your subwoofer.
Yes, it's simply a matter of have the right connectors. Note that both the input and the output of the FBQ800 are at Line level. The output of your tube preamp should be at Line level but check first.
Yes, you can. Has RCA and 1/4 connectors
Yes you can.... Have fun....
Yes. You can use this with any mixer that has main outputs, channel inserts or insert points located elsewhere.
If you run the CD player thru this device, them yes it will add vocal/ instrument effects to it
Go to the websight and download the manuel. There is an explanation for this there. Indeed there are no XLR inputs or outputs only 1/4 inch.
Yes, a power adaptor.
None. I used 1/4" to XLR adapters. The inputs are close together and the heavy adapters caused the entire thing to want to tip over.
Yes.
Yes if the mixer you are using can have its inserts routed so that signal is only sent to the monitors and not to the matrix or bus feeding the recording. You can route your channel (from a direct output off a channel strip and monitor that if you don't want to record effects) or route the main left and right through it if you don't want use inserts (If you do the second way it will be recorded). I used this for live shows not in the studio and I'm not sure this would be a very good Effects to use in the studio. It can be noisy and add noise to your recording. It was a last resort for me and I don't use it now that decent digital mixers, which are a better option for live and studio use, are priced better than they used to be.
You are going to use the FX Send and the Aux Return. This will allow you to pipe the desired amount of effect into the individual channels.
This a great piece of music gear, you can use it for anything, I have it connected to a 8 channel mixer board and an external sound card along with 2 audio interfaces as well as a behringer mic Preamp that goes along with the Fex800 ... So with the right patch cords you can connect this to just about any music gear with same patch cord connection... Its a def worth it purchase...
If your stylus looks like this it does not matter the model they are all interchangeable. I use the pro S concord as I find they has the best bang for the buck
Yes, this stylus will fit your cart
Do u have an ortofon cartridge?..this is just the stylus tip....
of course
Yes
No... This only fits in ORTOFON CARTRIDGES... Concorde or OM
Hi There, Unfortunately Im not sure what other needles will work on that particular cartridge. Im using the ortolan pro stylus. If it looks like it could work you could buy and return. I have done that move before with other cartridges. Good luck,
You shouldn't have a problem. Also, this is a great stylus. Well worth the chedda.
good question...looking at the OM 10 it looks identical. Don't know the quality of sound but all ortofon needles sounds great to me.(I think it will work not 100%) .
If you bought a full kit, there should be a needle brush.
I don't have this amp (yet) but I can tell you that you will need a microphone with a "low Z" or low-impedance cable. The mic input is three prong female so you will need a mic with a low impedance cable which will have a three prong male end to plug into the amp and a female end that connects to the mic. I recommend a Shure SM58 or SM57 for vocals. The instrument input is for a typical "guitar" cable with 1/4 inch male ends. Also, I don't think the 8" speaker in this amp is big enough for bar use unless it's a really small bar and even then the amp would have to be placed at ear level. This is the only amp I've ever seen that has inputs for both vocals and acoustic instrument (low and high impedance) so I'm buying it just for that feature. Just make sure that your acoustic instrument has an output for guitar cable or otherwise you will need 2 mics, one for vocals (SM58) and one for guitar (SM57). I hope that helps. Sam (DOG TOY)
Yeah it has a very good sound... I use this amplifier with a piano and you just need to equalize very good LOW, MID and HIGH depending on the type of instrument you are reproducing. Of course it is small, dont think that you are going to play in a concert with a lot of people, its more like just for you and practice with your band or monitor yourself...
Yes, this amp has one input for instrument and one for a microphone. There is also an AUX input (for MP3 player for example) and all 3 can sound at the same time.
This is what I'm using. http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000068NW5/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o03_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1
No, it is AC powered. You can get a small converter to plug in a cireret plug. It is one of the few with 2 and a 3rd possible input so it takes the place of an instrument and a mike amplifier if you sing. It has a decent sound but not anything like a big amp.
Yes. You can play any electric instrument that uses a standard 1/4" phono plug or an equivalent adapter.
no. what I do is connect my laptop to two speakers used for the pc with a usb port. I use just fairly cheap $25 speaker set and then plug in a mic to the behringer. this works fine and I get good results.
If you mean can you play your keyboard through it, yes you could, but it wouldn't have the best sound quality.
No you do not...
No, that is not normal. Mine came with a cord.
Yes. I can fit it in a thin case
I don't know, but I will tell you this I've got the blue microphone and the pop screen and a "heavy" shock mount on it and it holds it very well... Right now, it's probably got a total of 5 - 7 lbs on it with no problem
To use it on any microphone, the microphone has to have an opening on the bottom allowing it to be screwed onto a stand. I don't know if the go mic has such an opening. I use the stand with a samson meteor mic.
At least 5lbs, I was very impressed when it came in the mail
It's about 5 and 1/4 high, with the base measuring 6 inches.
I guess it will... You would need a shock mount though... It will screw on to any standard shockmount.. You might need an adapter for smaller shock mounts...it depends on what you have! But it works nicely and is heavy enough to hold the mic! I recomend it ;)
If your mic has standard USA threads it should be fine however some have European threading in that case you'll need to buy an adapter (available on Amazon) or try the Adjustable Desktop Mic Stand (also available on Amazon) that has the adapter built in.
It can support the P105B as it is a standard stand. It is adjustable too. The length of the piano will clearly be longer than the stand, but the width will be perfect. I have seen other stands paired with this digital piano and the fit seems the same. My daughter uses this stand with her keyboard and we have had to adjust it only once. It is very sturdy and I like the rubber stabilizing strips. Very well made. As for weight, I don't quite remember. The product had to be assembled so I would assume a few pounds heavier than the actual product. Hope this help.
Sorry, I'm not familiar with the a stage two tier addition for this stand. My use has been only as a stand for a single Yamaha YPG 235 at home. For this application it works great because it is sturdy and stable and has no problem handling fairly heavy and wide keyboards. In case you're planning to use it in a sitting mode, I would caution you to be aware that it is tough to find a comfortable place to put your knees.
I would think so, but I have a Yamaha Mox 8 with full keyboard. I bought this because it was very sturdy, and easy to fold and carry. It is adjustable which makes it useful for other keyboards.
It works great for my YPG235 It's robust, sturdy, secure and easy to set up. Only word of caution is that if you plan to use it in a sitting position most of the time, you might be happier with a "platform style" stand that wont drastically restrict where you can put your knees.
The only measurement that affects whether your piano will fit is the width of your piano (tip of piano key to the backside of the piano). If it is wider than rods in the picture, then you simply wouldn't be able to use the little nubs at the ends of each rod to prevent your keyboard from sliding off. I measured it just now. The upper rods that your keyboard would rest on are about 14 inches long. If your keyboard's width is equal or less than that, you're good to do.
Yes, will work with the PSRE-343.
Yes, this stand will fit a Yamaha P120.
I haven't tried that---hopefully someone will and share their results. In the meantime, it's worth noting that purchasing an adjustable bench can help you achieve a comfortable keyboard height relative to your seat height. At least this is how I managw, because the minimum height of this keyboard-stand is far too high for any other chair in my room.
Hi GMan, The release is pretty well concealed. It is located near the top of the outermost pair of legs that carries the "height setting dial" at the center pivot. At the top of that leg (just under the cross bar that supports one of end of the keyboard), you will see a slot on the outboard side of the leg. [Note: This is the only leg that has that slot.] Protruding from that slot is a spring loaded short rod or peg with a rubber cover. If you squeeze that rod upwards towards the keyboard resting bar, the rod will slide up in its slot and release the detent on the height setting dial. To prevent disaster, you will probably want to set the height without the keyboard sitting on the stand. I hope you enjoy your stand.
Hello Dano686, well my friend this equipment gives you the oportunitty to modify the sounds of your guitar like you were playing through a series of the best amplifiers of the world. Only one of the modeled fender amplifiers cost a fortune. In order to record you will need another device where you can plug the outline of the FloorPOD Plus. I have a Lexicon Alpha that I plugged to my computer and I mixed my recordings with Ardour (the best free software for recording and mixing) under Debian Linux Operating System. You can also use any other software of your choice. I highly recommend you to purchase the FloorPod Plus, or some of the new products of Line6, they're really good. I hope I helped you. My best regards from Venezuela.
Hi !!! Im not really sure to be honest, but the Floor POD Plus has MIDI ports as your Tascam... and because MIDI is a standarized protocol I asume that your Tascam will not have any problem. I read the Floor POD Plus manual and It only says that its compatible with MIDI recording devices... but if you wanna know for sure, you could contact Line6 support for more detailed information about that.
Yes
two input 1/4 midi i/o and stereo input to headphone
Depends on the rate you set the controls at
No, it's a cool case and good for putting around but I wouldn't trust it to baggage handlers.
China
Yes this is what i have it fits nicely
Yes, the case isn't cut to fit a particular shape, so a lefty Strat/Tele-size would fit as well as a righty.
It might, but I wouldn't do it. SG has a neck tilted to the body and would not be supported at the body-neck joint. I think they make a case for the SG.
Yes
Si.
It's not going to work in the water, of course. Since I have carried in rainy day for few times, I haven't experienced any leaking so far. However, you may ask others, too. They could have different opinions. At least it has worked for me.
Seems like any standard scale solid body guitar without a steep neck angle would fit. Don't know the ESP, but if the neck is close to parallel with the body it will probably fit.
My Strat fits fine
The D and DR model guitars are 'dreadnaughts', which is a standard size. I've got a BlueRidge BD-16 dreadnaught in that case now, so there should be no problem as long as you get the 'DREAD' model bag.
I measured the inside of the Gator GBE-DREAD acoustic guitar case as best I could, and got these measurements: Hip 16 inches Waist 12 1/2 inches Shoulder 12 1/2 inches Length 40 1/2 inches Max Depth 5 inches - deceases to 4 1/2 inches at the Shoulder Based on these, your guitar is far too wide for this case. Sorry.
yes, it only has one strap, you can choose put it on either side as your preference. It is a crossbody strap, not like a backpack straps. I used it for a couple of time, is was not that good. I would rather use the handle. But I like the case, quality is good enough for my $200 guitar.
The pocket should be big enough, but the case may be too tight on the guitar to fit it. The case is pretty snug on mine, I wouldn't be able to fit much in the pocket.
I'm not sure. However, the Gator GBE-Dread guitar bag is pretty roomy so it might work.
Yes
It should fit okay.My Alverez acoustic is similar in size and fits nicely.
My dreadnought is a bluegridge, exact same size as my Martin. Compare the Alvarez to a Martin Dred. If it's any bigger, it won't work. I bet they're the same.
I prefer shoulder strap. You don't have worry about banging into objects if you're not paying attention to where its being held.
No, the bag is not that thick, only about 4 inches.
The Ebow does not require any pickups, actually. All that is required is that your strings have some ferrous metal (containing iron) content, which most, aside from nylons, will. This means that you can use this not only on an electric with silgles or humbuckers, but also on acoustics, basses, and the infinite number of other steel-stringed instruments.
You have to make sure the string you want to sound aligns with the indentation underneath the bow. You then gradually get the bow (on position, blue light) close to the string, since the mechanism of the bow is based on magnetically making the string vibrate. Also, make sure your guitar has good volume. A little distorsion would increment the effect.
If youre using nylon strings then no. It works off a magnetic pull to vibrate it. It also wont be terribly loud without an amp but it will work.
That would depend on which seller you are attempting to purchase from. If you are trying to purchase from an FBA seller, the answer is no. If you are trying to buy from other sellers, it would depend on each sellers own policies. I hope this helps.
We can ship to Brazil. USPS is cheaper but very slow with no tracking or insurance. FedEx is much faster and with insurance, but is more expensive.
We do not ship to anywhere outside of the United States per FBA guidelines with Amazon.
No, he did not. Steve Rothery of Marillion use it in some of his solos.
Yeah, it's the E bow Plus...
Yes, the original Ebows had a more black in color plastic and the logo, depending upon age, was either painted in red or white.
It needs to be hooked up to an amplifier, usually a PA system, that drives loudspeakers.
I did a little research into the Boombox, and would say that it would not work. The Boombox doesn't have the input/outputs to use the microphone system.
I actually recieved a cord with mine, but it wasn't long enough and it all depends on where you position it plus distance? Is it right next to the mixer,etc. I recommend(Radio Shack)for a longer cord/jack! Good luck!
Don't buy these. They are terrible. And fakes.
It has worked pretty good for my church. It does the job for us.
It all depends on what inputs you have on the portable system. If you have a 1/4" input jack, you can use this microphone system.
I don't see any reason for them not to work....you are patching from the transmitter to the speaker or amplifier,,,,,,
Standard 9v
No
well, that's more like a question to your home audio receiver. The unit has an output, obviously. It's a 1/4 inch (like a guitar) output, mono. You need to know what type of input you have, if at all. If you have an "aux" input, it may be mini stereo (1/8 inch) or RCA. Either way, you'll need to go to a radio shack (or purchase here) a cable that is "1/4 inch to (insert your input here)". Then, yes, it works. There's also some receivers that have a "microphone input" in the front, with a little volume knob - in that case, all you need is a 1/4 inch to 1/4 inch cable, and you're set. Remember, when you work with two volumes, distortion may occur if you set them wrong. I would start with the unit at 30%, then raise the volume of the receiver. If you have to raise it too much (than usual, say, a CD) then raise the unit to 50%, and start again. IF the unit's signal get into the receiver too "hot", it will distort (that's the principle behind a guitar amp's distortion, but in your cause, it won't be a pretty/pleasant distortion)
Yes you will need a separate amp. No these do not connect directly to a computer.
sorry but I wish I could but we're already loosing $300 selling it for this low shipping is $23
Pair!
Yes you do need an amp
Sorry I took so long the email was in my junk folder. The numbers are on the back of the remote.
Yes my remote has the button on the back. However I have no idea what this button is for, sorry I couldn't help you.
I'm not sure because mine is a RS III
Yes it should. I bought the same one and it worked with my Clifford Matrix 3.5.
Yes it does sorry I didnt see your email but it is a pain to program I paid the auto stereo guy $20.00 to do mine...
I'm pretty sure the instructions came in the packaging. It's a matter of pushing the valet button a number of times for each button. I can't see where having multiple remotes would cause a problem.
I still had my instruction to my alarm and took it to the people who installed it and the synced it up.
yes it will
Well, I have fairly large fingers and they fit fine. But there is no need to worry as they can (and should) be bent to fit. Also note that like a lot of picks they should be fitted "slanted" so that they meet the string at right angles. I thought that buying these would be the answer as I expected to "feel" the string with my fingertip. That does not really happen in practice. I recommend the National picks over these because there is less "scraping" noise on the string.
I paid a single price for 3 picks. I don't remember what the price was but the price on Amazon now sounds about right. hope this helps.
Bass banjo? AWESOME :) Hmmm. .. they work well on a Pbass. I don't have a bass banjo to try 'em on. Fingerpicks are sorta to where you have to try 'em all. I have seen these picks on Zane King's fingers, and there's this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SvWr9rBawkw and https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7yOgTHWQAKI
I wear a medium pick and these fit me well. They are VERY stiff, I had to use plyers to help mold them to my fingers.
These are metal and will have that metallic sound, especially on wound strings. Try Alaska picks, they are plastic and are kind of like "finger nail extenders." I've pretty much given up with picks on nylon, I just use my fingertips and short nails, but I'm not going for "classical" tone.
I'd say "fingers only".
I got 3 in a pack.
Yes, these mics should do a pretty decent job.
any amp will do we use these with a p.a system a bass amp and a fender guitar amp. this set does not come with cords so buy the proper cords if you are planning on purchasing these. the proper cords are needed to use them in regular amps. standard mic cords will only work in p.a. audio system. standard cords are inexpensive while the others can cost a few dollars.
You have to buy a mic cable that has an XLR female connector on the end that plugs into the bottom of the mic and the other end has to be compatible with the type of jack on your amp. Some amps have a 1/4" jack and others have an XLR female jack. Find out what kind of jack is on your amp. You may have to use a mixer between the mic and amp also. That is determined by what type of amp it is. You may have to go to a music store to get some answers.
You can but will not have any sound. You need a amp and speakers.
Unfortunately no without a USB sound box which can accept dynamic microphone input.
they are not cordless they are wired no charging neccessary
As far as i know you can. But i recommend double checking with experts at stores like Guitar Center or Sweetwater. Are you intending to plug in directly to the speaker? I would think you'd be plugging the mic into the mixer.
Hii. So this mic like most mics. use an xlr cable.. and you can use with amplifier. You can also get an adaptor this xlr to quarter inch if need be too. Hope that helps.. but behringer mics work well and easy to use.. enjoy. Im happy with sound
freq. response is 80hz to 15 kHz. impedance is 600. sensitivity is -52dbw to 205mv/pa. for the price these are good mics for light duty. I bought these for my grandson to use with his p.a.system and d.j. set up. in that environment they are fine. they are well built and having the case is a nice extra. but they are not pro quality. I don't know how well they would hold up in a more professional use. but as they are they worth the price.
Yes, although if you want clearer sounds I recommend a Behringer mixer also. It will filter the sounds of the guitar, and the vocals will be crisp. Instead of just recording raw through the microphones, but for starters it would do the job.
I've never heard of this unit being used in a vehicle. It's for PA Management. You go Source &gt; DCX Inputs &gt; (Assign) Outputs &gt; (Each) Amplifier. So Low/Mid/High, you would have an Amplifier for each, and configure those specifically to the specifications of the drivers (You can find these data sheets when purchacing loudspeakers, or on the manufacturers website) As for car audio, it would be possibly however in my opnion EXTREMLY impracticle. You would need an electrical system that can support your load, inverter, then amplifiers and speakers. There are units specific to car audio systems. This is specific to venue, home, soundsystem, ect. However there may be a setup for car audio with a PA Management System, I just can't personally think of how. Hope this helps.
El equipo trabaja 110 Voltios
The LE version has only two inputs where the non-LE has the usual three inputs. The picture appears to be the non-LE model. I recommend the non-LE for the added flexibility but it costs $50 more per unit. I own three.
It depends on the seller you choose to purchase from. This is just a general item listing, then every seller will be different. You can see the item condition and the seller name to know if it's new, used, ect. The DCX2496LE is the newer model, and does have some differences.
Hi - I also have RCA inputs and found these Procab adapters that seem to be excellent quality and used with good quality cables have not made any noticeable difference. http://www.ebay.co.uk/itm/Procab-Classic-RCA-Female-to-XLR-Male-Adapter-/121002301872 They also make these which are excellent value. http://www.bax-shop.nl/xlr-rca/procab-cab701-2x-xlr-male-2x-rca-male-3.00-meter/product-details.html
It appears you already have a Behringer EQ and crossover, the only advantage of the DCX2496 might be the multiple inputs and outputs.
It's really only useful if you're going to do active equalization. i.e. if you're going to bi-amp your speakers. So, if you will have one amplifier for high frequencies and another one for lows, driving two separate speakers (not one input - two separate feeds into your speakers - 4 terminals)
racqwter draiving,obviously!
cardioid.
Yes, you can use as many as 24 sets together. Lapel microphone requires a belt-pack transmitter, both can be purchased separately from us. Please contact us toll free 866-524-8676 if you have any other questions.
Hell - I'll sell you my entire used system for $100. I have a different mic system now and never use this one.
If you are thinking while the guitar is in the bag to keep if from collecting dust, only if the bag is less than 3 inches thick. The measurement inside the bottom front bracket and back bracket the guitar leans on is just under 3 inches.
seems like it should. it holds my acoustic guitar.
There is plenty of room for a semi-hollow body electric, like a Gibson ES or a Rickenbacker for example, but probably not for something like a Taylor T3 hollow body electric.
The bridge and strings had to be replaced as they were useless. The pegs had to be refit to stay in tune. It cost over $100 to make useable.
The label in the fiddle indicates it was made in China.
Got mine in November and it says 2013
Sort of...I bought this for my 3 year old last year. His sister is 9 this year and she's about 4'8" (she's talk too) and she still plays them...but they look kind of small when she is sitting and playing. They are a really nice set though, much better than anything out there for the price. To even get close it was almost 2x the price! Hope that helps!
It comes with the kit. its a pretty good drum set .
I got this for my son when he was 4. He is almost 6 now. He plays these every day since day one and loves them. Its a perfect starter set. The quality is better then what I expected. You do have a lot to put together - I have never played drums and was able to do it no problem.
This set is an x-mas present for my daughter and is still in the box so I cannot answer. But I thought I saw somewhere that is was a 18" base drum? Sorry I am not more help
Yes it comes with 5 drums. You just have to follow the directions and the picture to put them together
I bought two of these last year ... one blue and one red. The red set was all red and so was the blue.
No problem however the case is positioned. This is probably the best humidifier for guitars. Very simple, neat and clean, and also balanced. The only possible down side is that the replacement packs are relatively expensive, given that they only last two months or so (maybe slightly longer under certain conditions).
I think this product is an excellent choice for a young guitar player - all they need to do is make sure they keep the humidipacks in the guitar case and soundhole, and periodically check that they are still flexible/squishy to the touch, otherwise it's time to replace them.
Hi there , actually you only want to use the humidipaks with an acoustic guitar . Electric guitars can can withhold against the elements better than an acoustic . If possible , you should still have a room for your instruments where you can monitor the humidity & maybe use a small vaporizer & a hergometer . Hope this helps :-)
It maintains the humidity in a certain range. There's not enough moisture in the Humidipaks to raise the relative humidity from say, 20% to 50% by themselves.
The humidipak just rests in the guitar case, not in the instrument itself so it should be ideal for your Ovavtion. I use this for a lute which has a rosette (no open sound hole) and it works great.
It is the newest version if it comes in brown wrappers; this packaging looks like the one I ordered, so yes, this is the newest version. I used them in my Taylor Dreadnought 110e, and they fit fine and came out very easily. They didn't last as long as the older version although we did have very low humidity in VA this winter.
Yes It will work in tropical climates though you mught have to change them more often. Yes they work very well for electric guitars. The guitars must be in their cases and kept closed when not in use.
I would guess you could. Just don't let it get too dry. It gets hard when it's dried out and may make it difficult to pull out.
Yes
Yes. It keeps your guitar between 45-55% relative humidity. I think it would be better than silica gel moisture reducers. But you must keep your guitar in its case (when not being played) for it to work. Good luck and good picking!
"Chord Pick Out"
I don't think the company exists anymore. I really wish they did because this is such a great tool for bassists with not that good of an ear.
I am pretty sure you are out of luck. The company seems to have gone under and at least my version of the software needs the internet to get fully authorized to run.
Yes. It has a piezoelectric pickup underneath the bridge (the dark wood piece near the bottom that the strings stretch over). I use mine with both regular amplifiers (e.g. marshal, fender) and headphone amps (e.g. vox amplug) and it SOUNDS GREAT. It sounds clean for country and acoustic songs, and it is powerful enough to drive amps for heavy metal sounds. The piezoelectric pickup is like many that are installed on fullsize acoustic guitars (that have a 1/4 jack for the guitar cable). If you do not plug the Traveler Ultralight into an amplifier, you can barely hear the strings. It sounds like "tink tink tink", it is like when an electric guitar is not plugged in, but the Ultralight's body is so dense that un-plugged it is much quieter than an un-plugged electric (e.g. tele, strat, or les paul). Traveler sells a "sister" model (Ultralight Electric) that looks almost identical, except it includes a "blade" electric guitar pickup between the bridge and the tuning keys. They also have another model ("Pro-Series") that includes both the piezo and blade pickups, but it has a removable wooden arm that includes knobs so you can adjust how much of each different pickup is heard. Go to their website, http://www.travelerguitar.com/ In the USA you can buy them at GuitarCenter stores. You can also buy them via Amazon. The basic Ultralight is $280-300, the "Electric" is appx $380, the "Pro" is $400. I LOVE mine. I can practice almost anywhere (even Not plugged in), I travel with it alot, I watch TV with my wife as I practice, I watch my son at his kung-foo class as I practice, I take it to bars and sit in the corner and practice to myself, I join jams with a minutes notice, I use at lunch at work... its great!
I practice with it all the time in Acoustic mode. It is very quiet compared to a normal Acoustic Guitar. In fact the other day I picked up a normal Acoustic and was blow away by how loud it was because I'm so used to this traveler guitar. But, I still love this guitar. I don't mind that it's quiet. It's great to practice when other people in house are sleeping. (not sure about jack for headsets, I never use it that way.)
Unfortunately, like most guitars under $1,000 .... good ole china. I think several years ago they were made in Washington state. That being said, for a $300 guitar, quality is very good. On my guitar the frets were "dressed" (i.e. they were filed close to the fretboard edges so they did not have sharp pieces cutting my palm or fingers (versus many &lt; $1000 guitars need their frets filed (on the side only) before they are played)). The tuners are 14:1, non-branded, and perform like a 14:1 Grover; the guitar stays in tune remarkably long. The solid maple neck/body is finished very well. The fingerboard looks like a rosewood and is smooth and feels good to my fingertips. After 4+ years there is no fade-thru of the fingerboard finish (hinting that it is true rosewood and not a stained whitewood).
I snap them on a regular basis (well the E string anyway). I have no trouble changing them and don't use any tool. I don't know what a "weight elixers" is.
Regular strings are good - a little shorter of course, to fit the neck, but they are fine.
It's my husband's guitar, but I will answer the best I can. He loves this guitar. The neck is a standard guitar size. He has never restrung it. He plays it plugged in and without plugging in. He plays it unplugged when people are in the room and doesn't want to be noisy. It has a very low volume without. He told me that he plays it in his truck at lunch time and when it touches the metal from his truck, it sounds like it's amplified. He said..."sounds crazy, but true. I still have not figured out how that happens."
Yes
Depends what you want it for. I bought a Roland MicroCube GX - an inexpensive 3W 5" speaker amp with lots of effects, runs off mains and batteries, is small and can be literally carried over one shoulder by a strap while the UltraLite is over the other. Not too ooud outside for busking or a party, great inside a room or small hall. There are lots out there but I'm happy with the Roland. Good luck.
Yes
Yes
For a steel guitar player, the High Tension classical strings would probably feel closer to what you are used to as high tension strings are pulled tighter to tune than medium and soft. The tension just describes how tight the strings are in relation to the tuned note. On high tension strings, your strings would feel tighter on any given note than medium or soft. But as you know, you can get various tensions on steel strings as well. If you are new to the classical guitar, you are going to have to drop the pick and just use your finger tips, but you will get used to this and will enjoy the more intimate relationship with your strings and the sounds they produce. Good luck! As to brand, D'Addarrio is as good as most and better than some. Just go with any major brand on sale until you develop a personal preference based on your own experience. When you change strings on a classical, get ready for a lot of retuning until the strings "set." It takes a few days of playing before your new strings stretch out, and even then, you must retune often. If you don't have your guitar yet, for a previous steel string, or electric guitar player, I would recommend an accoustic-electric classical guitar with a cut-away style. Best Regards, Johanan If you are going over to nylon (classical) guitar, however, I would recommend just using the "regular" or "medium" strings as they are the standard and are easy to get anywhere
It applies to the fatter higher strings (6,5,4) which are nylon core but wraps in silver threads.
Yes.
Yes,, but you as a beginner, will probably not see a huge difference. Practice and improved technique will produce clean barre chords. Keep practicing, and in a few weeks, you will see that instead of using a death grip that hurts your left hand, your left hand and index finger will learn to vary pressure and position depending on which strings are critical to a particular chord.
I would see not reason why not. However, depending on the setup of your guitar, that is how high the strings are from the frets, the low tension may, or may not, cause string buzz. If you install the low tension and get buzzing, simply put a small sliver of plastic, such as that which comes in bubble packaging, under the saddle and that should correct it.
It is neither a ball or a loop. You attach it by making a loop around the roller.
I have a 45 year old Martin d-28 I use the extra light strings EJ 15 3 Dbecause I like to fingerpickthey have a very good warm soundif your guitar is fairly new try the light gauge strings they sound very good too and you can buy 3 packs for under $15 at Amazon. D'Addario makes a good string and I find they last a long time. I highly recommend!
You didn't say if this is for Electric, Classical, or regular Acoustic guitar. This answer is for the acoustic. The short answer is to get wrapped silk strings. They take less pressure on the bass strings and are thus easier to play. That said, if your guitar doesn't sound good with those, you won't want to practice. I would get something light, like the D'Addario light string and build strength by practicing more often rather than longer at one time.
These strings are great. They are light, so easy to press. They also hold a tune really well and last a long time. My husband plays every day and changes strings every 6 weeks or so.
Those numbers refer to the diameter of the strings. Light strings are thinner than heavy. Each guitar responds differently and will sound different with different size strings.
Although it's possible to use 6-string guitar strings on a 12-string guitar, I don't recommend it. Most produce more pressure than the neck of a 12 string can handle, and can cause it to warp, or worse. You can try ultra light strings in a pinch... but it's best to play it safe and buy strings actually made for a 12-string guitar.
Hey there, nope these are uncoated strings. Your son may be looking for Elixir polywebs
Made in America.Each set of D'Addario strings has a a serial number/code and it specify that you can visit the company website to check if you suspect the strings are not authentic.It has further instruction for you to follow if it's not real.The company stated that it will replace it.Hope this helps.
I put these strings on my Kona Acoustic/Electric guitar and they work perfectly. I can't imagine that you would have any problem using them on your electric guitar.
I think Phosphor Bronze does.
Firstly, I'm assuming you know that strings are traditionally numbered from bottom to top, smallest to largest. Secondly, I don't know anybody that sells individual strings. Typically, even if they did, it would do no good, as the strings will not sound good unless they are all fresh and clean and very similar to each other. Believe me, you mix new and worn (stretched) strings together, you're likely to make dogs howl and people with good pitch perception cringe!
Sibelious is a good program. Try the free demo - download it: http://www.sibelius.com/cgi-bin/download/get.pl?com=sh&prod=sibdemo Hope this helps.
I want to know this too and can not find it anywhere!
Yes it works in Vista 64. There maybe a feature or two that doesn't, or I may be confusing it with a competing product I tried. You could always check out the trial version. http://www.acoustica.com/mixcraft/
The Roland CM-30 has a standard mic thread on the bottom - you can just screw it on a regular mic stand. I would make sure it is a sturdy mic stand with a tripod or large weighted base.
Definitely. Will work with aux or monitor send from any mixer that has those sends. Still using the monitor weekly and loving it.
You can mount this on a straight mic stand. Probably to heavy to raise up very high. I've put it up about waist high to use as a keyboard monitor on a small stage. The problem with using wired microphones is volume. It sounds great up to a point, and then distorts if it gets too loud. If you need volume much louder than a strong speaker or singer, this is probably not up to the job. My opinion, worth what you paid.
Not recomended, its to small, the speaker is 6.5. Unless you need a portable amplifier. It sounds really clean for its sice.
It has three channels. Channel one has a choice of and "XLR" three pin input, like most microphones use or a 1/4 inch "guitar" cable. The other two channels use 1/4 inch only inputs. Every keyboard I've ever seen has a 1/4 inch jack, so you'd just need a guitar cable. If I were going to Europe, I'd get a wall socket converter that could handle the wattage (32 watts), which is not very much. (Different countries use different systems, so be careful.) It requires about half the power of a 60w light bulb. Hope this helps.
It is made in China. I am very pleased with the sound and am using it with a Yamaha electronic piano and a microphone. It is compact, well built and not too heavy to easily transport.
This is not the kind of sound that you want for your harp. Unless you just want to get good loud mids. In the case of my piano, bass and high pitched notes were awfully distorted.
I purchased this amp for a Yamaha Keyboard and it works great for that purpose. My husband also used his vocal mic. with this amp at the same time. We play with a small group of seniors. Sorry I cannot be more helpful.
yes, but a small one. It is much more than an amp. useful for smaller settings. Lots of power for its size. Reasonable bass sound, but not full amp. It is very versatile and I use it when my wife does a small room performance and plugs in electric piano and microphone.
Absolutely not! It couldn't even handle a single piano keyboard. It's alright for mids but terrible for lows and distorted for highs.
This mixer make your voice better for karaoke, this have the red and white hole for sound. You connect your computer to this mixer, you may need the cable that have red and white hole, and from this mixer you connect to the amplifier with another red and white hole. That's you need to do.
Yes, use ARC cables left and right hook in output from DVD to audio input on the mixer then use two other cables connect from audio output on the mixer to DVD in or input on the back of receiver. I use Marantz receiver but any receiver has DVD in.
Plug in the mixer's "out" to the receiver via RCA and plug in your macbook via RCA to 3.5mm cable to the mixer.
I have the mixer obviously, I have not had any issue similar to what you are describing, perhaps trying the exact same mics and mic cords in another mixer, to field test them. If they work well on another mixer then it would be the voco pro. Sometimes it is not the mics it the cords. Just a thought
I do not know exactly why but there are some ideas that you already probably thought of...: . make sure you have the local levels on the mixer turned up when using the 1/4 inch jacks . ensure the XLR and microphone actually work by trying an amplifier that accept XLR directly...if you don't have access to one, you could probably get a music store (like a guitar center) to let you test your mic out. . some 1/4 inch jacks are MONO and some STEREO. maybe try a XLR&gt;1/4 inch adapter that is the oposite of what you are trying...again a music store should be willing to let you try because you might buy! . another weird test would be to plug the XLR&gt;1/4 inch adpater into a 1/4 inch &gt; mini adapter and plug that into you computer or other device that accepts that kind of microphone jack just to see if that works...(this is a real dumb idea...but worth a fry?) other that that, you would need to write the manufacturers of the mixer and the XLR&gt;1/4 inch adapters to try to figure out what the heck is going on??? Maybe someone else will read this and come up with an answer from actual experience...good luck!
Sorry I have not tried. I connected this mixer to the receiver Yamaha purchased 20 years ago and worked well.
Yes you can. As long as your TV have an audio output. You can mix the TV sound and mic together. Also you need a receiver or amplifier for you to be able to use it.
Yes it should not be an issue, I have done each plug with multiple wireless mics before.
Yes, the echo will give you the same sound effect as reverb. This mixer is great, you won't regret it.
Yes
Aloha From Hawaii! Yes, you are able to adjust the pitch from this unit. If you get this unit, you'll be happy! I know I was pleasantly surprised when I hooked it up! Enjoy!
It's just an amplifier however, coco pro does make an amp with built in cd player
If it hooks up same as mine, had to get banana plugs
It came as 3/8" diameter X 1/2" long shaft. Standard size, will fit pick guard or rear routed guitars. Will need some extra washers for pick guard mount, because they're so thin. If not, will stick out a bit.
Yes but I used the one that was already in my Bass so I don't remember what the size of the capacitor & it got misplaced. The pot works great.
I used it for a replacement speed dial on a mobility scooter which is not what it was designed for but I believe the measurement for the scooter is in linear units because the potentiometer worked. Hope this helped you.
The split shaft that the knob attaches to is just under 1/4 " the threaded part that goes into the pickguard with the nut that holds it onto the pick guard is 1/64th " smaller than 3/8 which means it would need a 3/8 hole in the pick guard to fit the pick guard.
I believe I saw that it was .022 uF
Yes, analog and linear. No problem using them as volume controls.
Press the "Bass Mute" button below the LCD display.
I found them kinda nice... if you go and fool around there is a way to get an almost organ sound from them.
Yes, as long as it's a basic on/off switch. An expression pedal will not work.
No. All patterns are saved to internal memory only. There is no way to backup your patterns except by recording audio copies of your patterns. I doubt it will ever crash. I've used it a lot and never had a single problem with it. It's extremely easy to make new patterns. If they were lost for some strange reason, I could very easily recreate them.
With the proper software you bet you can. I will say this if you dont like programming it and just want to play real time then it is way worth the money, everythng I do on is real time no quantizing and it sounds great, i use up to 6 digits at a time. Its a very cool unit. Go to youtube.com and punch in davedemile or davedemile1234, good luck
Yes! It has over 400 rhythms with room for 499 or so.. It has rock, hard rock, jazz, blues, Latin, Reggae and African beats. It is challenging to get the Bass to play in something other than E Maj. If you want to play in min keys, you need to write the bass part yourself. I find the rhythms a little busy, so I edit them and save them to another location. Building rhythms is easy and with the FAST write mode you can string the rythyms together to make songs. It has 99 spaces for songs. There is a limit to it's memory but I have not hit it yet. AGAIN playing in any Key but E Maj can be frustrating and time consuming. I haven't found a short cut yet, although I am sure there is one. The instruction manual is 99 pages long and not everything about it is intuitive. Take an hour and read the manual (you have to down load it). It will save you weeks of banging your head... I forgot to tell you that it has different qualities of rhythms. You can leave it were it is which is good, or you can make the sample time faster. Faster sample time means less memory. It also has a swing setting, so if you are doing jazz you can adjust the "swing".
If you haven't already done so try using the headphone line out to the amp. That should work.
I'm a rock musician so I focus on the rock beats. I would suggest going to their site and downloading the manual which lists all the beats / samples.
They sent you the wrong model, return it and get the right one.
Most definitely. The K3000FX will deliver a clear, clean sound that's ideal for gigging plus the K3000FX has internal effects.
I got mine from ebay. These instructions worked for me! My amp sounds even better with the new tweeter! It took like 10 to 15 minutes to fix. http://www.negatron.org/2010/12/07/replacing-a-blown-tweeter-in-a-behringer-b215a-powered-speaker/ One more thing. He used a oil filter wrench to take off the old tweeter since it was glued into the socket. However, I was able to use one of those rubber jar opener grip things to twist it off. Took some effort, but the grip was pretty good and it twisted right off very quickly....just an FYI. Hope this helps! Adam
20 7/8 x 23 1/2 x 16 inches the weight is 65.04 lbs.
You can check this page http://www.graphtech.com/products/brands/tusq/tusq-acoustic-saddles There you will find all saddle options each one with the corresponding specs.
Measure Length Width Height E to E inches 2.908" 0.101" 0.383" NA inches 2 29/32" 3/32" 3/8" NA millimeters 73.86mm 2.57mm 9.73mm
Where are you shipping the item? We do charge additional fees for Alaska and Hawaii, and any international shipping has an additional fee.
Yeah it will but you might have to do alittle sanding to bring the action down if its too high and just make sure if you do just sand from the bottom and keep it flat
They are asking if it would fit a franciscan model of guitar.
You will need to measure the width of you slot to see if it will fit , it will be either 1/8 or 3/16 wide .You will also have to sand the bottom of the saddle to achieve good string height.
It should do. It's a standard bridge saddle. But as you have a Martin, unless you're good on guitar technicals, I'd seek advice of a proper guitar luthier.
They seem more on the ivory side to me, a little off-white, but I do see how it could look kind of grey in the picture.
Hello, The safe answer is "I don't know". I bought this saddle to replace a worn one on a Recording King acoustic guitar. But as yours is an electro-acoustic it might not be suitable. I would check either direct with GraphTech or with a guitar luthier.
If the length is right, then yes. You may need to sand it down so it will fit in the slot and be at the right height.
I think it would be a good replacement saddle for that guitar. Intonation should be improved.
The EF341 comes with an uncompensated saddle (from what I've read - I don't own one) so I would stick with that. Despite what others have written I can't hear the difference between GraphTech and bone so I would try the GraphTech uncompensated saddle.
All of them. Low E and B are set to the back edge of the saddle, D, G and high E are at the front edge, and A is in the middle.
Your guitar has a &#8539;" saddle measure to make sure! Then the PQ-9280 graphtech saddle will work fine. You are goin to need some fine to medium grit sandpaper,follow the directions givin with graphtech saddle. Remember dont remove to much material but also do not force you should be able put it in place using just your hand.no hammers. Calipers are usefull here but not essential. KEEP YOUR OLD SADDLE AS A TEMPLATE. if your wanting to lower or higher action this is where you really need to pay close attention...as I have installed probly 1000 of them, you are goin to have to sand approx 2mm off each end then comes thickness sand until it slips in place without force then comes height only you know if the action was good and this is a crital spot for getting action perfect. Remember to use your old saddle as a template. Graphtech saddles are Great you will hear the differnce.
I can't answer that since I've never seen the guitar. All I can suggest is that you get out your ruler (or better yet, some calipers) and see if it matches the dimensions of your old bridge. Also, recall that saddles almost always need to be sanded to fit. Just make sure it's not too small to start with.
Sorry Richard... I bought my bridge after calling the company to verify that it was the right one but it didn't fit. Since it was a minor cash outlay I never went further. I would call them with you guitar including serial number and see what they have to say. Regards and good luck BGW
Don't go by brand or model. Use the dimensions on your old bridge, compare them to the new one, and count on sanding it to fit.
In the description it lists the dimensions as 1/8" thick, 2&7/8" long and 7/16" high, which is spot on with the one I bought. It fits a standard size acoustic bridge with minimal sanding.
There's no use trying to match model numbers of saddles and guitars. Neither manufacturers make an exhaustive list. Your only guide is a ruler, and count on doing some sanding to make it fit.
As with all saddles & nuts there will be some fitting with light sanding for the best results , call or contact them directly by e-mail talk @ customer service. They were Very helpful to me. Hope This Helps You.
It is a USB midi controller with built in sound.. Yes you can with the right software.. PS.. As a previous owner of the controller , I would not recommend buying this as it only works with certain software and the support is terrible. Choose a Numark controller which is the same price, better built and works with most software....
Better. No comparison. 3000 is a solid unit, hassle free. But that unit is old,there are other options in that price range now... check out the numark. Or see if you can find a used m audio xponent. Owned that one for years.... way superior to either.
Yes...with updated midi driver download from Behringer site
don't know, have not hasd the chance to to play it in W8 configurartion.But it works like a dream on W7. Good luck.
I'm not sure, but my guess is that the 3000 is better, but the 2000 might be more because they don't make it anymore, so it's more rare. Just a guess though.
It is only for steel string guitars.
It comes with instructions but if you are the least bit unsure about doing it yourself, hire a guitar-tech do it for you. I don't think that it's an expensive proposition.
I use it in my Martin custom d and it sounds awesome. Every pick up I have heard from K&K is great
No
It mounts inside the Guitar under the bridge and is one of the best sounding pickups available. You will have to drill out your end pin to accommodate the connector for the amp cord,or they have available a smaller adapter if you feel the need to pay for it.
I recently put this in my GS Mini after using Taylor's ES-Go up which was alright. My guitar tech suggested the K&K Wow, Much better tone and volume. And you still have that passive pu quality Good luck!
Yes. Plus the signal is so strong I use a preamp. But a preamp isn't necessary, just more convenient.
I don't know the answer to your question but have installed 2 Western K&K's and love them. I often run them straight into an amp without a preamp, not sure how they work without phantom power but they do. I notice the sound is a little more brittle without the preamp, but it's useable, I've gigged with it often that way. I'm not a techie, but I THINK that the pickup is hot enough to do what you want.
It does require it. The pickup literally just gives the best acoustic sound once plugged in
...yup...no issue....
The case fit my Taylor 114 with a little room to spare.
I bought mine to house a Seagull sws dreadnought and it fits beautifully. I think the Martin is very similar in size, however you can look up the specs on the Seagull to be sure. Good luck its a great case.
I house a Taylor grand auditorium size guitar in the case. There is a little "wiggle room" but overall the case is fine.
Hi, I dontknow. I bought to use with a taylor mini guitar.
Hi, i'm not 100% sure, but i have a takamine G series (GD93) and it fits fine. I also own an epiphone masterbuilt EF-500 and that's currently in there. If your acoustic is like any of those you should be ok i think. Hope that helps.
No
Yes, this case should fit just fine.
I bought this case for my husband's guitar, it is an Epiphone. I asked him if he thought that the Yamaha would fit and he said that the case will fit a standard size classical guitar. I hope this helps. I know that I was a little worried about butying this case only because I'm not a guitar person, but he loves it and it is perfect!!
In my experience, my jazzmaster won't fit. I think a jaguar would have the same problem.
Their website says they're manufactured in Orange Country, CA.
I am not really sure I would suggest contacting Guitar Center for exact measurements
It will fit a Gibson SG.
The design of this case allows you to fit almost anything. It fits my right hand ec 1000 with no problem, left hand will not make any difference.
It should, all guitars I tried fit with room to spare.
I don't really know. I have a Fender Strat in it now, if that helps any.
If you'll measure your guitar I'll be able to tell you, I'm not sure otherwise. It's a nice case for the price though, much better then we found in stores.
No
It should. The interior is NOT form fitting so it should fit most electric guitars, including Les Paul and Stratocaster body styled guitars.
i just tried it, and yes you can. it is a very sturdy stand.
No solid bodies only
I've had a Mexican Strat in it for a couple of years now and it seems fine. Very solid stand.
I see no reason why not. It has good weight and enough material covering the steel that there's no chance of scratching. I really like mine ..... great little stand - sturdy & well made @ a good price.
Hi i dont see why not, The speakers only need a signal. They do all the work from there.
Hi they have a built in amp and require power and a signal input to work
~51 lbs
General specifications MSR400 Speaker type Bi-Amp 2-way powered speaker Frequency response -10dB 50Hz-20kHz Nominal coverage H 90 V 40 Components LF 12" (30cm) cone HF 1.75" (4.4cm) voice coil compression driver Output power LF: 225W, HF: 75W Maximum output level (1m; on axis) 121dB SPL I/O connetcors XLR-3-31 type, XLR-3-32 type, Phone Processors EQ (Low: +/-3dB; 55Hz, High: +/-3dB; HF) Power consumption 110W Flying and mounting hardware 2x M8-17 Pole socket 1x 1-3/8 inch Dimensions W 406mm; 16in H 652mm; 25-5/8in D 351mm; 13-7/8in Net weight 23kg; 50.7lbs Accessories Owner's manual, AC power cord So the answer is 110. here is yamaha's site to look upi the Msr400 info....http://www.yamahaproaudio.com/global/en/products/speakers/msr400/features.jsp#1000827 I have the 100's and 250's - couldn't be happier - Mike
You can plug in your mic and there is a another jack/input too. (So I could plug in my mic and play the guitar/music through the unit) I just use it for listening to music. Bottom line is call a Yamaha dealer to verify the product will do want you want for your application. Great unit though. Durable and sounds great!
Yes, we do international shipping. Please call us for more details. Thank you. 323-730-5050 AVLGEAR
Yes, these can be suspended. Once purchased from ACMElectronics, please contact us at 760.639.7042 for specifics. Thank you.
I have the Msr100's and the MSR250's. The MSR400 weights 51 pounds. I know there are theaters that hang them for sound. I am sure it is feasible but it will require more research on your part. I would start by seeing who the Yamaha dealer is in your area and check with them. Are you also looking at the MSR800W subwoofer? Yamaha does sell a stand for both. I don't know what you are using the Yamaha products for. Good luck. You will be buying some great equipment.
Hi sure we can ship to you.
Hi Jason, We only can ship Yamaha products in the USA. Thanks! :) Shelly proaudiomartTM
Is that 42 length 15 body 5 fretboard? I'm more than happy to measure for you.
the inside of the bag has one 18"LX12"W rectangle area to fit the main part of the guitar, the neck area is 12"LX12"W (this includes a 2" raised area to fit the neck) and the top rectangle of the case is 8"LX12"W for a total of 38" long X 12" wide. Hope this helps when you measure your guitar.
Go to gatorcases.com where you will find the information that you are looking for.
no. this case is for strat and tele type guitars. a les paul is too thick and the case won't close.
Mine does, bout won't close completely because I have a Bigsby -
Not sure of your dimensions. The interior does have some contours, and it does fit our Ibanez RC 320 perfectly.
Probably not. They are too short for 22 fret guitars.
It seems to fit Strat/Tele size guitars, as well as PRS style guitars. It will NOT fit a Gibson Les Paul or ES style guitar
No, it doesn't.
It will leak if you immerse it but it keeps the rain out. I has an external zipper where the water could in. It is a good lightweight bag for carrying your guitar around. Not designed or shipping your guitar you need a heaver case for that.
No, all of they are made out of tonewood, which you can't get different colors out of that. But the wood change in darkness, after Time, but nothing to significant
Mexico
With its strap and a straightpick it weighs 1.075 kgs (2.4 lbs).
It takes only light strings, it may take extra light as well.
On one domestic flight I was fine; on another they insisted I "valet check" it. I did, but I wasn't thrilled. I'm sure it was stored somewhere that was way too cold. It is really too long for the standard carry-on dimensions. It's a shame because it is so narrow it takes up very little room in the overhead.
Maureen- It measures in at 12" x37". It don't see my it wouldn't fit in an overhead bin as long as alot of other stuff isn't packed on top. If I had a window seat, I'd put it along side the window panel during flight. Remeber the movie Airplane with the nun and the guitar? Lol!
It is easy to tune and a great guitar for a beginner. Like any guitar it needs to be taken care of, no guitar will stand up to abuse. Treated with care it is a guitar that can be passed down for generations.
I don't know the 44 dollar one -- is there a reference?
Yes, and it is very nice.
No.
I have a Mac with GarageBand 11 and I got it to work. Make sure you plug in the device BEFORE opening GarageBand. Then in GarageBand go to preferences and change the audio input to the correct USB. Also if you turn on Track Monitoring you can hear your guitar with all the effects coming from GarageBand as you play. Hope this helps!
No...the problem is Windows drivers and compatible systems..It may work on Toshiba or Sony but so far it doesn;t work well at all on HP and a few others mainly cause of the lack of real ASIO drivers...and without those the Quality of the sound will be your main problem....gl
The product worked great for me on Windows 8.1 and Ableton. Cheers, Rob
I never got mine to work... been in cupboard for over a year....
No it does not.
The device is merely a way to connect your instrument to your computer. If you can get it to work at all, it may work with your software. I recommend upgrading to a small stereo mixer - $50.00-60.00 range.
The device is intended to be used straight from the instrument into the UCG102, then directly into your computer. If you want to have your instrument sound coloured by your amp first, you could run the line out from your amplifier into the device, just make sure you're using your amps pre-amp stage output (not the power amp output!), otherwise you'll probably kill it. The UCG102 only uses 1/4" inputs, so I don't know why you'd need to use a DI.
Return it. Read all the 1 star reviews. This thing is a POS.
IDK I got when I haINXP the damned thing never worked with,But I see no reason why it should not I got mainly as platfrom to hook my guitar up to and play with applications I had on computer and online. Dasically this should work with any recording software you have .
This is mainly for recording. I have a laptop so I did not get a big sound when plugged in. You would be better off buying a small practice amp. I had an amp you could clip to a belt that was about $20 new.
For singing, I wouldn't recommend this for someone who would just be starting. If she knows her way around sound equipment and software then I'd definitely recommend this or something of equal quality for the price. The microphone itself can only interface the computer through the mixer and then the USB hookup. This provides better quality than some other microphones when configured properly, but it's also more sensitive and will require a stand, and pop filter, which are not included in the set. I spent no more than $150 on this and the other equipment I bought for the purpose of live-streaming on the internet. Overall I'm highly satisfied with the use and quality i've gotten out of behringer products, but for your purposes I'm unsure of wether this is the best option.
It's compatible for both 32 and 64 bit versions of 7. Not sure if it is for 8, but you can Google it to find out if this is compatible with 8. Since it's USB, it might, but with 8 fairly new, it may not be yet. Behringer has both 32 and 64 bit drivers on their site for everything including 7. Didn't see anything for 8 yet.
Sure you would need a Y adapter. Like Hosa YXF-119 Dual XLR Female to XLR Male Y Cable. They both would be coming in on the same input.
The mixer and USB converter are for line-level devices. Headphones work as they are very low power devices. Any speaker system plugged will need to be through an amplifier (either external or built into the speakers).
I think so. the recording is clear and with the right setup in the room it has minimal noise. I've recorded teasers from some of my books with it and they sound fine
There is only my mic port unless u can buy seperately a splitter of some sort
You are better buying the level up mixer. This one will allow it but not with 2 mike input.
The Behringer PODCASTUDIO USB is a tool primarily for recording, microphone is simple and basic, but if you want to rap, you might have to buy a better microphone separately. Otherwise it is useful
I wouldn't know, the software was missing and they won't respond to my emails to get the disk. So we have not used it.
If you plugged something into it direct to make beats, or used a program on your computer like Audacity and downloaded beats?
It's all analog.
No, the phantom power should come from your sound board through your microphone cable. It does not need a special cable. There is a phantom power button on analog sound boards and on digital boards it will usually have phantom power for each individual channel.
No, it only has one male XLR connection. I use a standard balanced microphone cable to take the output of the XLR Preamp to the input of my PA or Ultrasound amplifier. If it detects phantom power, it will use it rather than the 9v battery.
Yes! They'll fit just fine!
Yes we do. Here is the listing. Thanks for the inquiry. http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0007ORM0K
These are vintage modern tuners and fit inside standard closed tuner holes but if u have just the vintage small klusons ( u can tell by the small washer/insert on top of headstock,they just push in, no nut on top of peg to tighten) then u will have to reem out the peg hole. Never use a drill as u can easily crack the headstock. Kluson makes new tuners wich fit like closed tuners. They are more money but better than grovers. Check them out, they have 16:1 ratio and these grovers have 14:1 ratio. Some have 18:1 ratio. I had the new vintage kluson stock on my lpj but they had black keys, yuk. Well, they were a bit better than the these grovers i just put on. If i wld have known kluson makes these new vintage modern tuners with the green keys i wld have bought them instead. Hope i didnt confuse u. Buy the klusons over the grovers if u switch. They were not available back in the day. The small klusons with inserts are fine but u can have one or two get loose on you. If yr gibson stays in tune, keep it stock unless u cant live with them like me, cldnt stand the black keys on a gibson. They switched back to green this year on the lpj and sgj .
Yes. I bought these tuners. There are six in a pack. Also, I find it strange that anyone would sell LESS than six tuners for a guitar.
I haven't replaced tuners on a 90's Epiphone yet. The best advice I can offer is that these Grover's arrive in clam shell packaging. You can open the pack, remove one tuner, and try the fit. First, look at the back of the old tuner. Check the pattern of the mounting screws. They should be one per side, centered evenly. If this is different on your guitar, you'll know it has to be modified. Then you can place it back into the package and return it for a refund. I hope this helps. Please feel free to contact me with any other concerns.
They can be used for both acoustic and electric, but you still might have to ream the holes out pending on what size bushings you currently have in your guitar head...
cream color
Yes these are 3 right and 3 left. As far as that will it fit an SG special. If it is a Gibson then yes. They were a direct replacement on mine. If it is an Epiphone, probably but I can't say for sure.
6 tuners per package.
Yes. To be sure, check the dimensions of the stock tuners.
It does come with a small tripod stand but I would recommend a weighted stand as it's a but heavy and tips over easily
Silver mic comes with a small tripod stand. This stand is not stable and will fall over if the mic or table is bumped.
No. The only output is the USB.
I've never used the mic for chat, but it's quality for audio recording suggests to me it would be fine...especially for the price. I've not used it in videos, but based on my use in audio, it should be fine. Sorry couldn't be more definitive. I'd probably try it for those applications. Hope that helps a little.
I use Q-tips and compressed air dusters!
Technically you can't, but you might have issues with both trying to take over the same port, or the computer might read them as the same microphone. In theory I think you could with some tinkering. I've connected two microphones to my PC before but with two different microphones.
yes it does.
I'm not sure I understand your question but the microphone comes with a good quality USB cable a microphone stand and a bag mine also came with cakewalk software
No
Just glanced at mine...didn't measure it, but it's about 8 feet long.
No, It says That Its A Pair But they Only Sent Me One Speaker, And Then When I Tried To Get The Other One They Just Said There Weren't And In Stock And I Had To Return It And Reorder It But The Same Happened So I Just Returned The One Speaker And Got My Money back
It Is just one
This item is just 110 volts.
120
It is a pair.
This is a pair of speakers.
450 per channel (2 channels) or 900 as a mono amp. You will need Audio Cable XLR type connectors .
I'm running mine into two behringer vp1220's. My monitors. Lots of power and gr8 sound. I'd say yes, no worries.
I am using an older Carver pre-amp just because I had it.
This is not the type of amp to use for home audio, yes your speakers can handle the wattage, remember you want a lot of watts, not for noise but true solid sound at low output also. No your old sony receiver will not work as a preamp for this unit, it is a DJ style amp. Great to daisy chain, etc.. Honestly your best option is find a great condition Carver MXR2000 or MXR130 it will push cerwin xls215's towers to glass breakage!
Hello, Pricing is per pair!
The speakers are 25 W RMS, 100 W Peak here is a link to the spec sheet. http://www.behringer.com/assets/1C-BK_P0196_S_EN.pdf I hope that helps.
These speakers need an amplifier. These aren't really made to be computer speakers per se. They can work for that but you would need to get an audio amp which would connect to the audio output of your computer and then these speakers would hook up to the amplifier.
HxWxD of speaker in mm is 230x150x155 In Inches: H: 9-1/8" W: 6-7/8" D: 6-1/8" (distance from wall to front of speaker when mounted is 8-1/4")
the last time I had a Lee Oskar harps it was made in Japan.
Here is a video on bending notes http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=z0ExXObsD3w
although I have several Lee Osker harps they would NOT be my first choice but for a low end harp they are not bad but for a few dollars more I would much rather have the Seydel Session steel it has stainless steel reeds it will last a lot long and play well much longer before going flat or having a reed fail
Lee Oskar Harmonicas are made by Tombo in Japan.
Plastic
They come with a plastic case. Everything is good quality. Like them more than any other harps I've used.
Either would be a good choice for a beginner or an advanced player. Id get whichever one you could get the best price on.
If the melody maker is like the Hohner Golden Melody, they use a more exact tuning so they are good for first position "straight harp" styles where you play more melodies as opposed to riffing. This does not mean that you can not play them in second position (cross harp for blues and rock), but they are also very good for folk and country. Although the tuning is slightly different, I have not really noticed much difference in playing, though they seem to have a more clean sound but not much different.
You can hold it on your left hand or right hand. I saw Bob Dylon use a stand, he even do not use any of his hand. So, just feel comfortable.
Not sure my direct out works but the gain is so low on it...there is two buttons in the back for a gain boost but it doesnt work that well
I wouldn't suggest it. There is just not enough power output here to run 2 - 4 ohm cabs. You need a bigger amp that can run bridge mono at 2 ohms if daisy chained or has separate outs for each cab with a higher wattage output. Of course this also depends on what the power handling and needs of each cab is. If its a bass cab then I'm betting its power needs are much higher than this amp can deliver. Call us we can help. Pro Audio Land 877-671-2200
So far, I've had no issue running a Hartke 4x10 with a GK 1x15 bottom. Thumps nice! Only problem is, this set up seems to attract law enforcement (and I play in a COUNTRY band!!!)
Carl, the Gallien-Kruger cabs are pretty nice... GK 210MBE or 212MBE. Handles up to 400 watts and weighs under 30 lbs.
I have no problem pushing two Hartke 4x10 Transporter cabinets with it. I don't play real loud, but I play real "fat" or "thick", and have no problem at all.
Yes, you need an amp. I bought this for my grandson when he was about four. I bought an inexpensive amp at Guitar Center. It cost about 20 dollars and looked like a mini juke box. It worked well and still works. The microphone has held up, too. My grandson just turned 9. He and his young friends enjoyed the mike and amp very much and improvised pretend music with books such as a Richard Scary.
it adjusts and is used by my 9 year old (4 foot something) and can go as high for about a 5 7" person
I'm sorry -- I wish I could help you Ed. It is a typical size microphone -- easy to transport. The stand adjusts easily but as far as your question, I have no idea.
It does work, but our amp didn't last very long. It is very small and I probably wouldn't spend the money. Spend a little more and buy something nicer.
Just buy a 25 dollar amp and you won't be disappointed .
It depends on your keyboard. If it has a Mic in jack, then yes. This mic has a big plug so if your mic in is small, you need to buy the adapter.
We used this for a karaoke machine and didn't need an amp.
Nope! Just plug and play (well...sing, speak, etc.). This is a great item - easily transportable and dependable. I use it all the time.
You would need a 1/4" to mini jack adapter and the input on the cassette would need to be designed for microphone level input. If it is a line input (much larger signal) than this will not work.
Yes, it adjusts. Lowest at ~34".
It is 12 inches wide (that includes some plastic on either end) and the longest bar is 4". It is smaller than I anticipated, but has a fine sound.
Yes...nicely finished, resistant to removal. Mallet is stored on instrument...handy, but removal is bit delicate for small children.
Yes they are. But as it is a bit hard, it is not possible for a young child to do it. S.H.
No
Well it's not exactly a book. It comes with long piece of paper (printed on both sides) that tells how to hold the mallets and includes 10 songs. The notes are color coded to match the colors on the bars.
Yes
They are marked. We are really happy with the Glockenspiel.
There are no note markings on any of the keys. I am really rather disappointed in this. As I didn't the receipt before I discovered that the "song book" is really just a sheet of paper that would be pretty difficult for a child to easily use. (I am going to donate it to Toys for Tots @ Christmas.
Sorry, I don't know. I have not been able to check that. I gave it to my grandson and do not live close to him.
I gave it to my grandson so I can't check this. But it isn't really a "book." It is a sheet of paper with about seven songs at most. Twinkle Twinkle Little Star is one of them. I had read this in the reviews, so I wasn't expecting an actual book. The sound is good.
110 v
Yes HS50M, looking at the back of mine now for reference. Spectacular monitor built like a workhorse.
It's 187 each and yeah if you buy two they will work as left and right. Just remember to have a decent interface.
as you can, if you want one is ok, the better way is 2. and yes is an active monitor
Yes, it takes a line-level TRS or XLR in, and has a volume knob to control the amplification. No other amp is needed. These speakers can get relatively loud, and I've never heard them distort from being pushed too loud.
I am still very happy with these monitors. They are not sub-woofers, if that's what you are asking. I travel extensively, and I almost always take these with me on the road.
The HS5s is the newest model which has some improvement such as being able to handle better bass. This source has more information about these improvements http://www.frontendaudio.com/Yamaha-HS5-Studio-Monitor-p/9025.htm. I still love my HS50s but if the H5s were out at the time I got them I would have went with that. Hope that helps your decision.
depends on how you plan to use them, for studio use, i say sure., use your keyboard with them. However if you plan to them for regular listening or performing, i say no.
They are sold as one speaker, so you would need two for stereo.
If you want stereo speakers, buy some. As studio monitors, transient noise and harmonic distortion is minimized in part by their lack of driver covers "speaker grill"s. I do not see any connectors for covers. If you already have them I suggest you return them for a speaker that meets your taste or use nothing more than adhesive hook and loop to attach covers so as to not reduce their resale value by compromising their acoustical integrity.
Sold as a single monitor
Not sure. Check the specs on the product page, or at the Yamaha website. I can't easily get to the back of mine to check otherwise I would.
There is/was an HS80M (pair) item at Amazon I bought. If it doesn't say '(pair)', it is just one.
We use ours as our iMAc's speakers and they work great for everything. A bit overkill for just that purpose, but your music from iTunes will never sound better! :o) We love ours and use them daily for music, video and just for the computer's audio, and of course for recording and mixing which they excel at.
The HS8 is the newer of the two. Based on the reviews I've read the frequency reponse is slightly improved: HS8 38hz-30hz, HS80M 42hz-20hz.
That aaaaall depends on your production/genre of music. I don't need them making all sorts of Electronic Dance Music. But I've heard adding a sub makes the sonic range even sweeter in the lowest end. If I had the cash...m'yeah...I'd get the sub, but for now as an intermediate producer, I can happily do without. PS. I bought these instead of the HS50 or HS60 because indeed, those models were bass-poor and only designed for rock, organic jazz or symphony production.
Ah... Here is a link to illustrate what I am referring to :) http://www.amazon.com/Performance-Plus-Leather-Classical-Adjustable/dp/B00FKBV0TY/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&qid=1392401782&sr=8-2&keywords=guitar+strap+for+classical+guitar Thank you!
Yes, it is smaller. I think they call it a 3/4 size. It's appropriate for a kid to learn, but an adult can play also.
You can install the strings for a left-handed person. There's no pickguard, so that's not an issue.
Sorry, never used it since the guitar was purchased for starting lessons.
I do not believe that it does.
The model number is : class kit 1 34 na
Yes.
I got it for my son who is just beginning. It works great for that. The sound quality isn't the best but as long as your not looking for professional quality/level it is a great guitar. He has really enjoyed it. :)
I am not sure. My son is just a beginner but is right handed. I guess it could be played left handed but the strings would be upside down
The bottom 3 strings would be steel wound around a softer material. This is normal for classical guitar.
Do you know there are 3.volume settings?
I used it for running, so it's light weight was critical. It's not very loud though, so if you can handle a bit more weight, a metronome on a smart phone might work better. Most of those metronomes can make different sounds as well whereas this makes only 1 sound. That said, this device worked for my purpose!
DM50s is better quality.
If you have a tiny Phillips head screwdriver with a magnetic tip (like the ones that are used for eyeglass adjustments), you should not have a problem. There are 3 tiny phillip head screws that need to come out to remover the backing. Once the backing is removed, there is one more TINY Phillips head screw that "holds" the battery in. Once you have the right screwdriver, it can be changed within 3 minutes.
Female
No Cables Included
Yes , a major requirement, get the best phantom power to get the most detailed to most efficient sound, with the perfect tone and bass
By record, I assume you mean record the output. The Tonematch has plenty of OUTPUTS that can be routed to a recorder, so yes.
Supplies 48 Vdc, don't know if the +/ - 4Vdc apples, sorry
Congrats on your retirement Henry! Regarding the Bose Compact and Tone Match system, yes!!! I have this exact set up and used it for the same exact situation your talking about. It sounds fantastic, is simple to set up and has all the volume you need for a restaurant. The tone match has some nice onboard effects so customizing sounds is available. I would highly recommend this system and am sure you won't be disappointed. If you are you will be able to sell it since it's a popular brand. Best of luck!
Yes, it does have phantom power through the first 3 XLR ins at +48v. That has now been verified as the correct answer according to my owner's manual.
Most of the time I do my gigs with the L1 with ToneMatch about 8 ft behind me.. in cases of a bigger room where I need to play louder, I place the L1 with Tonematch at my side. I can turn it up louder and I hear it just as clear with no feedback.
The power cable and audio cable that connects to the L1 are the same cable. It's ONE cable. Yes, it comes in the box.
Www.bose.com is the only place that can replace the cover.. go in the support section..
You can always use a power converter (not just a plug adapter) like those found here on Amazon to convert the power, but my AC adapter that came with the Bose T1 included a special plug to change out for some foreign countries. I have used Conair "Travel Smart" Converters in England, for example, with much success with many different devices designed for use in the US.
Oh I'm so sorry I don't know about that. I just bought for my cousin in Thailand
Jean, Yes, you can- but you will need a type 'A' to type 'B' USB cable. The reason is: space is at a premium on the back of the tonematch, hence the smaller format connection, but that is also the port that you use to update the software and backup and reload tonematch settings.
I'm a good sheep, so I always use fog juice that says it's for ground foggers. Don't know if it really makes that much of a difference. I do use dry ice in the machine as it makes the fog colder so it stays lower longer. As far as cleaning it, you can just do an internet search for how to clean a fog machine. I'll be honest with you - I've never cleaned mine. At the end of Halloween, I just put it away with whatever juice is left in it, and when I take it out the next year and add some juice, it works just fine. If/when it becomes an issue, I will be doing that internet search myself.
Not much.... I still have almost a 1/2 gallon left from About 8 hours of use from last Holloween... The key ingredient is the ice.....I highly recommend Dry Ice.... You get the best effect and it lasts a lot longer than regular ice.
I believe it's 400 watts which makes it a lower performance machine. But it fills my two car garage just fine
You could however it should be a very big location. I ran The machine outside for 20 minutes and 5 fire engines showed up at my house. It is a very good fogger
Yes, both the Timer Control and Wireless Options are available on Amazon.com. Look for FunFog Timer or FunFog Wireless.
I.'ve given mine regular use on live gigs, even dropped it on the ground twice. After 2.5 - 3 years of service, this microphone still sounds great. These appear to be built very sturdy. I give this mic a regular work out. It's up to the task.
No. You have to buy an xlr cable separately.
No
Metal screen, metal body. They have a nice heft and feel very much like Shure SM57s in your hand.
No.. This is an XLR plug.. It plugs into a mixer or amp.. They make adapters but it won't sound good
Yes that's what is designed for..
You need to go through some kind of pre-amp. Even an inexpensive PA mixer will do.
Well, yes, you need a microphone cord that will connect to an amplifier or a p.a system, or you can use a powered p.a speaker.
This is a standard stage ready dynamic microphone, it is not appropriate for recording podcasts or vocals directly to a digital recorder unless some type of digital interface is used first. For that purpose at very affordable prices, I would recommend the MXL 990 USB condensor microphone or using something like the PreSonus AudioBox USB Recording Interface.
I don't know, but it built a pyramid in the back garden with its bare hands.
The tone is absolutely amazing, through headphones, into a digital recorder or into an amp. Incredible deal for the money. The only other pedals I use now are my wah wah and digital delay. JMT
No. There is not enough power output to drive a speaker. You might get some sound but it would sound terrible. You need an amplifier.
I don't believe so.
It works like the output of a mobile phone. If you can plug your speakers into a mobile phone and get the output to play through your speakers, then you can do the same with the Pocket Pod.
I can't see why this wouldn't work with any pedal, FX Loop, guitar, bass, microphone, stylophone, gramophone, mobile phone... basically any signal except for speaker. If you can physically plug something into it, I reckon the chances are it will process the signal. (But to repeat, I wouldn't plug a speaker output into it; that would be somewhat mad-scientisty, and could possibly ruin an amp.)
I'm not sure. I have used it though to record on my computer by plugging it into the line input. And By using the USB you can change/ tweak your sounds.
You mean like a pitch shifter? Don't think so.
I think the general rule is, you get what you pay for. With a POD 2.0 (I have one) you can switch between presets with a footswitch. To switch (on the fly so to speak) on the Pocket, you might need the USB plugged in. MAYBE you could trigger FX changes with a midi-usb track on your computer, I'm not sure. I only use it for one sound at a time, as a compliment to headphones. I wouldn't entertain using the Pocket live, unless using only one preset per song. In fact, the Pod 2.0 isn't the most flexible for live-work anyway, but you can work with it... That's another story. Anyway, I think the bottom line answer to your question is, they are certainly not interchangeable. (whoops just realised how ancient the question was!)
You certainly can play a bass through it. It doesn't really have any bass specific sounds included but there'd be no reason why you couldn't customize the preset sounds with your own.
The plug says 100-240v so you should be good
Check the mA power consumption of each of your pedals. The One Spot can provide 1700mA. If the total power consumption of all your pedals is below 1700mA then you can string as many together as you'd like.
My quick answer would be I don't know, but I can tell you I did.because I didn't want to leave them in and forget, and have them go bad.
I would think so. However, best to check the specs on your pedals to ensure they don't exceed the maximum volts/amps, specified for the One Spot.
Not entirely sure what the exact specs are on that. I'm running two pedals, and I do know my lead guitarist runs a few more than that with no overload issues.
I Just got a morley Steve vai little alligator volumen pedal and 1spot power supply, both work very well together
It will work on the Joyo pedals but I am not sure about the Digitech. As long as it is a 9 volt it will power it.
Short answer is yes. The web site indicates that it handles international voltages and the plug is stamped with 100-240.
I dont have it anymore .. but it was really long like not less than 2 meters .. and the distance between the connectors is 15 cms
There are listings that show a power adapter suitable. I do not have one, but it is avaiiable.
Yes, you can't stretch it & do not let heavy carts or vehicles drove over it. I've use mine for about 2 years. I recommend this cable. It also lays flat & rewraps nicely. Ray in AZ
I use it for all the mic cables in our church and have no problems. The cables get walked on and installed/removed on a weekly basis. I would recommend it for most applications.
It's works fine for an instrument. I just soldered the two connectors together to the tip of the quarter inch jack. For a speaker cable you should get a thicker gage.
I measured 3/16 inch, manufacture in produced description states 6 mm
What kind of connectors are you using? If it requires 6 cores you will be out of luck.
I'm guessing you're asking whether you can use mic cable to carry power for lighting systems. Mic cable is comprised of a shielded twisted pair of light-gauge, flexible wires, and is suitable for carrying low-voltage, low-power signals only, and isn't meant to carry house power.
Three.
The description says 21g which I'm assuming is 21 AWG. I just spoke with the vendor and they say the O.D. is 6mm.
not sure what you mean by "twisted pair" but unlike the other answer every run I made checked good with the cable meter and have had no trouble at all.
your mic or instrument 1/4" cable goes into the pedal, and the other 1/4" cable would go out of it into a channel of the mixer.
two separate channels, A and B.. Mono in A Mono out A, for Stereo, need two ins (A for 1, B for 1) then two outs.
If you mean standard 3.5 Jack like lost phones and devices use then no, but you can buy adapters for cheap
yes, good echo, reverb, phase shift, and chorus
Is just to plug the cable from your Guitar to your Amp (Or other effect if you have)
Not on a bass guitar, but I did have it wired up to a microphone (for my trombone). It handled the frequencies okay when it worked, but it only lasted a couple months before the switch became super noisy and then non-responsive.
First of all you remove the pedal itself (with the name and model), underneath there's a capacity which is a storage for the 9v battery.
Hum? Don't remember. It causes disappointment. Sold mine.....
You have to set this thru damper calibration. If you have a Global setting, you can find this setting .It will explain how to set the pedal up for sustain. Double check your plug in on back of keyboard. It should have a sustain jack.
No noise or click. Totally silent.
Hi Joe - Sorry, but I don't know what the specs are on it, but is does have a reverse polarity switch on it. I connected it to my Kronos 88 and it performs very nicely. It's quite heavy compared to the brand X models, which helps it stay put while your performing.
Korg sustain pedals are usually compatible with all of Korg products. However if I were you, I'd contact Korg or go to their website, identify your instrument and see what optional accessories it offers or suggests for that "specific" Korg instrument. That's what I would do cause if I followed someone else's advice and bought the wrong thing, well - that would be on ME. :-(
Sorry, I don't know.
I have short fat fingers and it's my favorite guitar to play. I had a takamine that I disliked immensely because of the narrow fretboard. The short fingers should not make a big difference. Good luck.
The "Seagull S6 Original" has a slightly larger nut width than your typical guitar "approximately 1/8 of an inch wider at the top of the neck near the tuners" which makes this guitar great for players with large hands and people that play finger style. However, many players just prefer this width. It's my opinion that since she is an accomplished piano player with excellent finger dexterity, this guitar will be a very good choice. Please keep in mind that this is a full size dreadnaught body so if she is small in physical size, ANY full size dread could be a problem. Take her to a music store and have her try ANY full size dread just for fit. If you can swing the few extra dollars, go for a Godin Seagull SWS Maritime guitar, http://seagullguitars.com/seagull_maritime_series.html No matter what guitar you go with, keep $40.00 set aside for a guitar action job "setup". Almost ALL new guitars straight off the show room floor have high string action. ALSO, since she should already know music theory, skip paying for guitar lessons and get her "Gibson's Learn and Master Guitar". She should tear through it. Amazon cost is $125 As for the build and material "quality" of the S6, you can't go wrong, she will grow with it for many years.
I am not left handed, but I know that the S6 is available for left handed people.
Hi, I can only tell you my experience with the S6 Original, I absolutely love it! I'm a beginner too, female, in my forties. I'm 5'7" and medium build, I would say I have average sized hands. This guitar sounds so amazing, it has such a rich beautiful tone, I never felt like it was too wide or big to comfortably play. Hope this helps.
Its a standard dreadnought body. The cases I use are the Guardian CG-020-D for a classic hard case, a Gator Molded Hardcase (Dreadnought). Alpine makes a nice gig bag that I used for years. Seagull makes one too.
There's no benefit to a shorter scale length versus longer. It can effect the intonation a bit but you'd have to have a pretty sharp ear to notice. The nut is a little wider than most. It's wider than a Martin D-28, arguably the dread that made dreadnoughts popular, but the only effect it has is a small fraction of an inch between the strings. Your long arms won't be affected by the way this guitar is built. I think it's great for rock. It's the best acoustic guitar for under $500.
1 and 3/4 inches at the first fret.
Mine is 24.84. According to their site they have switched to 25.5 so there is a disparagement in mine and what their official site claims. I read somewhere else they switched at some point so I may have an older model.
No. I purchased a gig case for it!
Is that a question or an assertion?
I would add extra padding on top and bottom, perhaps bubble wrap. I would assume other things would be stacked on this, assuming it lays flat.
Hi there, I wish I could help you more, but we have a Yamaha CP4 keyboard - which does fit perfectly. Let me go measure ours and I'll include the dimensions in this email.......It's 5"x 14"x52" I hope that helps! Bryan
I have an older model of Korg 88 key digital piano that has a huge cabinet, and it fits in the Gator 88 case with plenty of room to spare. So you shouldn't have any problems. There shouldn't be any keyboard that won't fit in this case.
It will fit, but it will have a LOT OF SPACE around the keyboard. The Casio is - W x D x H 52" x 11.3" x 5.4", so in my humble opinion you'd be better off with a smaller case like the Gator GK88SLIM Slim Line 88-Note Lightweight 54 x 15 x 6 Inches Keyboard Case on Wheels. Hope that helps.
this should help you figure it out: Interior Dimensions Interior Length: 57.50 " Interior Width: 18.00 " Interior Height: 6.00 " - See more at: http://www.gatorcases.com/p/111196-1442/gk-88#sthash.UoNVWhE3.dpuf
I'd check this on www.pianoworld.com I bought the Gator 88 Slimline. I called them and they said my Kawai MP7 would not fit this bag, but read (and saw photos of the keyboard IN the bag) on pianoworld a review of the bag and went for it. Perfect.
I don't know, but i do know that it is large enough for my Roland RD 700GX (which is longer, 56") and there is plenty of depth and width. The wheels are nice.....
Hi Byron!! It will easily fit into this case!! Thanks for asking!
Yes Fits nicely!
Don't think I can be too helpful. I purchased this case as a college graduation case for my son who has Yamaha DGX640. Don't have any idea (nor does he) whether or how this compares to your instrument.
Couldn't tell ya mine was as broken when I received it. Not due to shipping.
No... I had trouble getting one to work. I'd look for another mic.. It's a good wired mic but the wireless reciever for this mic is not good..
Yes this a pretty clear mic.
It connects where the microphone symbol are shown.
It still works always.
Not sure what brand they are but they work great. No noise just crystal clear audio.
This cable is used to go from a microphone to a mixer, audio interface, or speaker.
GLS Audio XLR female to XLR male is ideal for this connection.
Evelyn, It depends on what kind of output your amplifier has, and what kind of input your speaker has. These connections are XLR, which are NOT usual for most amp/speaker connections. I suggest you have a neighbor look at your amp/speaker arrangement before you buy. It will be an easy determination for someone with even modest experience. John McNeill. Springfield, South Dakota
No - the impedance of a microphone cable is higher than speaker cables, which are designed to carry higher voltage and current loads from the output of an audio amplifier. In addition, most speaker connections are not XLR, but usually 1/4" phone jacks or "speakon" connectors, which are usually found on higher end speakers. Of course if the right adapters are found for the speakers for this cable, one could conceivably use it. Unless the manufacturer specifies that a cable of this type is used for carrying low level or digital signals between speakers, however, there is a risk that equipment and/or the cable could be damaged when using a cable of this type to carry speaker level signals.
You can use this cable ONLY if your speaker is powered (has amplifier built-in to the speaker). A standard passive speaker will not work with this cable.
Yes. Phantom power can come through any balanced line cable. It does not take a special cable. It does require that your mixer be designed to provide this power.
Basically yes without the packaging...cheers :)
Yes
No
Unless the seller is specifically supplies the cable as a package you will need to get one as it does not come with the mic. It does include the mounting clip and a carrying pouch.
It is a D5.
Hello! The AKG D5S has an on/off switch, while the D5 does not. (So "S" = "switch".) Having recently used my D5S at a solo performance, I was very glad to have the on/off switch right in front of me! If you are considering either of these mics, I would suggest the S model for that very reason. By the way, this is one terrific microphone! I had always used Shure mics in the past but went with this AKG model after reading a lot of reviews. The sound is excellent.
The D5S has an on/off switch.
Hi Michael, I really love this mic! Last summer I performed with it at an outside venue and had no problems whatsoever with any ambient noise or feedback. I agree with one of your other responders in that a _hypercardioid_ microphone would your best bet, however, in a really noisy environment. The AKG D5S is a supercardiod model.
Yes. The purpose of this piece of hardware is to provide an output to a larger sound system. Depending on what software you use on your laptop, you can set this hardware as your main output to the sound system that everyone is dancing to, and then use the headphone jack on your laptop to cue up songs that you will be playing in the future. That is what I do on my laptop.
Hello Harrison, The Numark Mix Track II is a controller without a sound card. Its main purpose is to give you a physical control over the DJ software user interface (easier and quicker than pointing cursor and clicking mouse or trackpad buttons). The Numark DJ I/O is a sound card with two outputs. If you want to use these two together, the set up would be as following. Connect Mix Track II to computer to control DJ software (i.e. Virtual DJ). DJ I/O to computer then, DJ I/O to mixer, amp, or powered speakers = two outputs, one for each deck. If you really want to use a controller, I would recommend going with the Mix Track II Pro (with built-in sound card) or any other controller with a built-in sound card. It will simplify your setup. Hope that helped. Feel free to ask me any other question. Cheers and best of luck DJing.
When I bough it I had Windows 7, so I didn't not use it in Windows 8. It only last 7 month. I don't recommend it.
Yes. It works great with traktor. Just make sure you get the updated driver from from the native instruments website. It's a beta I think, and shows up as bit accurate in traktor audio setup.
Maybe, it depends what you're using now.
Do you mean the cables? No, it comes with the Unit (which has two sets of stereo RCA ports) and a USB Cable, but no RCA cables.
Hello, Shipping & Handling is usually 6-10 business days, worldwide.
I'm using it with Windows 7, can't speak for 8 or 8.1.
Yes you do
i was bougt james bond 1 set blu ray~ until now why still not coming?. in amazon i used express~ they tell it will come 28 september but it came to jakarta~ when come to my city tulungagung?.
I would not trust my guitar to this case if I had to check it, there is virtually no padding or structure. If you can take it with you into the airplane, then it's fine.
It's a soft case, so won't protect it from things that go "bump"! But the fabric is solid - so provides good coverage from anything the case may brush up against.
Yes, this bag is a like the traditional bags with the backpack style strap that are adjustable. Good buy for my Epiphone PRE-6E, perfect fit
Hey Stefano! The dimensions of the case are actually listed right under the Product Details on the page (Product Dimensions: 41 x 14 x 2 inches ; 1.4 pounds). Also, I believe it just fits any standard size acoustic guitar (which is what my guitar is and my guitar fits perfect in this case). I hope that helps! :)
Should fit easily, guy below says it fits his dreadnought, a FS700s is folk size.
Hi Robyn, I do not know much about guitars. I measured the inside of the case --hopefully, this will help you. length of case (top to bottom) = 41"; widest point = 15"; base only, up to where the neck starts = 21".
Yes it does.
I have an Epiphone PR-6E and it fit perfectly. I know the body of an Ovation is slightly bigger body but you shouldn't have any issues with it....
I have no idea. I'm not a guitar expert.
Everything to set up light itself comes in kit. But, mic. cable did not to daisy chain..
There is one long car cable that attaches the foot controller to the dimmer box. I believe that is it...Every light fixture just plugs into the dimmer pack.
Just plug in ready to go
Yes, but with one catch - If you have the snare and bass drum routed to the same input, you wont be able to hit them at the same time and have them both register. Perhaps if you paired up pads that would be less likely to be hit at the same time... but in my experience, playing drums really doesn't work like that...
every input is TRS it works fine with two zones triggers, in all the only imput mono is the hi hat pedal input, ofcourse you need TRS cables to use this options, if dont you can use both zones. i hope this comment helps you
This Trigger IO can't be used as a standalone. It needs either a computer with a trigger/sampling software or plugin, or a drum module of some sort. This device only takes the signal from the drum triggers and turns them into MIDI signal. Then this MIDI signal is sent either through a MIDI cable or USB cable to a receiving device (computer, drum module etc.) If you are trying to go straight from the bass drum to a PA (I'm guessing for a live performance) you have a couple options. One is to use a laptop or something similar to host your trigger software, then from there send out the live audio into your PA. I have done this with this box before and works great. Another is to get a different trigger box that also has drum samples built in. These, for the most part, are called drum modules. Same thing as the Trigger IO, but with drum sounds built in. I hope I clarified some things for you! Good luck!
Henry - The Trigger IO is just that - a trigger - you need a sound program - like EZ drummer loaded into a computer. You use the Alesis to trigger the sounds in the computer - you use the head phone jack from the computer as the input to your PA.. That's how it works - We are using that set up at our church and it works great - You have to remember - this is not like a Rolland drum module - there are no "on board" sounds..
As far as I know this is only a midi trigger unit. I have this between my drum triggers and Logic Pro. So it triggers whatever sample kit I have set up there. It's a great unit tho - really tough :)
Any soundcard with midi input (about of 99.9% of the soundcards in the market)... Moreover, you don't even need a soundcard with MIDI input, since you can purchase a MIDI to USB converter (extremely cheap piece of gear), and plug it directly to the USB-IN of your PC/notebook. If your soundcard doesn't have ASIO drivers, which is common (in mac the drivers are different), you download the ASIO4ALL drivers, which will work teaming with any soundcard at all, and are free, BTW.
It does affect the snare and symbols most. I bought them to be able to practice without disturbing neighbors. You can strike as hard as you normally play and experience an 80% reduction in volume. That said, you would never perform using the pads due to sound quality.
There's a single velcro disc about the size of a quarter. I left my pad in place continuously for six months and the adhesive on the drum head gave out. Now I use three office binder clips on the rim -- works fine. I'd say they cut the volume by half, maybe 2/3. It's just a dull thud that doesn't carry like resonating tom would. Everyone in the house will know when you play, but a couple rooms away with doors closed they'll be able to watch TV, etc.
No. I used it for another cymbal. Then used an extra circular pad by cutting a hole in the center and pushing it down over the top hi-hat. Also folded another extra pad in half and wedged it in between top and bottom hi-hats. I'm able to use the hi-hat pedal like this as well.
No just covers that sit on top of your Tom's and cymbal
No, these are just a pad for dampening the sounds of you drum kit, so you can practice muted.
The numbers are the sizes in inches...
I wouldn't call it assembly but I remove the wing nuts from the cymbal stand place the pad on then replace the wing nuts. This keeps them nicely in place. As for the other pads, just place and pound away!
No one else here to complain except the cats. I don't use headphones, so I just bring down the volume on the music and play along. With a TV on in the next room it shouldn't be a problem! Unless your pretty bad! Ha! Enjoy.....
standard hi-hat, 16" and 20". Honestly I don't use the cymbal mutes as much because it really takes the tone out but if you have to mute them it will definitely do the trick.
Actually, there must be something extraordinary taking place. I am using the clamp as you mentioned and it is a relatively tight fit without a lot of wobble. There is supposed to be a brass/bronze bushing in the hole in the clamp, if it is no there then it would be very wobbly. Hope this helps.
Buy the FL-2 mount from Heli... $28 on their site. I have used one for years. As with their mics it is well constructed. They have other solutions as well...http://www.heilsound.com/amateur/products/booms-and-hardwars/hardware
Yes
I don't think I quite understand your question but I will answer as best I can. From the mount to the elbow is 21.75 inches. (Outer dimensions) From the elbow to the mic mount is 20.0 inches Folded and fully closed as in the pic from the mount clamp horizontally out to the mic is 6.0 inches From the horizontal plane at the mount top up to the mic mount in the closed position is about 4.0 inches fully extended out is 38.5 but pointing to the sky. The problem with this mount for me is the hinge point at the mount is limited to maybe 80 degrees. The angle you see in the pic is the extent of its travel in the other direction. The center hinge to the mic part has more travel maybe 140 degrees. This was disappointing to me, as I wanted to mount the boom on a wall and pull it out and down into place when needed. I also wanted the boom and mic to go straight back and flat against the wall. So if you were to draw a vertical line straight up from the mount to the center hinge the mic can only get to about 18 inches from the wall. So though they call this an overhead boom it did not work for me, but would make a good desktop mounted boom.
Probably about 5 ft. If your interface is close by.
I have not noticed any movement using it with my sm7b, it seems to be quite a popular stand for this mic, due to the way the sm7b mounts.
I'm not exactly sure since the Blue Yeti already comes with a stand built for it? But I bought a regular handheld mic with a clip holder for it, and it fit the threads on the Heil perfectly. Check thread specs on Yeti to be sure! If it's the standard mic threading, then it should fit! I believe the Heil PL 2T comes with two thread adjustments! Double check to be sure. I would hate for you to buy it, and it doesn't fit your mic! The Heil ain't no cheap mic boom by a long shot!
I use a Heil PR 781 mike with proper cable and mike holder with a permeant base, thats what works for me.
it CLAMPS the rim of the desk or table. It does not screw in and puncture the wood, It does not just sit on the desk like a table lamp on a base, either.
You have to screw it to the lip of a desk or table. I have mine attached to a shelf with the screw. It works great. The moveable arm makes it necessary to attach it to a sold surface.
It should have the JRC4558D chip in it.
We can deliver in 3 business days. Thanks!
No. You just buy patch cords to put on your petal board or hook to other petals. Awesome petal though, I've had one for years.
I have had mine for a year without any problems. I am unsure about Ibanez's warranty on this item.
No. It can be modified to be true bypass. There are articles on who/how it's done by searching through Google.
I had both and I think TS-808 has more "organic" sound. I think TS9 is more "hard", crispy. I changed my TS9 by a Way Huge Green Rihno...
This is a link to the exact stylus needed I don't think the ION needle is what you need. http://www.lptunes.com/Stylus-for-Technics-SL-BD25U-SLBD25U-turntable-p/tstslbd025u.htm
Yup - worked great for me
Yes this needle slides into a slot. Very easy install. As far as how long a diamond needle lasts the average is about 600 hrs.
According to the data we have this needle should fit.
No. Just youtube it. It's simple.
It looks like you need this one for the IPT-01... http://www.ionaudio.com/products/details/CZ-800-10
That seems to be similar to mine...an Ion Profile Pro, so it should work...best to look at your old stylus and compare.
Yes, they work fine.
It's hard to tell, without looking at a picture of the stylus. I am not sure if they stylus holder (red part) will fit onto the turntable arm, they can all be a bit different, but the needle itself just inserts into a little hole in that part. I would guess that most needles would be interchangeable, because they are simply a resonance chamber.
It should. There is no special equipment that I know of needed to play remastered records. That is done in the production process.
I have this keyboard and use a Roland CM-30 Cube Monitor with it. The Cube monitor works extremely well and has a very clean and unfiltered sound (which was important for me since I play mostly classical piano). It's also great since it's actually a mini PA with 3 inputs and a preamp for use with mics and other instruments.
It comes with a pretty good sustain pedal, but no stand.
Yep!
Mine did not come with a stand.
Just use the Outputs...mono or stereo, with standard guitar/instrument cables... mono with one amp... left and right stereo with two separate amps or stereo mixer.
The it does. It has a transpose button.
I'd try google.
Yes you can. It takes the same strings as most guitars.
I've had one for over a year. It has been to bluegrass festivals, in the hot weather, stuff in the back of a car, and played a lot by a 7 yr old. No issue with the bridge. Very well built and nice sound to boot.
Steel Strings
Steel
Yes it is. I imagine it could be restrung to be a left handed guitar.
The Oscar Schmidt guitar is a Washburn product assembled in China. For the money it is an excellent sounding instrument and the craftmanship is superb. Pietro Pascale
Nylon
No
Inside the Guitar- there is a sticker and on it says made by Washburn in China.
The warranty is only on electrical and mechanical problems, and yes I've been having this guitar since 2013 of December and it sounds amazing and also feels great I would recommend it for sure
Mine is 39.5 inches
I believe this is a very good laminate top. It looks great and I can't find a seam between pieces, but it is slightly thicker that my solid top classical guitars both cedar and spruce. I've seen many acoustical electrics both steel string and nylon with laminated tops. If a guitar is well made, laminates sound very good. Even many high end guitars have laminated tops. Yes, the OC11CE also has a truss rod. The guitar sounds good. I started with high tension Augustine Blues, but I think the medium tension Augustine Reds are a better fit for this instrument sound wise.
This is a GREAT guitar for a beginner. When you say parlour size, I don't know what you mean. This guitar has a dreadnought body style. It is a smaller body. I'm a 5'4" female. Finding a guitar to fit me was a trial. This one fits me perfectly.
Yes, It does have a Pickguard.
Acoustic only, plays very good. The action is smooth.
If I recall, Clapton plays with high action (like SRV) so I will base my answer on that assumption. The Number therefore is 4. My Entourage has not be adjusted in any way from the factory though I have changed the strings to a lighter gauge. At present, the strings are at a distance of 3mm from the top of the 12th fret to the string itself. Compared to some older guitars I have owned, I would say this one has a pretty light action. Since it has a bolt-on neck, future adjustments to neck angle can be more easily made to compensate for the eventual "bellying" of the top. There is also some "meat" on the saddle so it could be lowered more if that were necessary.
No Accessories (for example:case or neck adjustment wrench) come with this guitar. This is a full sized acoustic guitar which means that it will totally fill up one overhead bin in an airplane (I am assuming a fabric "gig bag" will enclose the guitar for ease of carry) passenger cabin. Given the nature of air travel these days, securing that whole bin for oneself is probably unlikely. The flight crew may be able to find a place to put the guitar inside the passenger cabin for you but that is totally dependent on their cooperation, the particular aircraft and the number of passengers on the flight. If the guitar is relegated to the baggage compartment, the chances of it surviving the trip inside a gig bag intact are very small. If having a "carry on" instrument is important, than a "Travel Guitar" like a Little Martin or a Washburn may be a better choice. Yamaha makes a "Guitar-uke" which is a cross between a guitar and a ukulele that will fit in an overhead bin. In the past, I have traveled with a ukulele or a mandolin to have an instrument with me that did not take up a lot of room inside an airplane. If a full sized acoustic guitar is absolutely needed for the trip (as in, there is a paying gig on the other end of the trip) and the guitar would have to be in checked baggage, then an ATA rated hard shell flight case is the answer. These cases would much cost more than this guitar but that is well worth it if you play music for a living. If you play for fun, I would downsize the instrument to increase your chance of keeping it with you in the plane.
I purchased the Dreadnought Seagull case. It is the next best thing to a hardcase. I was very impressed with the quality....I love it.
Yes it does.
I have a recording studio in my home and have been playing and engineering music recordings for 30 years. I bought these as computer monitors in my office - but I sometimes use them to proof a mix. They are nice as an "alternative" to my studio monitors. In my studio I use Mackie HR-824's, Yamaha NS-10's and a pair of Klipsch Heresies to get different "looks" at a mix. The Control 1 has weak/non existent low bass response, so it's not useful as a primary studio monitor. I also find them to be less than flat through the mid-range. So a mix that sounds good on them, can sound "midgange heavy" when you listen to it in the car or any system with a nominally boosted midrange. So I would say, they are NOT very good if you are a serious audiophile or sound engineer and you want to use them as your sole or primary monitors. Where they are good is for mixing a nice punchy bass response(80-200hZ). As a result, I use them to mix drums and bass all the time. If those instruments sound good on these speakers, they will sound GREAT on a high fidelity system. Sometimes, when you mix drums and bass on small speakers, the mix ends up being really boomy and bass heavy once you have subwoofers and full frequency playback. Not so in this case. They have a very controlled bass response. Maybe that's why they are named "control"? So, if you want another set of speakers to check a mix, or if you are doing a lot of drum and bass music, they might be OK.
You can do this provided that your amplifier is designed to handle this type of input. Normal line level output is -10 dB for consumer electronics. The headphone output isn't designed to feed an amplifier directly, rather it is designed to feed high impedance headphones. If you want to do this the right way you need an interface between your computer and amplifier. There are devices manufactured for this very purpose: take headphone output from a phone, mp3 player or computer and convert this to line level to feed an amplifier. A prime example is: iBoost 800 Stereo Line Level Audio Amplifier Booster Amp for MP3, iPod, iPad, iPhone. There are a ton of these out there so have fun selecting the one that best suits you. Another way to accomplish this is with a USB sound card. You plug the interface into your USB port on your computer and from there you are provided line level outputs (as well as inputs) that you can use to feed your amplifier. I have even seen integrated amplifiers designed to take headphone inputs that you can drive your speakers. The sky is the limit, so have fun selecting just the right device.
Negative.... no hardware.
First of all, you need to know how far the speakers will be from the amplifier. Then, will the wires be inside your walls? These factors will determine what type and size (thickness) of wire you will need. Longer distances require thicker wire. Wire thickness is called 'gauge'. Bigger numbers, 22 gauge wire, is smaller than 12 gauge wire. Most people can get by with 16 gauge general speaker wire for an average sized room, but audiophiles and wires that need to be concealed behind walls will require wire that is pure copper or wire that has special insulation to protect it. Either way, the only requirement for proper sound reproduction is to make sure the wire you get connects the positive (+) and negative (-) terminals of your amplifier to the terminals of your speakers; positive to positive, negative to negative. Most speaker wires have one wire marked so you can connect amps and speakers in phase. Some wires have a colored stripe on the insulation on one wire and some wires are two different colors (one copper-colored, the other silver). Once you choose the wire, strip about 3/4" of insulation off, depress the terminal button (red or black) on the back of the speaker and insert the wire into the hole that is revealed. Releasing the button locks wire in. I know this is a lot of information but it will make sense when you actually do it.
Nope. I use these speakers on my patio. They really have a good base/lows so you don't need a subwoofer.
1 ohm would make little difference. They should work fine.
Not sure but they may break if the wall or ceiling is concrete. :)
No, you would need a separate amplifier. Your other option is to return the Control 1 speakers and get the C2PS Control 2P speakers instead.
Yes, the grills come with the speakers, and have the JBL Nameplate on the bottom as shown in the picture.
I use it in a ballet studio that is 30' x 40' and the sound is really good!
You can get that from the spec, "45 Hz - 40 kHz (-10 dB)". I use these for keyboard, mostly, and have not problems.
If you will order them from USA they will come with 110V support ONLY. I have bought converter 220v to 110v and thats it.
Hi Freddy, These are priced for 1 monitor. Not two. Thanks!
one monitor
I think those are the packed dimensions, the true dimensions kind of change depending on how you set it up. I don't have an exact measurement handy but set up it's at least 3' tall. Sorry I don't have something more specific but it's certainly not 24" tall.
Yes it is. Your left pedal is going to need something to stick to like carpet.
This item does not include a music stand regularly.
Nope, I recommend Axis pedals though.
A volume pedal is usually one that you insert in line with your AUDIO signal to allow volume changes. Those have two jacks so you can put them into the signal path. An Expression pedal usally means that it has a single 1/4 plug on the end which is meant to go into the 'control voltage' jack of a keyboard (as opposed to a sustain pedal plug attached which goes into the jack of the keyboard or controller). That will allow you to control more than just volume depending how your keyboard allows you to assign that jack. But the point is - you need a 'control' input for this pedal.
Yes!!!It nicely brings the volume of the keyboard up and down, so you just worry about playing. Hope it helps
To be honest, I cannot tell for sure. However it works perfectly with Yahama and I can't see the reason why it shouldn't work with other keyboards. I remember buying a sustain pedal that didn't match my Roland keyboard and worked in reverse. Well - there's a switch at the bottom that fixed it. I'm very happy with this pedal, gigged with it for a while and I have no issues with it. The thing is though, that it is uncomfortable to use as designed when you play standing up. So I just rotated it 180deg and press with my toes to silence it, and with my heel to make it louder. A little counterintuitive at first, but after 20min it became my second nature. It's much more comfy this way
YES
Hard to say, but I would opt for a standard volume pedal instead.
I'm pretty sure that any Yamaha keyboard with a 1/4" CC input will accept this pedal.
Almost certainly. I use one of these with both a Yamaha and a Nord and it works great for both. In general, keyboard control pedals are pretty universal. Sustain pedals vary in default polarity, but generally not control pedals. And even for sustain pedals, keyboards are designed these days to detect the default polarity.
YES you can use it for a guitar if you have the right multi effects pedal. I just bought a Zoom G3 and it works all the expression pedal effects not just the volume. I've used it with the Zoom G1, G1N and the A2 pedals and it always worked. Just plug it into the Control In input jack.
Depends on what keyboard it is plugged into, mostly used for volume
It's a volume pedal. No
I just set mine up and it works fine. I use the USB connection and you need to click the input monitor in the lower toolbar so you can hear it. If that button is not lit up you won't hear it. You don't have to record it. My computer has speakers attached. I have Windows XP.
Yes, you can do that. The software included with the turntable records the music from your vinyls into mp3 files. The mp3 files can then be burned to CD's. They should have just put it into basic terms.
Which program are you using? I use Audacity, and here's how I separate the tracks: 1) Bring the cursor to the point where I want the next track to start. 2) Hold shift and press the end key. This will highlight everything after where I want the track to start. 3) Select Edit from the top menu, then select Split.
I'm not sure exactly what you're trying to do; Ebay doesn't allow you to actually upload files. If you're trying to sell the actual record on Ebay, then you need to create an ebay account (obviously), and go through their "Sell" menus to create an auction for the record. You'll probably want to take a picture of the album cover to post with the auction so people can see what you're selling. If you're trying to sell copies of the Vinyl in MP3 form or on CDs, then this device would help you. You can use the software to record the record to your computer and make the MP3s, then burn those to CD. Then, follow the instructions above to create an auction to sell these MP3s or homemade CDs. (To be honest, though, unless the record is extremely rare then I don't think people would buy this option)
I tried to extend it with another 6 foot cord added on and it was fuzzy, then I replaced it with a 12 foot cord and the driver would not even read the cord.
I you have no transfer plans then do not waste your $ on a useless USB port. Invest in an old school basic turntable that delivers fidelity with low noise and an affordable cartridge.
i am unfamiliar with Anti-skate, but can vouch for the fact that i haven't had any problem of the tonearm skating across my more wobbly vinyls. Maybe the tonearm is set heavy at the factory ? i haven't fiddled around with it.
Did you attach ground wire to good ground copper pipe
Leonard, I gifted the Audio Technica turntable to a friend, thus, I cannot specifically answer your question with any authority. However, I have read that "purists" swear by a virgin vinyl recording played through an excellent turntable (into a very high quality amplifier with top signal-to-noise specs), as having superior dynamic range - as compared to a digital rendition of the same musical selection. To my untrained ears, the digital rendition, captured at the right sample and bit rate, will ALWAYS sound superior to any analog playback. This is simply due to things like wow, flutter, low frequency rumble, and other such artifacting that is unique to the analog playback process using a turntable. Then there is always the ever-present noise that can often be introduced in (both vacuum tube and solid state) preamps and routine audio frequency amplifier signal processing. Just my humble opinion, but I could be wrong!
My manual has separate sections for PC and Mac. It would be easy to miss the Mac instructions -- 4 pages in the middle of a 23-page booklet, with all the rest devoted to PC -- but those pages covered everything in Mac-only detail. I bought mine a while ago, and the booklet (and the supplied Audacity program) are out of date. I can't tell you whether an updated manual and program are now included. I can tell you that I updated Audacity on line, for free, and that the settings are in different places than they were in the original version. Similarly, the Mac OS X preferences that you have to set look different than in my copy of the manual.
i can confirm that these headphones make noise
Saxophone.
This Headphones are Over Ear Headphones. Honestly: They ARE VERY VERY comfortable BUT: 1. They can sometimes get "daunting" if you are not accustomed to wearing over-ear headphones. When I'm at my pc listening to music/playing games/watching movies/etc I have to sometimes take them off for 3-4 minutes to give my head a "rest"
Yes both DJ equipment and all ipods and iphones there are two jacks one for each the DJ one just screws off ... only problem you might encounter is you may need to take you case off for it to plug in because of the the thickness of the cable once it is in. It is very snug and secure though. They are the best headphones out there but you will probably need to remove your case if you plan on listening to them solely on your ipod or smartphone.
I have an iPhone 5S Otterbox Defender case and the headphone jack for the Audio-Technica ATH-M50 does not fit with the case. I'm not sure how different or similar the iPhone 5S Otterbox is with the iPhone 5 Otterbox but I assume they are similar. So I would guess that the headphone jack would not fit in the iPhone 5 Otterbox either. I hope this helps.
Difference is another word for subtraction. On an unrelated note, the ATH-M50 has a coiled cord, while the -M50S has a straight cord.
Since he won't be using it for studio. It would be quite troublesome to get the coiled cable. So for him I would recommend the straight cable.
Absolutely. The only thing to concider is buying a few replacement earcups, because mine have started to crack.
No built in Mic. These are strictly studio monitors.
They do not incorporate any of the the active noise-cancelling technology that you may see in other headsets, but they do offer quite a bit of isolation due to the closed back design.
Well really all I have for it is just an $8 pop filter and I hook it up to the mini mic stand Some people buy a filter that fits around the mic which is only like $3 but Im not sure if its better quality or worse This is what I have and it works just fine http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00ACFAULC/ref=s9_qpp_gw_p267_d1_i3?pf_rd_m=ATVPDKIKX0DER&pf_rd_s=center-2&pf_rd_r=1CK7WDNWDW5Q8X6P4JBH&pf_rd_t=101&pf_rd_p=1688200382&pf_rd_i=507846
Approximately 8.5 feet.
Yes It Is
This is only a mic. It plugs by USB into your computer and how you record and play back is up to the software you decide to use. If you are wanting to use it as a PA type mic, I don't think it would work frtha unless you have a speaker that has a USB plug or a interface that would support that...
Yes It Does
As far as I can tell it's just cosmetic. I have the black model and a friend uses the silver, can not tell any difference in performance.
Yes, it works very well
Yes you can use it to talk to people on Skype among other services.
Yes. I had no problems using the mic with Windows 7.
Maybe for about 10 minutes. I strongly suggest getting another product other than this.
No it doesn't come with a strap but the guitar is awesome for the price.
Cedar.
I measured mine. The action (or string height) on my Ami at the 12 fret is: approximately 3mm for the treble E string (that's standard classical height), and approximately 4.5mm for the bass E string (maybe 0.5 mm higher than standard classical height). Great projection and no buzzes anywhere, using phosphor bronze lightweight strings -- straight out of the box with no custom setup. Perfect for me. If you want to lower the action, you can sand down the bottom of the bridge saddle (the action is already quite low at the nut). Your local guitar shop can do that for you. It's not expensive.
I just looked inside mine for you. I think that it's a bolt-on neck. From the inside it looks like a bolt-on neck with a manufacturer's label covering the bolt on the neck block. From the outside it also looks like a like a bolt-on neck with a glued fingerboard (there is no lacquer on the seems of the outer neck joint).
the body length is listed as 18.5 inches. the case I bought for mine is 42 inches total length. http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001QOGLW0/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o06_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1 I have guitars that cost a lot more than this one but, the Ami is the one I mostly reach for.
IT LOOKS LIKE THE PICTURE... IT IS LIGHT
Nut width of 1.72"
Parlor
Steel strings- solid top, bottom and sides. Beautiful guitar.
Hello, no though this could be restring and set-up as a lefty if needed, Thanks from 8thstreet Music ~
You need a cable with a 3.5mm stereo male plug at one end and two RCA male plugs at the other. The 3.5mm plug goes into the laptop's headphone jack. The RCA plugs will plug directly into the amplifier. Amazon sells this cable. By the way, the Yamaha is a great amp.
Of Course, rca cables, 3.5mm to rca. 3.5mm to the laptop/cd players, rrca ends red and white to the right and left inputs!
You can't. The biggest drawback otherwise it's a great mixer.
I get pretty good reverb for the voice. I am not sure what echo voice is. I use this unit for my karaoke and I am using Reverb Hall number 1 located in the effects area. Sorry that I can not be more helpful.
You should be able to, call yamaha and ask them for sure, or visit http://www.americanmusical.com/content--name-Contact-Us That is where I bought my yamaha equipment from, call them to find out for sure
I use the main or monitor output on the front of the mixer
No
Yes you can hook up any mp3 player and it sounds awesome! Great Amp!
The back port is an amp that powers the speaker, the front port is just a signal to send to another amp or powered speaker.
I've used 1&2 A/B line speaker output for 4 8&#8486; 0hms speaker 100 watts per channel and for the monitor output I have the portable YAMAHA stage pas 300
It explains it in the manual, but essentially you have to get a MIDI to USB converter and plug the MIDI in and out into the DD65 and the USB into your computer where you are running your DAW.
I wondered that myself. The only difference I saw was the the MM offered the foot pedals and drum sticks.
Its a headphone/output jack. I've put this into a PA system and played with it in a jam session. It holds up fine, but don't expect multiple outputs for each trigger. If you run it through a VST like BFD or something, then you can control each trigger and do eq on them.
I do not know as this was a gifted to another. Sorry.
We have 17 of these in stock at the current time
Hi, no it doesn't come with a stand. However, a standard snare drum stand fits the DD-65, so you should be able to pick one up pretty cheap... Cheers.
It doesn't come with an adapter. That has to be bought separately or just run it on batteries.
Yes, I can.
Snare stand works. There are three little notches underneath the unit where the snare stand latches into. I think I bought a Pearl stand for about $70. It's very solid, but any stand will work.
I do not understand what you are asking here.
The EF1000 relies on a different remote circuitry than the cheaper EF400 or any other cheap 400 watt fogger. Those you can buy the universal remote available at Party City. The EF1000's only option is the Chauvet, Eliminator or American Dj wired TIMER remote that has Interval, Duration, Timer, Continuous and Manual settings. You have to make sure the end of the remote has the 3 prong plug, some have the round type. Regardless they have the same circuitry and work with all 800 watt and up foggers.
No
Actually, I don't know. I can tell you that I used this 1 time for Halloween, cleaned unit as directions stated and stored until the next Halloween. I could not get the fogger to work. I recleaned it, but it just would not work. Having said that, I would not suggest you purchase this unit for any use.
Yeah it works great. I use it with my dj
I use mine outside every year. I would not recommend it being left out in the rain however as the water would get directly to the motor.
I bought a timer listed on amazon as Timer remote for Snowflake Machine. It works well but I am not sure if there is a specific one sold by the company that they recommend.
2-5 minutes
Yes
It depends on what works for your violin. I had a new set of Dominant strings, but before I put them on my violin, I bought a Juan Qin violin that had D'addario strings on that work so well that I hesitate to use the Dominant strings on it. If you are not getting the sound that you want, you might think about buying a different violin (I went through several violins before I found in the Juan Qin violin the sound that I like). .
Yes
Yes
Mine did come in the original package
I don't think so, but check the website. http://www.thomastik-infeld.com/
No, I think it sings more than the dominant E.
We can ship to Canada. The listing on Amazon will be charging standard internationl first class postal rate. This fee is auto with the listing done by stamps .com. To see the rates, order a unit, put it in the cart and go to check out. Just get to the last step to see rates. If the are too much for the items, go back and empty your cart. Look for our listings, we sell out very quickly at these low prices. Thank you for asking.
All of these have the ball end. I was not really happy with these strings. I really like the D'Addario Helocore 4/4 Violin Strings I now use better and they are less expensive. I also ordered some Pirastro Chromcor strings that I am getting ready to try.
I bought the PSP520 to have unlimited power during our onstage orchestra performances which can be 4-6 hours long including rehearsals. My recorder [Tascam Dr100MKii], has a rechargeable Li-on battery [USB only to charge] and 2 AA batteries but that would still not be enough for our group except for short term recordings the Li-on is adequate.
I don't know as I returned this immediately--did not fit the DR7 it was advertised with. got 515 instead to work with the dr 7
It says that it is, but I don't know for sure. Anyways, I like the size of it. I enjoy the quality of the sound recording from the machine. The only thing I have against it, it is too complicated. I wish it was a little simpler to operate. I took me over two weeks to read the manual and try to figure out how to get it to work. I nearly gave up on it. I am still trying to understand the different tracks and how to switch from one to the other. So if anyone out there that would like to help me simplify the instructions, I would certainly appreciate it.
This power supply is not compatible with the dp-32, I don't see a power supply listed for the dp-32. http://tascam.com/store/power_supplies/
I really have no idea. This was bought as a dedicated supply for a D-008, per mfr recommendation. They'd probably be your best source for this info.
Yes, According to the LR-10 manual (page 43)
I'm not sure. Go to the Tascam website and download the owner's manual for the DR-40. The owner's manual should show what AC adapter works with it. If it's the same then you will have your answer. If it's different, then go to Amazon to shop for it. Good luck!
According to the operating manual that comes with the DR-100mkII it does.
I purchased the PSP520 as that was recommended for my Tascam DR100mkII. I needed the power for the recorder as our orchestra can be on stage for 4 hrs, the batteries may not have lasted that long, so I am to be well prepared. I was not concerned with size nor if it was quieter, perhaps you can do a Google search for what you require.
You've got it right--there's no way other than the phones/lineout jack. I've played recordings through my sound systems' aux input fine so I haven't found it to be a problem.
I believe that has to do with the H2's recording mode. By default it is set to 44.1 kHz/16 bit, but the standard for audio used in video editing is 48 kHz. This could account for the syncing issues mentioned. Of course it could also depend on the editing software's capture process and clip length; I ran into a similar problem when editing a 45-minute clip, where the audio seemed to gradually drift out of sync from the video, though both were captured on one camcorder, and I had to remove like 3 frames on the video track to get it back together.
You can use a card reader to copy the file to the computer. I suggest you copy first to the desktop, and then import into Garageband.
This might be of help to you, a lot of good advice about using the H2 http://www.2090.org/zoom/bbs/viewtopic.php?t=9745 notice that they say the AGC is just a digital adjustment so they recommend leaving it turned off since you could simply choose to AGC it when eidting on your computer later (whereas if you AGC with the H2 you don't have the option of undoing it later) As for software, Audacity is free and has a 5 star rating from Cnet http://download.cnet.com/Audacity/3000-2170_4-10058117.html?tag=mncol
Download a free copy of Audacity on the internet (use Google, for example, to find it), and you can edit from this software by playing with it. Audacity has both PC and Mac versions. If you have iTunes, you can convert your edited song from a WAV file to an mp3 file from there and add a name or title for the song. Download to your iPod and show it off for your friends to hear! Have fun!
My SD card plastic door broke as well :( I phoned zoom in the UK , went to repairs and got a replacement for 4.99 inc postage, bit pricey for a bit of plastic that was poorly designed in the first place but now it is like new, Also got a spare foam windshield for 9.99 as I lost the other one (think someone mistook it for rubbish on a short film shoot I was on grrr!) Here are the contact details for Zoom UK taken from the zoom site http://www.zoom.co.jp/english/contact/03.php (best to phone as when I checked zoomcorp.co.uk is just a holding page), hope this helps fellow H2 owners Zoom UK Tel: (44) 1462-791100 Fax: (44) 1462-791117 E-mail: info@zoomcorp.co.uk / enquiries@zoomcorp.co.uk
It is perfect! You can adjust the sensitivity of midrofone and, being in a quiet place or with less noise as possible, the audio is great for podcasts.
I use a phone tap from Radio Shack and olug it into the LINE IN input jack. You will only get one channel, but for my purposes, transcribing, it works fine.
It's worth a try, because the machine tries to load the firmware at startup. If the firmware has become corrupted, then it would make sense that the display could have issues. I suggest trying it, along with following the steps that are outlined in the manual for firmware update. You might have to follow them blindly, but it's not hard. See here: http://www.zoom.co.jp/english/download/software/h2.php Better to at least try it, rather than live with a paper weight.
i saw the hi1 in a rolling stone ad(priced at $99.bucks.It does'nt say when it'scomming out(gear waiting in line).Iam looking for something to record my bands pratice at home,is the hi more for concerts and video?
Can't see any reason why not with some blu tak is very light
The Crown Sound Grabber II PZM has a mini plug. It is a omnidirectional design that would work well as a group mic!
No; this microphone uses a 1/8" (3.5mm) mono plug.
Here's a question I've answered in the past.
I haven't seen these particular cables, but I do have some low end ones I bought 10-15 years back that had name brand high quality ends and were good cables. My best guess is that these are their low-end import/economy cables that are mentioned on the CBI site. Probably, non-brand name connectors, a very basic cable/jacket with a spiral shield. I found this on a CBI Professional Wiring Systems PDF: ML2: CBI 24 Gauge Balanced Wire - Very Flexible - Made in USA CBI Nickel XLR's - Hand Soldered in our NY Production Facility Cable Colors: Blk, Red, Blu, Pur, Yel, and Grn 15 16.50 A Trouble Free, Basic Microphone Cable From our CB2 Line of Quality Import Cables Economical / Promotional Cable MLC-20ft Note: It states in one place it is a USA made cable and in another that it is an imported cable. I like and use their products, I would stay away from the low end stuff from just about anyone. These would make good, inexpensive, short term, back-up cables if one of your good ones failed; I wouldn't use these in front of an audience that I was getting paid to entertain......for very long............ That is my professional opinion. Hope this helps.
I use then every week and have no problems with them
This size is the only one we have. If you're looking for a CBI LowZ XLR cable, the following has different size options:
Hi, No I am sorry but these are only available in black. Thanks, New World Pro Audio 877-802-0416
Not sure if my issue was a 1 off scenario but the cable had too much noise from now on I will not skimp on a quality cable but that's just me
Yes
Yes. It comes with a male and a female XLR connector.
No, this only for the dj sound board or from mixer to microphone.
You will need mic cables to connect the mic to a amp.
You can use a Compressor pedal, Boost pedal, or Distortion pedal in front of the Spider Jam going into the guitar input even though it has it's own distortion channels. When I use a distortion pedal in the guitar input I always make sure no matter which channel I use that it's set in a way that it's clean so that all or most of the distortion is coming from my pedal and not the Spider Jam. You can also do the same thing going into the Aux input which has it's own independent EQ, Compressor, Reverb, and Delay settings. This makes this combo amp very versatile. I also use the HD 500 Pedal in front of this amp and it sounds great. I've been playing "Bad to the Bone" by George Thorogood and I get the tone I need from this amp, it's awesome, IMO. You don't have to use presets and I strongly suggest you play around with these devices and create your own patches. Oh and BTW there are no silly questions when it comes to sound processing equipment, ask a lot of questions that's what I do. Use the internet and search for your questions you may be surprised that you find good information. Line 6 has a Forum that you can join and ask questions to people that use their devices.
Yes I will.
Hi, yes because you have a separate input for the mic and also volume control for it. As with all line 6 stuff it sounds very good, you have to pay attention if you are using highly distorted models on the guitar because (as in 'real life' you can get a bit of hiss - just use the noise gate) hope that helps. No issues with the mic, depending on what else you are doing it has its own menus and settings, some of which are preset and some are very tweakable, if you sound bad it'll be your voice, not the amp ;0)
Yes, there are Direct/Recording RCA jacks on the back of the amplifier for outputing to a DAW.
Comes with a manual. There are several videos on YouTube for demo.
The artist presets are simply that - presets. There are backing tracks in another section of the amp, full backing tracks of songs plus drum beats.
It has a headphone out so I suppose you could send it to a PA. The signal out is low so it will need to be amplified for sure. I do believe its stereo there. It also has RCA stereo out in the back that also could be run into an amplified speaker such as a PA's.
Speaker needs same ratings or it might damage unit or speaker . 4 ohm 8 ohm or 16 ohm and wattage ratings need to be within ratings for both , polarity also should be checked
None that I know of, any good dynamic microphone will work.
it clips on to strap just fine... the cord is long enough to prevent any banging but........ I wouldn't recommend buying this. I bought one some time ago and it is so noisy and feedback a lot I just gave up on it. I tried it a hand full of times on my church system. NO GOOD
I know I use mine through my PA system also, I do not know about the stereo unless there is a port which will take it.
Each is an individual channel.
the range is 20mts. i think is perfect in the church
I used it with a pedal a bought here on Amazon, and it worked great, you need to know the signal is great when you are close to the receiver, even tho I used it about 25 foots away and it worked fine, but to avoid bad signal use it near the receiver. You will need another music plug cable to connect this device to the pedal, it'll be like and extra plug, since the device comes with one plug that for example in my case I used it to plug the device and my guitar.
it goes in the wireless unit. it slides open, insert the 9 volt and enjoy. I get about a week of playing 1-3 hrs per day. If I remember to turn the power pack off.
Works fine for Bass
http://www.newworldproaudio.com/Nady-IC-U2-Wireless-Guitar-Cable_p_1212.html# YOU CAN FIND IT THERE..
i would have nooo idea. I use it for a bass guitar and gospel music.
The dimensions are 10 inches wide and roughly 11 inches long.
That would be a question to pose to Fender. I'm not able to answer the question. I do know that there is only one mic jack.
Just the amp, you will have to get your instrument separate. This is a good amp for the money.
you could if you had a convert cable from rca jacks to 1/4 inch. but it might not sound all that well as this is designed to amplify a passive signal and usually cd players and some recievers have at least a bit of voltage, this will cause quite a bit of distortion. try another amp like a behringer gm 108 , or a fender rumble 15 watt. i have both of those and each has inputs for pre amplified sources. i hope that helped
Electric gutar
Hi! I don't know what kind of Jack the Squier MIni Guitar uses. My Dad uses an electric bass with a standard 1/4 inch diameter Jack. This is NOT a loud Amplifier. In fact, if it were used outdoors, maybe it would not be loud enough. I hope this is some help. Ask me anything, if you want to know more. (I don't know if we still have the manual, since I bought it 4 or 5 years ago)
If you order from us, Socaldailydeals, we would always provide you options to change. Contact us via Amazon messages and we can further assist you.
Yes you can
Mine was the bright pink. I wondered the same thing when I bought it.
Right Hand when delivered.
Yes I would say go smaller because my daughter is really tall for her age (about the height of a twelve year old and it's the perfect size for her.
To small for a 14 year old.
Yes, it is too big for a kid with 4 years old. I bought it the Crescent with coffee color and I am a adult, fits ok for adult and I m sure also for teens but not for kids. There are in the market other models specifically for kids. Good luck and outstanding idea to bring this experience to your little one.
These are for replacement
Yes, it's made of wood.
No
Yes, you can use for home stereo. It works like a BBE Sonic Maximizer will enhance the sound and make it better, it likes a boost for high's and low's (almost like an equalizer) depending on how you adjust the knobs. You have to use RCA to PHONO or to XLR cables since it does not have RCA jacks. Use it between your players/pre-amp L/R before to amplifier. For the price, I would recommend you to buy it. If you have more budget, you can get something more expensive like BBE... but then.. this is good enough to make a different. I have this for over 3 years and it still working like new, never had any problems.
Hi, I am not sure what you are asking. You don't plug your phone to sound card (PC) do you? But you can plug your phone or out put from your PC to this then to your amp. It is not as good as BBE, but it costs half the price and the sound is good enough, you don't want your music to sound too "artificial". I think this works like an EQ with some compressions and expansions effects. It is very easy to use, you don't need a manual to learn to use it, For the price, it worth every pennies. I have it for over 3 years and it is still just like new.
J.A. The Behringer Sonic Exciter SX3040 didn't make a difference in my opinion so I stuck with the equalizer
Does it. Depends on model choiced. Europe, Australia and exportation model does work in 220v.
You would want to run the sound through this device before the amp. What I do is I have my mixer's left and right sent to input 1 and 2 and then send the outputs directly to the amp. Some people likely use the 2 processors as sends from their mixers, but I wanted to process the whole output instead of just one member of the band.
The result is definitely different than an EQ. The bass channel is more like an overdrive that doesn't clip (hard to describe it's not distortion) and the high-end is this subtle octave harmonizer. I was very impressed with the inprovement on early 90's gangsta rap that sounds muddy. We use it for our live electronic band to make our sound less muddy and it's really be a big help. I'm not sure it would make a different on the latest music releases though.
hi don'tknow
i don'tknow
I would use the berhringer SX3040 chan's A-B out's to your Alux. return left & right. Then use a RCA two male to one female mono splitter for the input from the berhinger unit, out of the send output from the mixer. Now if you like all in stereo then use the monitor left & right out from the mixer instead, but note you'll have to use the monitor valume control knob for sending signal to the Berhringer SX3040 unit. Good luck hope this works for you!
Don't know. Didn't have previous model. I'm happy with it. Sounds pretty good too me. I'm not a professional. Didn't even know what it was supposed to do when I bought it. I like it.
Absolutely! Either on one shoulder like if you're just going out to the car, or on both like a backpack. There's a photo of the back here: http://static.music123.com/derivates/18/001/306/318/DV016_Jpg_Large_541318.001_black_back.jpg
Measured mine. It is approx: 45x19x7.
Not sure, my son has it, but his full size Yahama acoustic guitar fits fine. Great bag for the price! Hope that helps.
yes I have it with a 12 str. wasburn
I bought an epiphone d 100 and it fits nice. I think it's 3/4 acoustic. You can look up exact dimensions and compare. I thought it an awesome bag for the price. I think I paid around 35. For a soft bag it's nice
Measured mine. It is approx: 45x19x7. So it should fit yours.
Yes, this is an excellent case and has large storage pockets, the upper front pocket can easily carry a my FullTone pedal, charger and misc items. The larger pockets are all excellent with quality zippers & stitching. By far the best soft case I own. Good luck.
if the SG is about the same length (or less) as a Fender Strat or Tele it should work fine. It's a roomy bag.
I think I may have hot-glued a strip of vinyl down there...whoops, just remembered, the zipper goes all the way across the bottom of the bag and I had a mishap when the zipper gave way and my gtr fell out of the bottom of the bag. Luckily it didn't suffer any horrific consequences. I ended up hot-glueing the zipper inside and out along the bottom. It'll never happen again! But, despite this pretty serious shortcoming, I do like the basic design and features of the bag more than most gig bags I've had. They just should NOT run the zipper along the bottom, it's useless to do that anyway. Hope this helps...
I got this last year for my son's fender squier stratocaster. It's way thicker than his Musicians Friend bag. The zipper pocket on the front adds even more protection than the already thick padding from the bag. Plus, it's great for storing picks, a cable, etc. You will NOT be disappointed!
Yes.
Nope. It's thick, and rain drops would not get in easily, but leave it out in rain and it will get wet, and humidity will sink in. With that said, this bag does not feel cheap. It has a nice thick, firm feel. Worth the money, IMO.
electric only
roughly 8 1/2 inch's across/width(without stretching at all) and 2 1/2 inch's deep and good padding. I use it for a strat but sometimes with a Charvele which has a huge tilted head and it fits no prob.
I don't have the case anymore, but it fit both strats and teles faairly snugly; there was a tiny bit of extra room in the case for a thin strap or something once the guitar was in there
No, it's not.
If you plan to transition to a real acoustic piano, I would go with something with weighted keys, something like Casio's Privia PX-130. Otherwise, I imagine you will become very frustrated.
The Yamaha L3C stand will use the mounting holes built in to the NP-30: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000YID5OG/ref=cm_cr_asin_lnk
There isn't a direct way to do so. As built, the NP-30 has the internal speakers dedicated to playing only its internal sounds. You could modify it to add a 1/8 inch phone jack or whatever. I've modified mine (after the warranty period was up, of course) to add a switch to allow me to continue to drive the internal speakers while a 1/4 inch phone plug is plugged into the Phones/Output jack. That way, I can connect the Phones/Output to my bass amp while the treble plays through the speakers. Good luck!
I'm not sure how MIDI and the Internet connect. I use the MIDI In connector to connect my KX8 MIDI controller (fully weighted 88-key) to use the NP30 as a sound generator. Using the MIDI Out connector would allow you to use the NP30's keyboard as a MIDI controller for another MIDI device such as a sound module, but I haven't tried this. You could connect the MIDI Out to a MIDI-to-USB converter and connect the USB from it to your computer, but I don't know how you could connect the NP30 to the Internet. Sorry.
my np30 is a couple hundred miles from here in storage, but I've only ever known sus pedals to be 1/4 - good luck!
Humoresque by A. Dvorak
if it's for tap delay pulse, it doesn't. if it's for holding a loop it might. the Hosa has latching buttons. I know it doesn't work with a Tap Delay Pedal since you need rhythm pulsing, with a loop I deduce one stomp would start recording and another stomp would end it (whereas with a unlatching pedal, you'd have to hold it depressed while the loop is recorded and let go to cut it off) Either way you can buy theses switches and turn it into an unlatching footswitch: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B006M4ZGOI/ref=oh_details_o02_s00_i00?ie=UTF8&psc=1
Im pretty sure it can. I know you can change it to a momentary switch with a little soldering. I was disapointed when I got mine and realized it wouldn't work with the amp head I own. Gave it to my bass player and he uses it for his looper but its basically useless for us. Ill probably have one for sale soon haha
No it does not. I bought this cable which is pretty standard http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000068NYH/ref=oh_details_o09_s00_i00?ie=UTF8&psc=1
I use mine with a Vox AC15C2. Worked just fine. The only thing I don't like about it is that it doesn't have any lights on it to tell whether the effect is on or not.
You just need one TRS 1/4" cable. It has two male connections on one side and one male connection on the other
No battery/power required. It's a passive device.
Hello. The Hosa Dual-Channel switch won't accomplish that. It is designed for changing channels on an amplifier. What you are looking for is called and A-B-Y switcher which Amazon and music stores carry. I use one myself that is made by Morley and it works very well. I hope that helps!
do not know if it will work with line 6 amp. It worked on a peavey but did not work on a roland cube 30. There are people on ebay who make foot switches for specific amps for reasonable price. This is your safest cheap route. The company I favored had a 'foot with toes' logo. good luck!
It should. Make sure you get a cable with TRS plugs. I use mine with a Vox AC15C1 for the reverb and the tremolo.
Hi. This foot switch is only 5.25" x 4.25".
It is easily straightened by clamping one end in a vise and twisting 3-4 twists per inch with pliers or vise-grips while pulling it straight.
Yup, its a little bit on the heavy side but I use it for all my planes that only need short pushrods. FT Bloody Wonder, FT 3D etc.
Mines weighing 3.8oz and ive used a few feet, so I'd imagine you'd be correct with your calculation of 4oz. Hope this helps.
Its rigid wire. I don't know if it would hold up on a rc plane though.
I'm not a mechanical engineer, but based on the specifications given in the description, I would say it depends. According to the description: Tensile strength - 303-333 ksi (min. - max.) Tensile Strength Max 335000 PSI Outside Diameter 0.051 inches So, the two tensile strengths are in slight disagreement. If you go with the lower value for safety, then it supports 303ksi (which I'm assuming means kilopounds/square inch). With a diameter of .051 inches, that works out to a cross section of: pi * diameter = 3.14 * .051 = .16 square inches Assuming tensile strength scales linearly with the cross section (it probably doesn't), then the total amount the wire should be able to support before failing is roughly: .016 square inches * 303 kilopounds/square inch = 48 kilopounds Which is far more than necessary to support 500lbs. The "depends" part comes from the fact that I'm not an engineer, and don't fully understand the forces at work. Be careful, and don't use it for anything safety-critical unless you get a real engineer to evaluate it!
No, it is about as big around as the lead in a number two pencil
Yes. It must certainly can. I have kept my application clean and dry and have had no issues. I will apply a light coat of oil if I need to store for any length of time in the garage or shed.
This wire can be used for a Single note on some pianos. You have to measure the diameter of the wire and compare them. The lower notes have additional wire wrapped around them and this wire will not work unless you happen to have the means to perform the wrapping.
I am guessing that it is a trade secret. However, it is high carbon steel and can be tempered, like a fish hook. We use it in picture framing for holding 3-d objects in place in shadowbox framing. We use polyolefin heat shrink tubing over the exposed ends so as to not damage the object being framed.
This is a very bendable wire, but strong.
I would look somewhere else if you want the classic tube sound. This unit sounds better with guitar and has a mild effect really.
The 911 just has a simple tone control, vs. the 3-band controls on the Monster...
I've found it's just a matter of getting the levels of both pedals just right. I run a Tubescreamer into the VT999 and don't have any problems, BUT there's a very fine line in getting the levels balanced out right. I'd get those levels tweaked in and add a drop of nail polish on the knobs and pedal so you always know where they should be.
Light will flash until tube warms up.
Yes
You might have already found out by now 2weeks later, but it does come with a 9V power supply. It does not run on batteries. I own one. Previous replies are incorrect...
The input. The effects loop usually has some pre amplification, often by op amp, which can water down the tube sound. Its certainly possible to put it in the loop, but you may push the VTM a little harder than they are designed to be, which can (under certain conditions) shorten life span.
Sorry no knots for a strap. Classical guitars don't have them, they are designed to be held different than a regular acoustic guitar.
About 39 inches long and 15 inches wide (at widest part of instrument); also 4 inches in depth.
They are the same, classical accoustic is a classical guitar. They have nylon and wire wrapped nylon strings as opposed to steel and metal wrapped steel stings. The classical is quieter. Some consider it easier to play. However the action, the distance of the strings to the fret surface, and the string tension are more important for ease of play. Some think the width of the fret board/neck is important. But a person can get used to both in relatively short time.
That sounds like a personal question sir! However, I will give you the benefit of the doubt. The nut on this guitar is, in all likelihood, genuine imitation plastic. Not having rubbed it against my teeth I can only surmise, but I believe it to be a safe bet.
This is a right handed guitar.
Dear Khanh T. Le, Thank you for your question. The country in which these guitars are made, is typically Indonesia. If you have any questions or concerns, please feel free to contact us. Southwest Strings
Yamaha makes an HCCG hard case for classical guitars. Best, Andy's Music
I don't know. Buy it fits very well in my short fingers. Its a nice guitar with low price, envolvent sound, that holds the tune.My Friends that play it love it. I play brazilian bossa nova, samba, rock and others music styles using this Guitar m lbut i,m fhtBut this Guitar have low Price with nice sound works very well. I play bossa nova, salv, the tune, has a good r
Classical. Didn't measure the neck width, but it's about as wide as it should be for a classical guitar; leaves plenty of room between strings, while still being manageable. Hope this helps.
3 &3/4 inches Edited: I presumed you meant the body depth. If you need the the neck width, at the nut it is a hair over 2".
Absolutely not. The Blue Yeti has a somewhat unique mounting system, which requires a specialized shock-mount 'ring'. This mount is designed to work with a large number of condenser style microphones with a screw-on back end. Blue makes the Radius shock-mount for this very purpose. I'm afraid that while the Yeti is a lovely microphone, you pay for the high-quality/low-cost in the form of incompatibility with most third party mounting options.
Yes
This does not fit the AT2020USB +.... Not at all.
It don't fit
I highly doubt that the PSM1 will fit the AT4050 because I tried to fit my AT2020+usb mike into the PSM1 and it would not fit at all. The end of the mike is just a size too big to fit the PSM1. Check out this link -- http://www.audio-technica.com/cms/windscreens_mounts/3a0ec6ca51c6f34d/index.html
I use it with the Podcaster, which I believe it's built the same except for the cable type used.
Yes, not only will it fit this mic specifically, but even mics of other brands. You're good.
Because of how it mounts to the mic I would say it wouldn't work. I use it with the Rode Podcaster and it is perfect along with the Rode mic.
I don't know. I don't have a rode NT2-A. Maybe you can make it work for you if you don't want to spend lots of money
No.
there are mic jacks that plug right into your amp. does this help?
The different models are on different bands. They are basically the same microphone otherwise.
Yes
No it does not
No
I'm sorry, I am not familiar with the product in question. I only purchased the wireless Shure mics. I'd suggest talking to a rep at Sweetwater. They're very knowledgeable.
The connection between the receiver and mixer board is 1/4" jacks. A cable is supplied with MALE jacks on both ends so the plug in the receiver is FEMALE....
Yes this is just the mic, you need the wireless pack, and the base
When you are looking for which frequency group will work best in your area, it is recommended to go to Shure's website and use their Frequency Finder Tool. (http://www.shure.com/americas/support/tools/wireless-frequency-finder)
Yes. Of course.
The guitar this was purchased for is a Fender Telecaster. It fits perfectly and is definitely longer than 23". I would say it's about 38-40" top to bottom. The 23" is probably the neck length.
I'm not familiar with ur guitar. But I think any solid body electric will fit.
It's made for an electric guitar not an acoustic
The carrier comes with one detaching strap.
It clips on to a flute perfectly.
Hm, probably not too well. This microphone is designed as a mic for a tuner. It works great to plug directly into a tuner. it's OKAY to use as a contact microphone for amplification if you don't have any other options. I purchased it as a backup for just in case my classical guitar pickup goes out during the middle of a gig and I need amplification. The sound you'll get out of it is not very good, because isn't designed for that. But with a lot of EQ work, you can still get a decent sound at a very cheap price. I recommend keep looking around for a better mic for your bass, but if you have a little extra cash lying around, then it's definitely worth picking this one up to have a mediocre spare and just to see how it works.
From what I've read, contact piezo pickups (like this one) work better on metal melodicas than plastic, since they sense vibrations instead of moving air like a traditional microphone. It appears the "dedicated" melodica pickups like this one &lt;http://www.melodicas.com/melodica_pickup.htm&gt; use an acoustically transparent tape to attach and are sensitive to placement location when it comes to getting a balanced sound. A less expensive version can be found here &lt;http://www.kksound.com/products/bigshot.php&gt; and claims to be better at picking up vibrations on low mechanical resonance devices (like plastic) but both of these are quite a bit more expensive that the Korg. Also, the Korg is designed to clip onto the tuning head of a stringed instrument, not sure how that would work on a melodica, but even if you do find a good place to clip it on, I would imagine moving it around to get a more balanced sound might be problematic. If you have Prime, this version &lt;http://www.amazon.com/Korg-KORG-CM200BK-Clip-On-Microphone-Black/dp/B00CPG43LO/ref=sr_1_2?s=musical-instruments&ie=UTF8&qid=1401102912&sr=1-2&keywords=Korg+CM-100L+Clip+On+Contact+Microphone+For+Tuners&gt; is slightly cheaper with free 2 day shipping... you could always order it, try it out, and if it doesn't work, return it. Hope this helps!
Just received a Mandolin A style, I know nothing about them. I am looking for a tuner & maybe a mike for it. ???. I ordered new strings & a strap. Tried tuning from YouTube, not working for me. Got some help from my son, but he is just learning to play the guitar himself. It has a plug, but I just want to learn to play without the acoustic sound. Any advice ??? Thank You Brenda.
No, it does not. This is a 1/4" connector, like a standard "instrument" cable, and matches the jack on most instrument tuners.
No sure what item you're asking about. Can you give me an item # I'll lookup and get back to you assured!
I'm sorry, I have no idea. This was a gift for someone.
This unit records and plays compact disks (CD-R & CD-RW) with maximum of 120 minutes. CD-R can be recorded only once while the CD-RW can be recorded and erased hundreds of times. According to the Manual, MP3 files recorded onto a CD are handled the same way as files are handled in an ordinary PC, with some MP3 held within a directory. The CD-RW900SL can also play back MP3 files recorded to formats that conforms to ISO9660 LEVEL 1, LEVEL 2, and the Joliet extensions. Discs recorded in multiple sessions may also be played back. CDs containing MP3s to be played by the CD-RW900SL, must be within the following maximum limits: 255 directories, 8 hierarchical structures, and 999 MP3 files.
not from the unit, but if you are feeding the sound in from analog source to the rca's in, sure you could. This is a component recorder, it doesn't connect to the pc in that way. But as I say, If you feed the line out from the source, to line in on the unit, you can record what you hear.
It plays back as well. In addition, it's D to A converter sounds very good.
No
It is for Optical Audio connection.
yes, but make sure that the input selector on the tascam is set digital or analogue. Check your manual, there are a few choices.
Yes.
no, you can use any type of CD-R.
There are 4 philips head screws that attach each flange. I would think one could remeove them, but not having done so myself, I cannot say yes with absolute certainty.
No, each channel is 5 Amps Max, which is about 600 watts. You require a 4 x 1200 watt dimmer for these lamps.
Are you trying to get two dimmers to mirror each other? If so, just set them both to the same DMX address. Assuming of course, you are using a DMX controller, and not using the onboard "program" settings (this item will not work as a controller).
I've ket it on for approx 6 hours for a show of ours and it was fine.
Welcome to descriptions based off of bad manual writing and/or translation. It means you can use this with a DMX controller or in (slave mode) or use it's dip switch selectable chase patterns. Hope this helps.
Yeah you can, don't let people tell you that you can't. HOWEVER: This unit IS NOT waterproof at all, but since your question makes you sound like a DIY extremist like me; you'll figure out a way to case it. (Personally I use a sprinkler timer box that's water tight, drill some holes in that sucker and attach some leads with solder if you feel like it.) It would also depend on the type of software you wanted to use it with. I'm currently using 5 of these in a Light-O-Rama network. (E.1.3.1 to Dmx 3pin, then into the chain of dimmers.) If you need a good dongle, I'd either recommend the HolidayCoro or an Enttec Pro.
It has one on it and yes you can JH
I reviewed the specs on a retailers web site. It mentioned this particular model adapter. See below. Power Supply Optional Adapter (PA-3C/PA-130), or batteries (Six "AA" size, LR6 or Ni-MH rechargable batteries) Power Consumption 8W (with Optional PA-130) Hope this helps.
Hello Abdullah, I am not sure whether you are connecting to 110Volt AC which is negative grounded or whether you are connecting to Positive grounded voltage. It would appear that if the A300 Data plate calls for a 12 Volt DC plug into the instrument from a 12 Volts, 60HZ supply and the connectors fit, you would be in business with the Yamaha PA130. You might be able to get the cross referenced adapter by putting your A300 data plate information through a search engine. Hope this helps. Thanks,...James
any one of three adapters will power your PSR-3 keyboard. YOU CAN DOWNLOAD THE USERS MANUAL AT: http://www2.yamaha.co.jp/manual/pdf/emi/english/port/PSR3E.pdf All three adapters have the same output and connector, they differ in the shape of the transformer only.
It should work, but the great thing about amazon is you can return the item if its not what you were looking for. -10 years of piano experience and a Major in Music
Yes it works great.
Hello Yes from 8thstreet Music, thanks
No
Yes
When You check on amazon for what is included with this unit it states Power Supply Adaptor (PA-3C/PA-130), or batteries (Six "AA" size, LR6 or Ni-MH rechargable batteries) Power Consumption 8W (with PA-130) Accessories. Hope this helps.
I got sent 2 it didn't work at all
Pro Tools is audio editing *software,* whereas the PCM D50 is a portable recording device. The D50 records audio. Pro Tools is used to edit audio.
As far as I am aware the USB works as a data transfer cable to transfer the recorded wave files to your computer and will not function while you are actually recording the audio. IT's simple enough to plug it in and transfer the files when you are done recording if you wanted a backup, but if you wanted to use it as a live mic recording straight to the computer I don't think it will work.
Run a dedicated Mic preamp to the stage. If you don't want to be that obvious and/or need to be Surreptitious about your recording. It'll be an audiophile clink and cough-a-thon. But look on the bright side, 30 years ago, Harry Pearson wandered aloud about the subways going underneath Kingsway Hall and the world of Hi-Fi was never the same........
I have NOT used a 100. My educated "guess" would be, owing to the feature set in particular (SBM, et al) that the edge would go to the newer, slightly "beefier" 100. That being said, I'm not sure that in a familiar environment, under ideal conditions, anybody would find telling the two apart would be particularly easy. It's an equivocal attempt at an answer, but I suspect the real question is "Is the 100 worth difference in price?" Only you can divine that answer for yourself. Shop carefully, don't pull the trigger on anything that does not have a generous return option and (if possible) audition them side by side.....
Mine would not turn on after 4 uses. Sony was no help wanted $375 just to look at it. I now have a $500 paperweight. The best fix is to do as I have done NEVER BUY another Sony product!
It is the full sized for a adult or young teenager,I am 19 and its in good size,if you are looking for someone younger. than 13 this guitar is not for them. Hope this helps!
It is a regular electric guitar
Yes. You may need an adapter depending on your headphones. I got an adapter for something like $3.
Yes indeed it be easy to use. I'd suggest switching strings a couple months in. I did although not perfect it works, I think the gauge on them is 9 so I went with 9.5. It's really good for me and I just started learning in march. Plus I bought a fender mustang 1 amp, because the included amp does not have presets which make the guitar sound even better. It's a must for the price and you won't be disappointed. Hope this helped.
This is my first guitar...never had the pleasure of playing strat! But it is a nice guitar with a good sound. The whole set is really cool...especially for someone like me that decided to take it up for a hobby.
SX is the manufacturer. The design of the guitar is a copy of the Fender Stratocaster.
No. My son says it came with drive. It's a great starter amp though. We upgraded to a Fender Mustang amp for all the bells and whistles. The guitar itself is really pretty good!
No. I am unaware of any guitar that has distortion built in! You usually buy a distortion foot switch as an add on and go from there for the sound you're looking for.
I went to my local music store and got the advice from a professional
yes indeed it does,by that you mean that whammy bar stick thing.
Yes, you can record 8 discrete tracks simultaneously via XLR or 1/4" inputs.
A mixer does a different job, it mixes/combines different signals into either a mono or stereo sound. Don't know firsthand if the PreSonus 16.2 has the necessary preamplifiers built into it the FireStudio does have. Do you NEED a mixer? (Keep in mind most digital audio workstations use software that has such mixers built in, like Sonar- my choice, or ProTools, etc.) The advantage of the FireStudio Project preamplifier unit it that it has 8 preamplifiers, so you can record a full drum kit with 8 mics, or a complete band- if you want. Most preamplifiers have only 2 inputs/2 preamplifiers. The first 2 inputs in the FireStudio can be used to plug in an electric guitar or bass with no direst box needed. Handy! Plus, the FireStudio has been around long enough to drop in price, yet still gives an uncolored, clean sound. Hope this helps some.
Looks like it's compatible. Be aware, the PreSonus website is very useful. If you buy it, be sure to register it so you can make the most of any support you need. I'm including a link to the Firestudio specs page. http://www.presonus.com/products/FireStudio/techspecs
It does not come with cords but it has the input jacks.
As many as your computer can handle. All depends on your processor's power and the amount of ram You have.
Yes
This is an older firewire unit. When I used this unit for recording 6 performers at once , I believe my technician used a 48V am. Anyway, it worked with 6 mics at once. But it certainly works well withoutit. One of the reasons I used it was that it worked fine withou it. It's been quite a while since I examined its functionality, but as I recall, it was quite straightforward to operate. Hope this helps.
yes
this is a presonus firestudio project which replaces the firepod.
The bag did not come with the amp. It is an accessory that can be purchased separately.
As long as the wind isn't blowing too hard. Seriously it is pretty loud!
I have put it on a table before so I guess it's very possible to put it on a stand.
yes it is loud enough for busking but 30-40 ft might the limit to hear it at good volume.
Maybe, I would try using speakers first. If there was not enough volume then try going through an amp, starting with the volume turned way down first. In a small setting, like a church or high school gym, this alone should do. Loud enough is load enough, but too loud will drive your audience away. Give it a try first. Good luck.
I like this little amp and I think it's just as good as the crate. The effects are fine and I like the XLR input for mics!.. a good back up that I keep in my car for those times when I wanna practice outside somewhere...I keep it in the trunk of my car....
No
Yes
It doesn't have a midi input, but if your piano has a 1/8" output the amp should work fine.
It's 5 watts. They say it's a stereo amp, with 2-2.5 watt channels, for a combined total of 5. Hope that helps.
I have no idea, do not recall or cared. However very good quality and pleased ... 5Stars
Yes, the harder you hit it the louder it is.
Yes
The one that I have is about 15 inches on a side. The ringer is 10 inches long. The metal bar of the triangle is 1/2 inch square
I have a Casio px-310 which is similar in size to the px-150. The Case was large enough for me to store my keyboard and also had room on the sides to store my peddles and such. The case had a little more room around the sides than I expected but the straps keep my keyboard from shifting too much.
This is a great solution for your needs, but please note the dims, we look forward to working with you: Interior Dimensions Interior Length: 54.00 " Interior Width: 15.00 " Interior Height: 6.00 " - See more at: http://www.gatorcases.com/p/111196-509/gk-88-slim#sthash.6DsJ1yKS.dpuf
Interior Dimensions Interior Length: 54.00 " Interior Width: 15.00 " Interior Height: 6.00 " - See more at: http://www.gatorcases.com/p/111196-509/gk-88-slim#sthash.kRCQb5qv.dpuf
No. Your keyboard is too deep to fit in this case. I would also be a little wary of carrying something as heavy as a yamaha pf85 in a soft case. You'll probably need something stronger.
Yes. I use mine for my CP4, which is slightly bigger than the P-35. Checking the spec's for a P-35, it should be a close-to-perfect fit for width and height; but you'll have about 2 inches of extra depth. That's not ideal -- but you could fill the space with little bit of extra foam, or even some cables, if you're going to be carrying it a lot.
I did not fit ours.
Hello, This should help you: Interior Dimensions Interior Length: 54.00 " Interior Width: 15.00 " Interior Height: 6.00 " - See more at: http://www.gatorcases.com/p/111196-509/gk-88-slim#sthash.QgQcn2tl.dpuf
Clairesse, Per the Gator website, the GK-88 Slim, the GKB-88 Slim, and the GKPE-88SLIM-TSA all work with the P105. Best, Andy's Music
The case is listed as being compatible with the: Korg PA-1X, SP-200, SP-300, SP-55 keyboards. The interior dimensions of 54 x 15 x 6.0" (137.16 x 38.1 x 15.24 cm) (LxWxH) can be measured against the Korg SP170s to verify compatibility.
It needs to be plugged into some kind of amp like a karaoke machine or speaker. It cannot be plugged into a wall socket.
Yes.
This has a 1/4" male plug on the end. You may require an adapter if the female aux input is 3.5mm. Those adapters are pretty easy to find at any radio shack or even on amazon.
I am not sure - I bought it for the Singing Machine karaoke brand, it is a really good quality mic.
Yes
I couldn't get it to run sound through keyboard. Had to connect directly to amp.
Ok. I'm probably going to sound silly but, did you plug it into the Aux. Also there is an on and off switch on the mic.. other than that, I don't know. Ours worked fine. It might be a bad one.
Jeff nailed it- This is an analog microphone, size 6.35mm natively. The adapter included is a 6.35mm to 3.5mm, which is the same slot you would find on a pair of headphones or a computer microphone. The vast majority of computers have a 3.5mm microphone jack and this works fine with them. If you'd prefer to connect it to a USB, I use and recommend this adapter. http://www.amazon.com/Syba-SD-CM-UAUD-Adapter-C-Media-Chipset/dp/B001MSS6CS/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&qid=1357326994&sr=8-2&keywords=syba+sound+card
It does, but it has never worked properly on the one I received. I figured for $8.50 it worked pretty well at recording my voice, and allowed me to use DragonSpeek. If I want one with a truly functional On-Off button, I will spend more money.
As long as it has the 0.25 inch microphone jack it should work great. Otherwise you can get a simple adapter.
NOOO!!! The best one for the bass clarinet if you're a doubler is the Hercules Bassoon/Bass Clarinet stand. Do not buy the Hercules Bass Clarinet Stand that cradles the bell and body because it is impossible to take off and put back quickly.
No. This stand is adjustable and will hold both alto and tenor - been there, done it. Also the peg will hold a clarinet or flute. It is a solid stand and has a hole for a second peg. I bought 2 stands and gave one as a gift.
Wouldn't want to venture an opinion on that question. Plug in what you're looking for in the Amazon search engine: Hercules Oboe peg. You will surely be able to screw it into this Hecules alto/tenor stand. That's my story and I'm sticking to it!
Hi! Thanks for the question. Just add the trumpet/cornet peg to your order and you should be good to go! Please let us know if you have any additional questions. http://www.amazon.com/Hercules-DS501B-Trumpet-Cornet-PEG/dp/B000EENAMC/ref=sr_1_57?m=AJRBH136ZIOA5&s=merchant-items&ie=UTF8&qid=1378236242&sr=1-57
It's identical to the flute/clarinet peg. All the Hercules stands I've gotten come with identical flute/clarinet pegs and can be interchanged with other stands.
Yes, it will certainly adjust to that size, with no problem. Most comfortable strap out there.
I'm not sure. It might be best to contact the vendor directly here: http://www.levysleathers.com/contact-us They do have other models that are made for that purpose though, here: http://www.amazon.com/Levys-Leathers-PM14-DBR-Leather-Cradle/dp/B000XPSQQ2/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1420485549&sr=8-1&keywords=banjo+pm14
Hey brother Dave. The wide part goes on the top. The "belt" looking part goes down "lower"than the tailpiece. Enjoy... It's a great strap..
No, it's not. It attaches to the hooks
We apologize for any inconvenience , unfortunately we do not ship to India.
Yes, it will be dropped of in the front office where you can pick it up.
Yes it comes with strings.
I own this exact guitar. It says on the back of the headstock, below the serial number, "Made in China". But, don't let that necessarily be a deciding factor. This is a decent starter guitar. I've gotten a lot of use and pleasure out of it - and, even though I've since bought a different (more expensive) guitar, this still tends to be my "go to" if I'm just wanting to jam.
any stand will do, just dont get the crapy ones, a nice 20-30 dollar stand will do nicely
Shipping was FREE via Amazon. How much did your's ship for? Different vendor, perhaps? Most impt., how did this hot black DM-V perform? Fit and Finish? Both mine, and the one i gifted my 15 y/o nephew for Christmas was totally " nice for the price" ......his number one and two , area razor slime DB,...., And a Washburn V with Bill Lawrence pups. This one serves backup,...he loves It. DM-V for under $300.....amazing! Dean V Dave Mustaine Guitar, Bolt-on Classic Black (i love mine too!) FREE Shipping from Amazon........
The height of the stand with keyboard on top is 29.5"
Hi. I have Yamaha P-150 that i'm using with the stand, and I love it. I have x one too and it was so uncomfortable. This one sticks out about an inch at the back of the keyboard which is perfect because of the score stand, and about half an inch in the front. I recommend this stand.
I believe the stand you would need is the L60W. I believe the L140 works only with the p140, p155, and p155b keyboards.
It was stable enough, and worked fine. The keyboard screws on. Tipping is entirely dependent on the length of the bottom "feet" pieces which seem to be the proper length. But here's a better idea: Spend an afternoon in the garage and make one yourself. It's not rocket science. Just get some pine boards at the local hardware/lumber place. Get your rule out, measure, draw a diagram, use your driver drill, have fun. Stain it, polyurethane it. And you will have a better stand. Also, the strut underneath which goes all the way across, can be set back farther in case you have long legs with knees that knock against the strut. With the present design, you can turn the strut 180 degrees and gain about an inch of setback which I didn't do but could have. This wood is pressboard fake stuff so let the buyer beware. The bottom feet are plastic but are the most substantial pieces on the unit.--Phillip Holmes, Sharpsburg, GA
Our Yamaha P-155 is connected to this stand. I just weighed the piano and the L-140 stand (together). They weighed 64 pounds altogether (this is an approximation since it had some music on it too). The P-155 manual says it weighs 37 pounds. So it is believable that the stand weighs 20 pounds itself. I am sorry that my estimates are so rough. By the way, we love the P-155 digital keyboard (I spent months looking at digital pianos before choosing this one). The L-140 stand is perfect for it. You will be very satisfied with such a purchase! I highly recommend replacing the FC4 pedal (which is included) with the FC3 pedal, which provides much more accuracy. (Yamaha's numbering system is strange for pedals; the FC4 is the free included pedal with the P-155, and the FC3 is the upgraded pedal, which you have to buy.) http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000RW0QFU/
I bought this and Yamaha P155B, it fit pretty well.
Are you asking for the MIDI connecting? or something related to the stand? the stand works good for P155 to connect with computer, I got the Yamaha UX16 Midi Interface. But I think any standard midi to USB connector works
Ya it's possible, you just need an XLR M-F Cable. Then connect your mic via XLR M-F cable to the Nady phantom unit and then XLR F-3.5mm to your Mac's mic in. Hope this helps you.
Depends what connection cable you have. XLR Female to USB male http://www.amazon.com/Female-Microphone-Cable-Windows-VISTA/dp/B005IU3RMA/ref=pd_sim_MI_8 or 3.3mm mini http://www.amazon.com/GLS-Audio-6-Feet-8-Inch-Stereo/dp/B006LQH2B2/ref=pd_sim_MI_15
This is how it works: condenser mic---&gt;XLR cable---&gt;Nady SMPS---&gt;XLR cable---&gt;amp
Yes
Yes, it will make it slightly more sensitive. You will hardly notice a difference.
1 Mic in - 1 out
Sorry but no. This unit runs on AC only.
It comes with no cables. It also states such in the item description. Be careful hooking this up to USB. Whenever dealing with a powered device, it is far better to purchase something purpose built for the application. Instead I would recommend an XLR to Mono cable, and then an adapter to input it in through the audio jacks. It would suck to spend $50 on a PSU, and then blow up your computer.
you need two cables. one from mixer to 48 volt box. another from 48 volt box to the mike
No issues at all with the power connector and used this many times for small room live performances. Of course it's better to buy the mixer with phantom as long as you are in the market for a mixer. I had one w/o phantom that I liked so this Nady unit did the job without having to put out extra cash.
I bought them for my 5 year old son but they can be used by both adults & kids.
My girl has used them for normal set play without issue. We've had them since July and they still work fine
They're an excellent till if you already have a drum set. I guess you could still use them on a practice pad though which you can pick up for like $15 or $20.
They light up for a few seconds when they strike something. I'd say like 5-10 seconds
These are a great novelty item and can create a cool effect when on stage. With its plastic build, the stick is flexible, which means excessive forceful use could end up with them snapping and defiantly splitting or cracking. &#1170;or everyday use, I would use and I do use normal sticks because they are more practical, and also because you can't see the light up sticks light up in daylight unless you got the blue colour. So if you are playing in a band in a competition, and are only playing 1 or 2 songs in the night, then these are &#1086;&#1082;, but if you are planning to use them full time, you are better of to get a normal stick and coat it in glow stick liquid. I would still buy them as they are a great party trick and make your drumming look completely cooler as they also draw attention to you. These would be good for performing a solo.
Good? Only for show. Quality performance is stretching it.
These sticks are around a 2B diameter. They are also longer in length than your average stick. There is some flexing of the stick when playing but if you are not an extreme hard hitter these will work fine.
We would ship to Brazil 4-pair via USPS Priority Mail International. If not the cheapest method, the less shipping time and more secure method having tracking capability.
We carry blue, red & green
How many what?? Firestixs come two to a pack and each require 3 replacement batteries but tje replacement batterys cost just as much as a new set
Perfect size
It will hold 16 pieces of sheet music.
Not on the model I have. However it's comfortable, is tight enough for a good grip, yet is loose enough to change hands as needed. Hope that helps.
GelRest says the product is made of vinyl.
The thing is, it has a sticky back, so you don't have to worry about the placement of the chin rest on your instrument. Plus, I like to think that the chin rest is designed more to fit you than the chin rest itself, so even if it isn't the perfect shape to fit the rest, it will stick to it and it will cradle your chin perfectly. I would say definitely go for it.
"Detachol"--from surgical supply stores or "Goo Gone"--from dollar stores, should remove it without damaging the chinrest surface. Just be sure NOT to get any solvent on your violin top. If you do not remove your chinrest, put a freezer bag and rag under it to protect your violin top.
Yes it will fit size wise. The pad is not very big but to get it stay put on the chin rest is a bit tricky. The sticky thing quit working very well after a while.
I have a full size violin. This gelrest is great. It is easy to remove and has enough sticky to be reapplies a couple times. It is more of a gel type adhesive so it does not leave any marks or residue. It may not fit your chin rest exactly because of the numberous chin rest shapes but it works great.
There are background vocals.
Sweet Georgia Brown is one of the best friends for karaoke and they usually use the original arrangement as a professional DJ I go out of my way to try to find Sweet Georgia Brown
My disks must be CDG because they show the lyrics on the screen. Make sure the right button is pushed on your machine or it will just play the music without the lyrics. There is no video on CDG disks, just text. My disks were as advertised.
Yes this set has the dics that you are looking for in it.
Yes. There is about a half inch of padding around the case, but it isn't very resilient. It's fine for brushing up against stuff while transporting your keyboard, but it's not going to protect it against hard impact. I suppose, however, that the strength of the plastic shell on the keyboard should protect it just fine in the event of an impact, while the case (with its slight padding) will prevent the plastic keyboard shell from getting scratched or dented. Hope this helps!
Case fits my Privia PX-110 nicely, but won't hold the detachable music stand that comes with the keyboard.
It is washable; however, you would probably want to remove the straps before washing.
Ni, definitely no. It does not have padding. Nor does it have any space to put padding.
Gosh I think I had the same thought before I bought it, but it fits over my Privia PX350M perfectly. like a glove.
Yes, all privia models fit in this case
It does
Yes, But Just the PX-350 Keyboard -NOT THE STAND, if you have one!
My daughter hasn't tried to put the piano in the case yet. Sorry I can't help.
Not sure how it fits the 150, But it does fit the PX -350 like a glove. Compare the dimensions of the 150 against the 350 should give you a good comparison if it will fit.
mine came with a cord to plug it into the wall. It's a great keyboard. We use it daily.
Not really. But I've been playing mine for several years now and the feel of the keys is really okay. It isn't enough of a difference to be a bother. However, the harder you hit a key, the louder it plays. That's a nice feature.
AD comes with an ADAPTER
I have not taken any of the lessons myself but I understand that it teaches you to read music.
Not quite sure about Casio other than Yamaha is a better quality sound/ more settings/features
Yes. It uses 6 x AA batteries.
Yes you can. However, they will need to be powered speakers (either AC or battery powered) as the signal from the headphone jack is low.
I have one. The keys are full size but there are only 61 keys (36 white and 25 black). But you don't really use the ones that aren't there anyway. (the ones on the far left hand side). The center C key is not in the "center'...it is more to the left. Hope this helps.
I don't know, but don't buy this ocarina. Look at other ocarinas and look for sound samples. This is not a good choice.
My assumption is yes, it's just cheep plastic and not all that good. If you are interested in learning/playing the ocarina and still want plastic, take a look at the ocarina listed here. http://www.stlocarina.com/ztenorpldis.html
Yes, it's very good for beginners.
Sorry, not at this time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gfRXzYvijPQ&list=UUdgIkPERBpInwChbupJmBVQ dose this video answer your question?
I don't think guitar size actually means the length of the entire guitar but rather the guitar scale length (measure from bridge to nut of the guitar). If it measures about 20.5 in. then it qualifies as a 1/2 size guitar. Hope that helps : )
It is a nice little guitar, not a cheapster. Good deal for the price. It is small, would travel well.
Yes this guitar has steel strings. Someone noted that it sounds better when the strings are replaced.
No
There aren't any strap pegs. Wish there were!
Yes, and you don't have to switch the strings. Playing guitar requires both hands and it doesn't matter which hand you use to fret and which hand you use to strum.
Works perfectly fine and it fit like a glove.
The information I found online says that this stand fits the following models: Yamaha's PSR620, PSR520, PSR420, PSR340, PSR330, PSR320, PSR270, PSR248, PSR230, PSR220, PSR190, PSR160, PSR140, PSR78, PSRK1 Entertainment Station, the DJX MIDI Portable Keyboard, and EZ Series keyboards. So I have no idea why yours does not fit, sorry.
This stand is sturdy IF if fits your keyboard correctly. But I can't help you with that.
yes
I have a psr e223 key board and the stand fit awesome
As far as I know, this stand is good for: PSR, YPT, Piaggero & EZ portable keyboards.You can confirm this on Amazon by looking up Yamaha L3C Attachable Keyboard stand. Hope this answers your question
I bought this for my 11 year old grand daughter and 7 year old grandson for Christmas with a Yamaha keyboard. It is very sturdy and has held up to two very active kids. The keyboard does not just sit on top of it like other cheaper stands, it is attached. Very happy with this purchase.
No
Hi: I talked to my husband who received this Yamaha Keyboard Stand as a Christmas present for 2012 and he does not remember having a problem putting this item together. He must have been the lucky one to receive all the items needed in order to set this stand up.
I have no idea. Probably a question you will need to take back to Yahmaha for an answer.
It comes with regular slinkys but I recommend changing to super slinkys. Lighter gauge for faster shredding.
Sam Ash SKU#ARTCXXXXX - Floyd Rose Tremolo Arm (Chrome). We have them in stock. Thanks Robert.
Sure does
We do not offer this guitar in white. The guitar does not include a case.
The shipping dimensions would be 42 long, 16 wide, and 4 deep.
Thank you for your inquiry -the ESP factory pickups are really very good but the EMG 81/85 pickups is certainly a step up in quality. Hope this helps.
I can sell you the strings, but we are a warehouse, and our guys do not restring guitars...I can send it to our retail location, but it would be a $45 bench fee for the guitar tech to do it...
ETA's are subject to were you live, but most items can be delivered within 3-5 business days to the furthest points of the lower 48 states.
i have the koass 1 (seen to your left) and the kpro. i don't own the kaoss 2. but based on vids on youtube, 2 is easier to use.
Never tried it but I can't imagine how a mp3 player could work as there is no input. The only jacks available are one for headphones (at the lower part of the device) and a pair of RCA for stereo outlet easily seen on the picture up right corner.
i think the more expensive one is imported, buy the cheap one! in case anyone else is wondering: the ko-1 kaossilator is the original square shaped one, in yellow or pink. the kaossilator 2 is the newer, more of a rectangular shape and has a small LCD display and lighted buttons. it's a significant upgrade that now includes a mic, and an sd card so you can record loops with it. the kaossilator pro is much larger, and has a green lighted touchpad, the kaossilator pro+ is the updated version of the kaossilator pro, look closely at the buttons, the older model's are black. it's confusing, but they're not good at naming things at korg.
Hey Eric, This will just function as a midi controller, not a synthesizer.
The USB cord to the MPK works as a MIDI interface in Windows 8.1. Just be aware that if using the USB cord to power the MPK49 then the regular MIDI ports on the MPK49 function as extension ports for your computer, not as regular MIDI Ports on the MPK49. If you want to use the MPK49 standalone MIDI ports you'll need an alternate power supply. Hope that helps.
No adapter included, but it works on both. You can get an adapter from Radio Shack or a thrift store, or even an old appliance you no longer use. Just make sure it's the right voltage.
Probably
Ok i have recently upgraded the pads to the sensitve pads if its sold it wont come with the original box or usb cord but its in perfect condition thanks for your interest
It's not a synthesizer it's a midi controller which means that it actually sends midi signals to your DAW. In other words it doesn't make sound on its own, only with a computer.
If you want keys and pads get this if you are looking for a MPC style workflow get the Mpc studio. The mpc studio comes with its own software and includes akais sound library this mpk 49 is just a controller, so you need a DAW to sample such as logic protools ableton etc
Yes.
Yes
Yes
I use this cover for both my Yamaha CP33 and Alesis QS8 full sized keyboards. The Yamaha measures 52" long by 13" deep and about 4" tall. I feel the cover would easily fit up to a 54" long keyboard, and has room to spare in the height - I measured 6" of height available. I hope this helps you - I am totally happy with my cover - no problems or issues at all.
Yes it will
Hi Amy, my Yamaha is 52 inches x 11 inches and it fits that easily. Best way to find out would be to contact the company who make them. Cheers, Nat
Yes, it should. I purchased this dust cover for my 54x16 inch Yamaha keyboard and there is plenty of room without too much stretch.
Yes, it will. The cover fits my Yamaha P200, which is slightly larger dimensions than your DGX 650.
If it is on a stand (as opposed to the cabinet-type that is more like a real piano) it should work fine. If you have the cabinet-type, I don't know if it would have anything on the ends to keep it in place.
KUW-- the Yamaha p105 is 52" by 11" (roughly) My Prokeys 88 is 55" by 13" and there is room to spare, so I think, Yes, the dust cover would fit. Hope this helps&gt;
Yes, that is what I have and it even fits over the music rack.
We use the cover on a Yamaha MOX8 which is a fairly large workstation.
I think it's spandex and something else. It is very stretchy and roomy. The material is soft and not shiny.
I am thinking it too. I think, the only difference is, that one can cancell out the guitar part from the song, ao you can play along, and the other can cancell out the vocals. For me those parts are not essential, so I think I will go with vocal one.
There's not really a way to answer that. You'll have to adjust the EQ according to what sounds best to you. The EQ knobs are pretty sensitive on this unit, so a little goes a long way. Different songs/singers will need different levels of reverb/delay. Good rule of thumb: Slow songs = more reverb/delay; Fast songs = less reverb/delay
You would be surprised at sound quality of this mixer. I own two and love them. I play in large and small venues and it does a super job in all places! I play Beach and other kinds of music and Karaoke from a laptop and it works well for all! Microphone quality is excellent...
No. It has no amplifier in it, it is strictly a mixer. You have to use it with an external amplifier, or with amplified speakers.
YES. As long as you have the jack adapters. The mains output is 1/4 TS to whatever you need on the AV. Output level is standard +4 dBu. There is also RCA recording outs
I didn't have any experience with mixers and it took me a while to figure it out but now I am very happy with this unit and feel I made the right choice in buying it.
You might try adjusting the main output high enough to give you adequate headphone volume, then reduce the gain on your power amp until it compensates. I assume you'd not be using the power amp at the same time as phones anyway so if your power amp sounds good the way it is, just increase the gain for your phones when you use them and down again after. It doesn't get any easier than one-knob control- that's why I love the compressors in this.
no key change just effects, i have it hooked up to my magic sing and the magic sing karaoke mic has the key changer on it.
This unit is for basic mixing. It has built in preamp for mic and has instrument inputs also. It doesn't have a USB or FireWire for recording to a computer. This would require an audio interface to communicate with a computer (CPU).
This unit does not remove vocals. It does have effects (reverb), but will not remove vocals to produce a "music only" track.
You can actually plug into either the (7/8) or the (2TR). I would plug into the (7/8) so you can control the bass/treble etc, and you can get more volume. Unless if you want to control everything from your receiver then plug into the 2TR. So from your TV go out to the board into the inputs (7/8) or (2TR). Then (Rec Out) into your receiver, usually to the (Aux) but any input should do. I'm guess you're setting up a karaoke system because if you wanted your TV connected to your speakers then you would just plug straight into your receiver. If you do decide to get a powered amp to plug in instead of your receiver you'll get better sound quality IMO. Hope this helps you.
It doesn't include a microphone. The compatible microphones are PG185 and PG30-TQG. Those use the shure ta4f connector compatible with this transmitter. I use a shure PG4 receiver and it works well, but i don't know if this series works with the PGX series of receivers... My guess would be that they don't.. But i can't be sure of that without testing... JCML... from Venezuela...
Almost certainly not. Each device has a frequency it uses and they won't match up. Note the "H7" for the Shure bodyback. Not even all Shure receivers will work, it has to be an 'H7' receiver, too. You could buy whatever microphone for the bodyback you wanted, as long as it's the correct kind of connector
Sure not a problem
Sure you could do that but unless your home system consists of pro audio gear (loudspeakers or powered loudspeakers, amplifiers with balanced xlr connections etc) and you need to mix vocal mics and/or instruments, it might be overkill (as you will not be using many of the functions available). For instance if your audio system uses RCA connectors, the mixer does have RCA inputs/outputs, so you could easily do it, I am just not sure if it would be worth it. If you post a picture of your gear or give a more detailed list of expectations I can give a better answer.
You could use it for that if he already has speakers awesome! But you will need a power amp as well. I really recommend this product I use this mixer for my band we plug in the guitar, bass, and mics great and if you are interested in buying a power amp I will recommend the behringer 4,000 power amp it's a bit pricey but works like a charm! I hope I answered your question if you have anymore please feel freed to ask good luck :)
Yes it comes with a 110V power adapter
I did not sell you the mixer. You will need to contact the Amazon people or the "store" that sold the product. Directions for returns and replacements can be found here on the Amazon site under that exact category or you can check in the Help link
I believe u can if u have powered speakers as this unit doesnt have powered output.
yes, order RK-MG102
Yes, you can. That's exactly what I do. Connect input and output to your sound card to both record in and listen back through this stereo mixer.
yes, it does for all four xlr inputs. it's an awesome mixer. yuo can also search google for a clear picture to see and download manual from yamaha and read it on page 12: http://download.yamaha.com/api/asset/file/?language=zh
Heaven's yes. You could use it with any power amp as long as it has 1/4 inch inputs or you have adapters (the output on the mixer is 1/4 inch) I use it with a number of power amps and I also use it to premix 4 instruments into a small 100 watt fishman acoustic guitar amp when I play in little tiny venues. The size of the power amp will make no difference as the mixer just sends a low power signal. The only thing I've found that I don't like with this mixer is that the RCA inputs are very low gain and there isn't a lot of signal to the phone jack either (I also use this mixer for home practice, running instruments in along with an mp3 player into the RCA's and no gain control for those inputs - you don't get much volume even with everything turned up as loud as you can)
Yes. Mic drum kit with 4 mic preamps, input mp3 track through rca inputs on either 7/8 or 9/10. There are two 1/4" mono pairs for speakers--"Monitor" and "Stereo Mix"--with the headphone out corresponding to "Monitor" I believe. As long as you don't need more than 4 mic preamps (or have external preamps to complement), it should work fine. The headphone out is a 1/4" stereo, so you might need an adapter depending on the phones.
There is only one output. A 3.5mm socket. The input is 1/4 inch.
Hi Anthony, I bought the AC30, the Metal, and the Classic Rock ones, so I can't comment on the Lead one, but of the three that I got, the Classic Rock one was the favorite. Another option to consider, although more expensive, is to get a Carl Martin Rock Bug. That way you can use all of your Dirt Pedals and still use the headphones. Using my Rock Bug with a Boss Flanger pedal and a Beat Buddy pedal is pretty neat.
The input jack is a standard guitar cord. From guitar rite into vox. The headphone jack takes standard headphone plug. No adapters needed
Volume, gain and tone.
You mean like on a Fender strat? It looks like it won't from the pics but it does fit just fine .
There is a specific AmPlug version for a bass guitar (my wife has one). You could probably get a signal through this version, but the filtering etc would be wrong.
If it has a standard 1/4" audio plug then yes, it should work fine.
I have purchased both the single coil and humbucker versions. Both have 8-10 foot cords captive at the pickup and terminated in 1/4" phone plugs [regular guitar plugs]. BTW, the single coil sounds brighter, but will pick up noise from dimmers, other amps [!] and even the microwave in another room, but on the same circuit. The humbucker is VERY quiet.
This is not the kind to drill a hole in your guitar and make it permanent. There other ones make to do that. My guitar is ventage made before they had built in pickups for this kind of guitar. It was strongly suggested not to drill a hole in it so I got this pick up. It works great for me and getting another one for my ventage 12 string. Whether you drill a hole in it depends of the quality of your guitar and age. If you do have it done I would suggest getting a profesional guitar tech do it. It is more involved than just drilling a hole in it. If you can afford it I would suggest getting one with the pick up built in from the factory. I got another guitar for places I don't want to take my good guitars to for $170 from a pawn shop and it sounds ok. So in short this one is not made to do that. there are several ones that are made to do that, and a professional guitar tech will be able to tell you which one will fit & work best in your guitar.
It dose fine for me. I play both in side bars / clubs and outside events. Most of your loudness is adjusted on your amp or the mixer board. It doesn't have a volume control on it. But I haven't had any problem with it. I plan on getting another one for my 12 string.
I don't know anything about the Fender CD60, I do know it will work on a D28, Taylor GS8 and Gibson Songwriter, I think it would work on any guitar with a standard size soundhole......
NO
The pickup has a cable attached, but it cannot be removed from the pickup. You'd have to unplug the cable at the amp or remove the pickup from the soundhole, which is somewhat easy to do.
I just plugged it into my guitar amp and away we went! Good sound.
Hi Elisabeth, Yes! it's warranted for five years. Please let me know if you have any other questions!
Yes, except that it is a standard 5/8" thread
Xlr cable
Yeah, you unscrew the mic body, slide apart the two sections, and there's a compartment for the battery.
Definitely, unless you like quiet solitude.
Yeah, it has an adjustable, tune-o-matic type bridge. Should get you there. Nice quality, fun to play and a good-sounding instrument for the price. Hope this helps.
When I bought this item, it was different than the picture shows. No stand came with it and no mounting holes underneath, but it has a nice little soft case. I bought a Dunlop Lap Dawg slide. Didn't come with one. Don't remember about picks, but I doubt it came with those. Lap Dawg slide is very nice. Be sure to buy some flat wound strings too. The ones that came with this were terrible.
No, It is different
seems heavy duty and should last over time. It is hybrid between a soft and hard case.
I don't think it will fit an 814. I managed to get my L-5 in it (super tight fit), but I think the lower bout, body depth is too deep on a 814. Great gig bag, excellent protection and an unbeatable price for the quality!
Probably too deep for a thinline and your guitar would move around in it.
Yes.
I am using an acoustic guitar. I would say - very suitable, as it has the back straps, which are quite durable (unless you are riding over rough terrain :))
I use it to carry my acoustic on my motorcycle. It kind of rests on my passenger seat.
I'm pretty sure it's too big for a classical guitar. I can check tonight, but it's the right size for a Dreadnought body. BTW, I haven't been overwhelmed with the case holding up; it had a hinge problem early on, when it was on the floor in a club and got kicked. I managed to fix that. The nylon seems to show more wear than I would expect, and I only take it out once or twice a week. I like it, but a hard case would hold up better. (This case replaced my case from 1968 :))
Yes it is.
Works just as a DI box does but you will need to use the power cord unless you are running from a power center with TRS cables. Hope this helps
I use a Rolls Personal Monitor to monitor my bass and other instrument in love shows with no problem. It could be your headphones/ear plugs are not up to the task. Also be sure you don't have the same bass signal coming from two different sources. In other words, bass signal from your di and your band monitor mix also has the same bass signal. This would create a phase problem, and make your bass sound thin.
There is no power switch. You have to plug it in to power on and unplug to power off.
Yes
I noticed it too. When the device is connected via the instrument connection the floating ground will cancel any noise. One must remember, this isn't a professional piece of equipment with layers and layers of MOSFETS, JFETS AND TRANSISTORS To switch on and of the signal. So, even though there is no signal, it's amplifying the hum from the AC transformer as well. In common terms, it needs to be connected to a device to cancel the noise. Even in the ground, or lift phase.
This is mentioned on the instructions that come with it, normal phantom power is 48 volts. It can damage the device.This is meant for 12 volts. Rolls has a unit that provides this. I use it all of the time and it works great.
No it won't, I use and Shure Beta 87 (condenser mic) in this unit and the phantom power has never been a problem.
No, it doesn't affect output volume, it changes only volume of signal, that you hear in your headphones. That's the point of this device)
It depends on the amperage coming down the wire. Phantom Power is insufficient to drive the box, but anything above 16VDC will damage the unit. You can run condenser mics through the unit, so if you board is not pushing in excess of 16VDC you should be good. http://www.rolls.com/pdf/M_PM351.pdf
A mic clip is included with the Shure mic in it's box along with a carrying pouch. I actually ordered a clip separate because I didn't know this and it wasn't listed. Hope this helps.
Three pin, Yes. The Mike is good for small gathering of up to 150 people. I have both the 48 series and one 58.
Yes it does.
It can be plugged into any amp if it has a 1/4" adapter hooked onto the end of the mic cable. You can find those at any music store.
The cable is a standard xlr mic cable xlr/f to xlr/m
Not for computer use as is.
I have used the Sennheiser with the battery that came with the unit and a spare I ordered separately. I am getting a full evening's use out of each, but find the battery almost dead when I turn the unit on the next night if I haven't replaced it with a freshly charged battery. It seems almost that the unit slowly drains the battery even if it is turned off.
It comes with one battery.
All you need is one wire. connect your transmitter to the audio out on your tv set. If you have a cable box you could connect it to the audio out on your cable box. That's it just one wire. The other wire on the transmitter goes to the house electric plug for electricity to power the transmitter.
I don't think it would work. Such systems are usually radio frequency operated devices which have a considerably longer range than does the infrared transmission medium used in this device.
It theoretically does, but I am not sure. I meant to take the receiver (i.e., the part with the earphone) with me when I go to a movie, but hadn't yet. You have given me the motivation to do so, and I will try it next time I go -- and let you know, if I can, through Amazon.
There are no other connections for connecting to the TV. You may need an adapter, which I noticed can be bought separately. The headset really works great. You also need a second battery that can be charging while using the first one.
The charger is on the side of the infra-red device that connects to the TV and plugs into a wall socket.
The set comes with one battery.
Yes. Connections are peculiar to this set. The connector is not typical.
YES
no. and it doesn't have an opening lid either.
Remove the seat and add a 2" wood strip to all four sides sand and paint and reattach to seat.
Padding is about 2.5". We have two of them and believe the quality to be very good.
Vinyl
19.5 inches
Approximately 19.3 inches.
Nope no storage.
18.5" and 9.75"
Satin black
No.
It is the exact match to the series 10 and 100 boss pedals
Not exactly sure what you are asking Jorge, but the bag is fairly lite but is very well constructed. It is a very good buy for your floor pedal. I have been very pleased with mine. Hope this helps.
Yes, this bag will work great with a GR-55. I use it for a GR-33 and it has plenty of extra space for accessories.
No
I have a Boss ME-70 and it fits good. I believe the looper rc300 should but I don't know for certain.
The main compartment is roughly 22" x 12"
I don't really use the bag for pedals, so I can't really help you there. I will say that I use it for basically everything else(cables, strings, song books, pedals that aren't on the board that I may switch in/out) It is an excellent bag, with a lot if room. I highly recommend it!:)
There is a power input selector switch on the back. These number are from the manual. Power Input: Input voltage ........115/230 V (AC) Frequency ................. 50/60 Hz
yes it does but i do not reccomend buying pyle pro amps i went thru 3 of these amps that i orderd cause 2 of them blew a channel 5 minutes after hooking it up and turning it on you get what you pay for when it comes to amps and these are junk
Yes
You are too vague in your question. Can't help you out unless you give speaker info how do you have them wired 4 or 8 ohms/rms wattage/peak wattage. I have my amp hooked up in my house to kicker subs 500rms each at 8 ohm, they are plenty loud. just as load if not louder than my 1000watt car amp.
Those speakers are probably rated at 1200W peak for like 3 seconds before they blow up, lol. This amp will be just fine for those speakers, but make sure you have the correct cable to hook them up, there are a few options on Amazon, and eBay, I have bought several cables and adapters for my DJ company, and I can tell you, it is nice to have the spares on hand just in case. You will need this cable to hook this amp to your ipod, it's a 10 foot long cable, should be just right for your setup, search amazon for this, Hosa CMP159 Stereo Breakout, 3.5 mm TRS to Dual 1/4 in TS, 10-Feet
Depending on the venue. The 1400 watt amp is putting out 700 watts on each channel. I was using a PTA 1400 for 2 1/2 years and the right channel went out. Prior to that amp I purchased a Pyle 1000 watt amp that only lasted 2 years. They work well but do not last. I just purchased a Behringer EP 200 for my new behringer eurolive b215xl 1000w speakers. Haven't used them yet but should do well. I would recommend a mixer to control the audio quality especially if you are using microphones.
You can insert an equalizer between your source and the input of the PTA1400, but remember you will need the correct cables to do so. An equalizer output is likely RCA Phono while the PTA1400 input is a 1/4 inch phone jack. Also keep in mind that the equalizer must be line out (1V max) and not an amplified output. If your equalizer has RCA Phono output connectors then it is likely the correct output. If your equalizer has speaker wire outputs then it is an amplified output and should not be used.
No. It may blow your speakers out and heavy clipping. Here's the solution. Amp and Mixer only from 1000 watts to 1400 watts as your stereo amps range without EQ and turn down your mixer without clipping and adjust your amps channel 1 and 2 volume control on your audio amplifier component. That way it will sound better. Or. Buy a better Amp from 2000 Watts to 10,000 watts comes with bigger speakers to match along with EQ without clipping after making your own audio adjustments on your mixer, EQ and amp avoids from audio clipping.
yes
The PTA1400 has both quarter and XLR input connections. I would recommend getting RCA to quarter.
The best way to do this is to get a a female quarter inch cord and on one end splice the other end and attach the wires to either a or b side of the amp or if you are going to run it bridged take the two spliced wires and connect both to the red terminals. After you do this you will be able to connect any quarter inch speaker cable to the amp. If you are using the amp in a place where you will not move the speakers then go ahead and splice one end of your quarter inch speaker cord and take the two wires and connect them as i stated above. I use this amp with the a side going to two Yamaha 15 inch speakers in series and the other side of the amp to a Yamaha 18 inch bass cabinet. I connect the amp to a crossover then it goes to the eq and up to the mixing board. Good luck with your set up.
To be honest with you I take an old extension cord and use that as my speaker wires. Think about it you need enough gage to get the job done so a nice heavy duty extension cord can be cut and you can put your own quarter inch on one side and then what other type of cable you need on the speaker end.
You can use the Pyle 18 speaker but will not be very loud bass, recommend use equalizer, and you can have a decent sound coming out from it. don't expect crown performance but you'll be amaze that it'll actually drive those 18's. Good luck. I use it as my cheap back up.
if your cabs are 4 ohm your pushing 2250 watts in to them. cranked up. if there 8 ohm your pushing 1125 watts cranked up. you are a little over at 8 ohm. could void the warranty. this would be a judgment call on your part. i wouldn't use 4 ohm ify on the 8 ohm but you got to consider amp is 4500 watt peak cranked all the way ive blown speakers in the past best you go on youtube and learn how to re wrap voice coils its not to hard ive used a screw gun wrapped duct tape around a 1/2 inch hole drill to the size i needed and you need epoxy and acetone. and use the same size wire or one size larger it will handle more watts. hope this helps
i don't know
There is a and b output and input. Although the inputs has a weird design I am not sure that you can put an xlr input where the xlr/quarter inch input on the back. I have always use a quarter inch in and set up female cords for the output to speakers.
10" speakers 600w or15" 250w
Connect the speakers to the amp and then the amp to the controller...
I think it would do the job. We run our main speakers with this amp. Two Peavy triple 8" towers with tweeters. Hope this helps.
all pyle amps are suposed to come with power cord, unless you get a used or restock. if you ever need an extra. you can get one at radio shack. this is a good amp i use it mostley for my mains dual 15" pyle cabs. if i use my dual 21" pyles i use my blue rock pyle 5000w amp
it is 150 per channel if you are operating in stereo
this amp only has screw on wire connection
I power 2 Cerwin Vega speakers that are 600w each and they work fine even at full power...
It has four channels
If your turntable has RCA connectors you can use the Aux connection
yes it would, how many speakers are you running and the ohms, in the directions, it lays out the power.
Please, clarify your question - what type of cable are you interested it. TV Cable or banana type? Thank you
I completely disassembled my amp and used it for a juke box restoration. I installed a preamp for the 45 record portion of it and grounded it to the metal frame of the juke box and used rca jacks to connect to this amp with no problems or hum. Now I also installed an 1/8" input jack so that I could plug in an I pod and that did not work out so well. Lots of hum. I believe this amp uses an isolated ground which is why the rca jacks worked for the preamp but the metal casing on the 1/8" jack for the ipod grounded to the frame did not work. As soon as I replaced it with a plastic cased one the hum went away.
You hook up the subs through the read output using the speaker cable that connects to your sub. Plug in is banana plug for amp and 1/2 inch jack for speaker.
It has 8 speaker inputs for 4 speakers in the rear
I live in the US, and the power cord works. It's a nice product.
I run them with a set of electronic drums and they work fine for the purpose.
it's very light - but tinny in sound. I sent it back. Sam Ash was very good about it. I still have a 'cube' that produces better tone and volume.
I made a mistake...I have two Behringer amps...this is the smaller one....it is only 20 watts and won't do a great job of supporting all that you want to accomplish. I can't see this doing a good job at benig a PA. You may want to look at the Behringer Ultratone K900. This one has the 3 inputs and can support what you are looking for; 85 Watts
It would probably work but didn't have a great sound with the keyboard so I would recommend a better amp.
I'm sorry to say it's a tinny, thin sound nowhere as good as a cube. Back is cardboard. Great size to carry which is why I got it, but tiny speaker worked far better and without distortion than this machine. Good Luck!
I am looking at mine right now and I only see a jack for headphones there is a CD input though..inst. 1 inst. 2 CD input and headphone on panel...works great though!
Yes
Instrument Cable makes it real easy. One plug-in instead of multiple adapters.
Yes
Some what quieter. I always remove mine when back to not being amped. Be mindful to buy the correct hole size.
Should fit all standard sound holes. Does not fit 3/4 or half size Guitars due to the sound hole sizing.
If it is a standard sized guitar..it should fit no problem...if not i I'm unsure
If it's is a full size guitar yes it will, will not fit a jumbo with not fit a 3/4 size will fit a full size guitar so a normal guita Im pretty sure it will fit a Martin
Yes
No idea, BUT(!!!) I did it to fit into my Takimine/Jasmine JUMBO acoustic Bass, for whatever that's worth. It has threads and screws in and is somewhat flexible. Good luck!
The Planet waves is 4 inches in diameter. I use it on the larger hole Gibsons, (J-150) to tight for the J-45. Hope this helps, check with Sweetwater or some other guitar store for their evaluation.
It is 4 inches in diameter. I have it in a 3-7/8" hole, but it would not likely fit a smaller hole. Measure your sound hole and get one no more than an 1/8 of an inch larger.
It is exactly 4 inches diameter. My Fender T-Bucket has a 3 7/8 sound hole and it fits just fine.
The purpose of these is to prevent "back feeding" when an acoustic guitar has a pickup and an amp is being used. And they do help a lot. I don't know why one is necessary unless you just want to reduce the volume. Beware there are different sound hole sizes.
All of the parts of this guitar are made in USA. The assembly takes place in Mexico. This is a wonderful guitar. You'll love it!
Sound quality is very subjective so what you hear may not be what others hear. That said, I can tell you that the Taylor Big Baby puts out the best quality and richness of sound that I have yet to hear in this guitar's price range. I would hazard to guess that you would be well pleased as I am with mine.
Just acoustic.
If you really like the Martin sound, I think you will not necessarily like the Big Baby. The Martin is much heavier in the bass and is is a "fuller" sound all around. The Taylor is more balanced across the range and the bass is probably the weakest element. However, in my mind, compared with the DX1, the Taylor is more playable and responsive, and the sound of the individual strings is more distinct. Also, if the Martin feels too big, you will like the Big Baby. You really need to just play them side-by-side. I think these are both excellent guitars for the money although the Big Baby is probably a little better value and a vey good guitar to learn on.
Slightly smaller than normal guitars but longer neck than the GS Mini. Lighter and more portable than normsl size guitars with a good sound. Be sure to stress in your communicae to the vendor whos shipping it to you that you want non marblized neck and a top thats less engrained since Taylor usses every piece of wood they can find for these lower priced guitars. By marbleized I mean white shades mixed in with the dark wood used for the fretboard. Nice carrying bag. Go to your nearest guitar store first and check it out so you know what to expect or should get.
There should be a serial number on a label inside the guitar. Look through the sound hole you should see it in there. Taylor guitars hold their value if they are in good shape. If you decide to keep it and learn to play you have one of the best guitars made.
The Big Baby isn't unfinished ... it is flat or satin finished ... the Taylor website lists it as "varnish" ... I wouldn't say it would "take more abuse than normal" ... it is a wood guitar a little smaller than standard size ... you will have to take care of it as you would any wooden acoustic ... if you are looking for something more durable than a wood guitar you might investigate composite instruments ... I can say that the Big Baby is a very satisfying guitar in playability and sound ...
No, i think its a good quality guitar which is easy to play and has a great sound. Also, it will retain its value, so, if for some reason you decide guitar is not for you, it will be a lot easier to sell a Taylor. Good luck, and practice, practice, practice!!!
Yes it has a very low action. I've played plenty of guitars, to include a full sized Martin, and the big baby has the lowest action and is the easiest to play
Hardly noticeable. Plus its not like they get in the way.
Yes, the logo is painted in black on every stick
hi, natural wood, wood tip. Nova is just one of the Firth brands.
Each pair is in a cardboard sleeve, yes
The Drum Smith offers free shipping on everything, including these sticks.
It is a marketing thing. It's a "Stick Brick" with wood tips.
Yes it is
Not much,, I personally prefer novas,,
You have to connect one to it with 1/4 inch jack in back of unit.
Like a Karaoke? You can input Instrumentals or Instrument as a Play Back, and just select which of the 8 channels you want to record. You can first record only one instrument, and record other channel while you arte listen the instrument recorded before. You can repeat this procedure several times up to obtain the best results. When finished your creation, you have to Masteries it in order to have an optimum result.
I see a lot of discussion about guitar. Would this machine work to record piano and cello for competition CDs?
Of course it is.I recomend to use a voltage regulator; at least 2000 w,in order to prevent voltage changes.this machine needs good,stady voltage.
Absolutely. Sounds as if though you are in the beginning stages of becoming a DJ. If that's not the case and all you need is a small public address system, then what you have is just fine. First of all you are going to need two "speakon cables" in order to plug into the back of the amp with quarter-inch connectors on the opposite end to plug into the speakers. However; for my personal preference, I've always chosen the "speakon adaptors" and selected standard speaker cable all of which are available at amazon. Check it out. Now if you are planning on DJing then you are going to need some additional equipment, mainly a subwoofer. You are also going to have to up grade to a pair of 15" front speakers . Everything will come into place when you begin to set up. Go over the operator's manual thoroughly and you will be alright . Ask around. GOOD LUCK!!! Recommended subwoofer: SEISMIC-AUDIO-BABY-TREMOR 15" passive. Plenty of bottom. Bought my son one of these and he's very satisfied.
Just forget the 2 wires and daisy chain at the speakers. You only have to use 2 wires correct? connect those to the exsisting speakers and daisy chain off the back in. I would have to see your setup to help more. There are several companies that sell speakon splitters however, just google search "Speakon Splitter" Hope this helps
It should , but I don't have direct experience with it in your configuration. We use it to accept four microphones and one set of speakers.
The PMP 2000 includes a power amplifier. If the impedance of the speakers matches the impedance of the PMP 2000 output you should not have a problem. You can get the PMP 2000 specs online to check whether your HTPC output to the unit and the output to your speakers match. The unit should have enough power to work for you, with power to spare.
Certainly. As a 16 channel power mixer this PMP2000 will provide ample of power (800W) and channels for Karaoke singing and live performances and recording of a full band performances or just a solo or chorus of singers thanks to its built-in power amplifiers and plenty of input and output interfaces. We have great times and many uses of this unit. Its compact sjze, light weight and powerfull amp and effects help make it one of my most favorite mixer.
It has the power built in.
Yes you can. We purchased a pin connector cable with a 1/4 inch adaptor. 1/4 for amp side channel & pin for iPhone or iPod. Purchased those items at radio shack
That is exactly what I use it for. The battery feature is awesome for that. No power no problem. The mic is pretty cheap but does the job. The unit has a surprisingly rich , deep sound. All in all it has done exactly what I bought it for.
Product Dimensions: 23.6 x 12.8 x 13.2 inches ; 36.8 pounds
We used ours for our wedding, the cordless mic works pretty well but for good quality sound I'd use a corded mic as the cordless is not amazing. We haven't had the opportunity to use a guitar with it but the sound from a corded mic is good and there are lots of options for sound.
I have one and it works fine with iPone 4 (and iPhone 5 with an adapter)
Yes, but get a better mic. The one supplied is not that good. Tom
We use it for our Zumba classes in a small gym and outside at our Aqua Zumba classes....Very powerful! Had for over 2 years!
It only says 230V-50hv so I would say no to the 240V.
Yes. I use the Sampson Airline 77 wireless headset mic.
What parts do you need? Tell us in detail.
Absolutely - We run two wireless mikes all the time.
No it does not.
Seat is: 13 1/2 x 22 1/2. leg x-sec = 1 1/4 x 1 1/4. leg length 17 1/2. height to top hard seat under padding = 18 1/2. Dim of leg area 21 x 12 . All in inches
47 cm or 18 1/2 in not counting glide on bottom of legs.
Yes.
No storage, it's too small and not made very well, I would not recommend buying it.
We offer Overnight (business day), 2nd (Business) Day and FedEx Ground shipping methods George. Please choose what's best for you. Thank you.
49 cm
Dear Blake, no it does not. If the threaded part that holds your mic to your mount is gone, this mount will not help you.
According to the MXL website, this is the correct hard mount.
I'm mounting an MXL 990 via XLR plug on mine - seats perfectly - XLR diameter is 3/4" - opening on mount bottom is 7/8" - hope that helps - bssdguy
Yes this works perfectly for MXL 990, the thing is it actually came with my 990 but I never saw it inside the case all that time and ordered another from Amazon, but was still needed as 1 of my brothers brought the 990 and never got the mount with his, so I never lost out. Now you've got the mount make sure you order the MXL WS-002 foam mic cover for the 990 which is at a brilliant price on Amazon.com with delivery. Hoped this helped.
NO! Do not rely on that, I tried, but it did NOT fit AT2020.
I'm not sure. The inside diameter at the widest part is 1 5/8", the smallest diameter is 1 1/8" (inside) and the depth of the mount, measured from the outside is 11/16". I hope this helps!
In terms of the overall desktop footprint of the monitors? They're only maybe 5x7 dimensions and about 7" deep or so, not that big, a bit of weight to them, few pounds, but I would say they're ideal for an all in one, laptop, etc., as long as you have some kind of small desk to put them on. I have a basic PC desk, not gigantic, but it has an upper shelf above the main desk, so I put them right up there at ear level or so, and that seems to be ideal for me. But I would say these monitors are ideal for any basic PC or small computer setup. Plus they're USB so I would imagine you could even plug 'em into an Ipad or whatever and they should be fine, as well.
Dear Billy: Ok, these M1s come with the USB cable, power adaptor, and interconnect for the left/right speakers and that's it. You do have RCA inputs on back, one pair, plus one pair of line-levels, and one 1/8" input, but they don't come with separate RCA cables, those you would have to supply yourself, easily obtained online or Radio Shack or whatever. But yeah, it comes with your basic USB cable and it's an absurdly easy setup for basic usage. These speakers are phenomenal as far as I'm concerned, they're definitely a lot better quality and sounding than I was even expecting them to be.
they are self powered.
yes they do
I've used these on two different basic HP laptops/notebooks, and never had any issues using these monitors as long as your basic audio drivers are up to date. They don't require any intrinsic interface themselves, self-powered, so they should operate no matter what interface you're using on your PC or whatever, you should be able to just select them or assign as default speakers, etc. With recording software I know it sometimes gets a bit tricky and you gotta make sure that application is assigning the speakers the way you need to use them, otherwise, I wouldn't think you would have any issues with these. Also has RCA and mini jack inputs on rear so you can always plug other devices/outboard amps into these and use them that way, if you like. The only issue I've had was the headphone jack got a bit loose over time, but I just use the notebook one and it's fine. If you can afford really high-end monitors (Yamaha etc.) by all means get 'em, but if not, I think these are really quite good for the money. Plus they don't take up much room and they sound pretty darned good and the bass-boost feature is really cool as well.
You must only use one input at a time but if you connect them to an interface you can record the output of the interface through the speakers as well
No, you just need the USB cable.
Yes
No
NO. A friend had a different speakers from a different manufacture that when he hooked them up to his computer he had it made some noises. He moved the speakers a way from the computer it work excellent. Hope this works for you.
There are several holes around the edge of the lip for mounting. I don't remember if it's 3 or 4. On the US version, there is a short 2 wire cord with a 2 prong flat parallel blade edison plug on the end. (that's your basic standard US household plug.) There are two speeds. On... and Off. There is no switch. You plug it in and it goes. It's super easy to install. Here's a better picture. http://tinyurl.com/l2olfsp
Yes, depending on the weight of the fake gear, I don't see why not. The only issue that could arise would be that the motor is meant to mount horizontally, and mounting it vertically may put more stress on it. But if the gear is lightweight, I doubt it would be a problem.
Approximately 4 feet with a three-prong plug.
It's only about 15 to 16" long. I had the electrician install a place to plug it into in the ceiling near the ball. It works great and operates on its own on and off switch
Yes, it plugs into 120V outlet.
if you mean the little metal tube piece that the hook goes thru? it's about the same diameter as a disposable/Bic ballpoint pen...hope that helps...I can't really reach it/get to it to measure just eyeballing it!! :)
Sorry I have no idea. I gave it as a birthday present.
That's not a very clear question. Do you mean looking down as if you were above it when it's mounted or at the hook? I'll say if you're looking at the hook side, then it spins clockwise.
Yes. Best keyboard I've owned if you're using Logic Pro or reason on a Mac. No issues at all. Well worth the investment.
it don't . and don't let M-audio tell you different . Ive seen post about the issiue in there forum and they say simple thing like plug it in or make sure its turned on then they lock the topic or complaint saying the issuie has been fixed .. I have my sitting next to me collecting dust
Yes
I don't use any of those programs but I can say it has worked with everything I have used so far. The problems I have seen usually are in the setting up where you add what you want as input. Once set you should have no problems.
This keyboard is USB compatible. It plugs directly into your computer. My best advise would be to go M-Audio's website and read what software programs it works with.
Yes
Yea I've used it on one before.
No. It works only when connected to a computer. In fact, it can only be powered through a computer and it doesn't have a headphone output. Think of it as a regular keyboard... you wouldn't be able to type words if it wasn't connected to a computer.
Yes
Yes
They are not velvet covered, but they have a flocked velvet-like finish so they don't scratch the inside walls of your flute, clarinet, etc.
I use the clarinet/flute peg with my Rigoutat Riec and it works quite well.
Dear Kathryn: I have returned the stand to Amazon. If memory serves, my stand had 3 holes with the same size threads in all of them, but since I cannot be sure I do not want to mislead you. My stand had two flute pegs, which would serve for two clarinets, and then presumably you could bring your other clarinet peg, and put it in the piccolo spot. A clarinet player friend of my tried the stand and liked it. I would say the larger pegs are more compatible with the clarinet than with the flute, which as you can see, i highly recommend against using with the flute.
It *can*, but I wouldnt. The peg is too narrow, and the flute wobbles. Having said that, the base is heavy enough to keep it upright, but the wobbling makes me uncomfortable. It'd be too distracting to have on stage or in a pit with me. Someone else might be able to suggest a different peg; most (all?) Hercules pegs are interchangeable.
Yes. The diameter of the larger pegs is sufficiently thick to keep a flute stable, with or without a b foot's added length. The smaller peg is really only useful for a piccolo.
The flute and the alto flute seem to have the same foot joint, however the length and shape of the alto flute might necessitate a longer neck on the stand in order to accommodate balance problems. Hope this helps.
My stand came with a piccolo peg, a flute peg and a clarinet peg, none of which will exactly fit an alto flute. Hercules makes a variety of pegs and they can be mixed and matched as desired; however, I don't know if an alto flute peg is available.
Yes, all 3 pegs can be attached or detached...they're separate. The stand is VERY sturdy...you won't need to worry about the stand being unbalanced. The "clarinet" peg is actually the same as the flute peg (there are 2 flute/clarinet pegs and a piccolo peg).
One peg is very thin (flute, piccolo, Eb clarinet). The other 2 are standard size (Bb, A Clarinet). I am guessing a couple of trumpets could go on the larger pegs.
I was never able to overdub nor edit. Great unit for recording, but not for editing.
you need a mixer .. the mic to to mixer ,then mixer go to ls10.. good luck
Depends on which software you are using.
there is a bar that bounces back and forth as you speak showing db levels. This item has been upgraded to LS 12 and LS 14, and the 14 has a better microphone if you are using it for music
Do not buy this product. It has a system error which will make your recorded files unaccessible. Olympus will never honor that warranty.
It appears to be just the newer version. My LS10 still works like a champ so I really haven't been looking at an upgrade. It look like the LS14 has a lot of new features, ergo, etc... Good luck.
The pouch does not have a belt loop, and it is just a cloth material pouch. I carry it in a brief case and put it in one of those inexpensive plastic pencil cases. If you are planning to turn it on while it is on your belt as "black box" recorder, then there is the risk you will accidentally bump the off button. It has been a good product and I am very satisfied with it, but I don't really like the passive device to record telephone calls as it gets uncomfortable in your ear on long phone calls. I also recommend purchasing the electric adapter as hand held devices do seem to suck up a lot of battery power.
This microphone works perfectly with Win. 8.1. That is what I run on my gaming rig, and this mic gives perfect voice quality to my YouTube videos. I don't think this mic really cares about your OS, since it has no drivers to install. It's just plug and play!
Yes, it can be placed on a desk for dictation. For superior recording quality, speak clearly and have suitable sound-absorbing material stop sound from bouncing around your recording space.
The actual output is a Mini-A USB plug. The Blues comes with a 1-meter Mini-A to Type A cable which fits nicely in the case. If you need a longer cable, they're pretty cheap.
I've used this mic for a podcast, and it handles a speaking voice just fine. For instrumentals, I've had more success with the Blue Yeti.
I used it with a computer and it is connected via a USB port. Do they have a USB port on an iPad? It only came with one cord which is the USB.
On the box it came it it says there is a 2 year warranty if "purchased by an authorized dealer."
I haven't tried it with the program you are talking about. But if the program allows you to use the dictation with any headset, or even built in microphone (if you have a laptop etc...) than it should work. This device functions as a regular microphone, it takes over the control of any microphone input. This being said it should work. The microphone is very nice, small, and convenient for skype as well because it gives a clear sound. Plus, in the event that it doesn't work, the microphone is inexpensive and can be returned. Hope this helps.
I do believe so! It has very crisp, clear sound recording for it's price, for sure. I'd also buy a windscreen (pop filter) to ease out the harsh "P's" and "S's", as well as minimizing wind and other faint background noise. I bought one of these, then cut out a small hole on the face to make room for the USB to fit through~ http://www.amazon.com/Stage-Foam-Ball-Type-Windscreen-Black/dp/B0002GXF8Q/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&qid=1406898950&sr=8-2&keywords=microphone+windscreen
This microphone would work perfectly fine for that. What you will want to do, however, is download a free program called Audacity. Audacity will let you record your voice through the mic, and will allow you to export the audio file with any name into a massive variety of formats from .mp3 to WAV file types once you have recorded what you want.
This is a USB microphone that doesn't require any drivers, so it should work with pretty much any device with a USB port, including most Chromebooks. I'm sure you can Google it and find out for sure, but I cannot think of a reason that it wouldn't work with Chrome OS. I'm going to be honest, however. I absolutely love my Snowflake, but if you are looking for a microphone just for, say, video chatting on Google Hangouts, this probably isn't your best option. I'm sure you can find a cheaper USB microphone that will work perfectly I'm that setting. I hope this helps!
no that's all it comes with, I have bought 2 of them and neither one lasted over 3 months
Batteries required
Yes
It's close to 12"
no 3 pin regular xlr connection
Xlr
Yes it does.
No it won't. I bought this case for a BC Rich Warlock and it is WAAAAAY to small. The only thing that actually fit in this case was my Fender Squire, and it a tight fit to say the lest. Good Luck contacting the company to find one that will fit, the phone number just rings and they don't return e-mails. I ended up getting a used one on e-bay since BC Rich and coffin case severed ties a few years back. And in case you still care the interior is red.
no don't get it It doesn't fit mine and I'm stuck with it with nothing to put in it It is very nice but so small
No. When I bought the case, I thought it would fit any guitar, including a bass. Nope, no such luck.
No, it's demotions are roughly 40".
Sure but the height cannot be adjusted on a table unless you use books or bricks, etc.
sorry, I don't know
The answer is no. This fixture is a stand alone light set it and forget it. It does offer sound active and I do recommend that choice.
No. It has a slide switch on the back that lets you select from 115V or 230V.
Yes
Yes it does come with a power cord, it's about 2 feet long. Hope that helps.
I really do not know
Super quiet.
No
Hmmm, I suppose that would work, as long as there was enough foliage for it to cast light on.
Designed to fit 22" x 18" bass; 12" x 10" and 13" x 11" toms; 16" x 16" floor tom; and 5-1/2" x 14" snare.
These cases are nylon inside and canvas-like fabric outside, so I assume they could be machine washed on delicate. I've never had the desire to wash them, so I can't tell you from experience. I've always been happy with them.
They are reasonably padded, if you drop the case the drums won't be damaged. They aren't super padded, but will protect your drums in transport.
Probably. I don't know the EXACT dimensions of the cases, but, my very standard Pearl 5-piece fits fine.
Anything bigger than the dimensions of the bags and it won't happen. My drums are the exact sizes and its a very snug fit in each bag. If they're smaller, they'll work fine.
Top and bottom on ly
Yes it will I have both fits fine
Sorry, I have no idea. These cases I bought for my son.
Yes It will. I have a tama rock star kit and my bass is 1822 . Hope.that helps
Yes my husband have a ray ellis set all the drums fit
No it doesn't.
yes. Put guitar 1 on ch 1, guitar 2 on ch 2 and bass on ch3. Ch 3 lacks Eq but can be balanced with the other two channels easily
Yes, either input or output
Definitely yes. Although inexpensive its input & outputs are of very high quality.
This inexpensive but high quality mixer is fully analog. It does not provide any computer output to interface with. For Adobe Audition you just need either A) USB microphone or B) analog mike (dynamic/condenser) connected to an external sound card.
I haven't noticed a problem with it yet. I've had it now for over a year. It serves its purpose for me as a monitor/speaker controller for video editing well enough.
The mixer is to be used with a main amplifier. The mixer cannot drive the speakers directly. BTW when you connect the amp to the speakers check for the minimum load / impedance to make sure it will drive 4 ohm speakers.
Get a different model with a USB connection.
These two inputs share circuitry with mic preamps and do offer adjustable gain settings. They will accept both stereo an mono inputs depending on 1/4" connectors used.
I don't think so, nameplate on transformer states "120" volts.
I think it most likely will. I purchased it for my Crosley CR6249A (mine does not have the -TA) and it works fine. I'm just not sure how different the -TA makes yours.
I do not have an answer to the question.
No it will not fit.
Sure, it works for that module!!
Sureee!!
I only know I bought my needle through Amazon. However, I do not use 78 rpm and don't have a separate needle for them.
I'm not sure. Check the documentation closely before purchasing.
good luck getting an answer from MY Needle Store. I have tried to get a phone number to actually speak to a human. Supposedly they are in Canada, but by the emails I get from them it looks like English is not their first language. I cannot get them to answer as to which needle my Crosley actually takes, since the one they sent is not correct.
your best bet would be to check with Crosley, as they know what needle works best with the different units. My unit is a different number.
no, i believe you need an np-1 style replacement needle for your cr42, however i can't be positively sure. it's best to take your stylus to a reputable dealer, they should be able to match it for you. this needle is used on models cr245, cr246 andcr249. hope that helps.
Actually it is more practical than using as portible sound because they are not the most well made product, however if you hook up a nice amp to them you can actually get a good clean sound out of them. I'd recommend them for the price.
I've used it for several outdoors events. And it has put out enough joice for wedding receptions, etc. My speaker did however have some low quality wood inside that crumbled. It was easy to fix. But I had to pop open the cabinet and replace the wood.
As Michael said then you cannot hook the speaker up directly from your "Laptop To Speaker" But all you have to do is have a receiver or an amplifier as well. It would work like this "Laptop To Receiver To Speaker" ... in this case, you just get a cable like this (http://www.amazon.com/Belkin-Audio-Cable-12-foot/dp/B000067RBT/ref=pd_bxgy_e_img_y) which connects your Laptop to Receiver. and then you use normal speaker wire from Receiver To Speaker It is the came setup as mentioned above if you use an amplifier use a receiver if you want to also be able to listen to FM/AM radio, and plan to hookup more things like a DVD Player, TV etc. it gives you more options to hookup more things, but it usually gives out less Watts. You still would be able to get a good sound out of the speaker this way. Use an amplifier if you just plan to hookup only your laptop. An amplifier gives less options of hookup many things, but it usually gives out a lot more Watts, so you would get more power/base/sound of your speaker. (one like this would make it kick ass, but less can do it as well (http://www.amazon.com/Pyle-PPA450-Channel-Mount-Amplifier/dp/B0010KAJKU/ref=pd_sim_e_30) Hope it helps :-)
I payed a little under 200 bucks for 2 speakers! they are about 4 feet tall by a foot and a half each! Great sound!!
no pole holders but do come with casters.
Yes. Like an idiot I thought they could work with my interface but it didn't have enough power to push the speakers.
they both can be what you want them to be. Left and Right or daisy chained.
Yes just use the threaded binding post terminals on our speakers they are also Red and Black
Yep
It comes with two speakers.
Hi James they are around 5 ft they have wheels I opted not to install them
Well these speakers don't have the spot on the bottom to take a stand, but mine came with heavy duty casting wheels. If you did want to put them up on a stand I would use a stand that can support up to 100lbs, these speakers are semi light, weighing in at 77lbs.
I would say 7 or 8. Not much bass but with a good sub it's worth the money.
I'm using a Crown XLS 2500
Yea it would, although I think an 800 Watt amp would do the trick as well. The 2000 Watt rating is its peak rating. It's more like a 1000 Watt continuous amp.
puedes enviarla a cualquier lugar del mundo via ups o fedex..y puedes comprarlas aki mismo en amazon por internet..
Yes, a DJ power amp and a mixer
yes you need it..this is not powered speakers powered mixer o a amplifier most use
I would get an amp that delivers. These are no joke unlike what I thought. Not top of the line but not to be set to the side either. I don't recommend the pyramid eq. But I do recommend the pole 4000 watt dual channel amp. They work well together for the price of each
I am using a pyle PWMA3003T Hybrid amp, this amp supports 8,4,2 OHM. This amp works very well with these speakers, loud, clar, and will not over power speaker.
All laminate. 11.5/53's on mine when I bought it last year.
it said 38 inches on the description when i bought it. That sounds about right. Its the regular size if thats what you were wondering.
Mine did
I don't know the exact distance, but it seems like it's that of a standard guitar
I would say yes. It's a little big so a 7yo might need a strap to hold it. We bought it for my 11 yo daughter and she loves it.
Yes
Very few classical guitar strings come with ball ends, and they say so when they do. EJ-45 are the main string I use - tried and true, not expensive, highly recommended.
Yes, they are.
3 full sets. 6 strings in each set. You can change all strings on your guitar 3 times!
If the technique of the player is correct, it requires more right hand finger power and will project more, it is not just a tonal thing. Speed of note playing is faster and the left hand hammer/pull offs are easier to execute with more volume. Some of my instruments have High Tension and some have Extra High Tension and some I use the Titanium for broadened tone and projection.
sofi, Yes!
E-6 is the thickest silverplated wound string that goes at the top of the bridge.
No, it doesnt. Just microphone.
Cord comes with but is detachable.
Hi Candia love to help. Any more info you can give? I use it at my church.
The difference is that the JBL is geared to receive sound at the level that a headphone jack would output, not what would be received by a dynamic microphone which is much lower. It doesn't have the internal equipment to amplify that signal. Sorry :(
I don't think it will ever work right on any Windows NT based versions of Windows due to Win16 VB library dependencies since WinNT is pure Win32/Win64 core code (in other words even with MS ACT some stuff may never work right due to unresolved Win16 dependencies...).
No, this is Windows version, Microsoft also made Macintosh version.
Yes. I have it running on Vista Business. It will appear windowed as the resolution of modern screens is higher than the original program intended, but it can be mostly full screened.
Should work, I bought one for my grand daughter who is small and was 10 at the time. Perfect fit. Although she has not pursued it like I hoped.
I'm not exactly sure of the size, but it's a normal size guitar. I bought it for my granddaughter and was really surprised it is better quality than it looks. She still has it and can take lessons with it.
No. They're all metal. It's not a classical acoustic.
It's just slightly smaller than a regular full body acoustic. It's not a child's toy, but it's not a full size guitar either.
I can't really recall but I'm almost certain it didn't. I would pick up a pack anyhow because they're cheap and you lose them ALL the time.
A 3/4 case would work fine. It is not tiny, but it is much smaller than a full siza
I don't believe it does. I looked at a picture I took of it and I see no attachment on the top end of the body. However you can buy hardware to attach a strap for really cheap. All you need to do is mount two pegs onto the body.
I purchased this guitar as a gift and do not know the specifics. I gave it to a six year old girl and she loved it!
I don't know. Mine works through the recording software.
How do you mean?
Sorry, never done it.
Go to &lt;Apple menu&gt; / System Preferences / Sound, and choose "AudioBox USB" for the Input and Output. That will set the default input/output for recording/playback software (e.g. Garageband, Audacity) to be the AudioBox USB. Note that many audio apps allow you to override the default audio input/output with preferences within the app itself.
Not sure if that's a question or statement... Anyway, two things I've noticed using this device for a long time now. You must use the USB cable that came with it (or one IDENTICAL to it). I've used cables that fit and get terrible results. Second, check that your microphone cable and microphone are in working order. Hope this helps.
Yeah. In fact the support team it's pretty nice. Here is the link to the driver http://www.presonus.com/products/AudioBox-USB/downloads But you must be very careful and follow the instructions before doing anything.
Bad XLR cable probably
Output as well as power. The only mixer I use with mine is in my DAW.
I believe it has a USB cable and that is it. If you are going to record direct guitars or bass, save your money and get the focusrite scarlett 2i4. It was night and day difference with latancy and actually being able to record my guitars with the volume turned up and not like on 2 just so i wouldn't clip. If someone told me 2 years ago what I'm telling you now. Life would be a whole lot different, well my music recording would be anyway.
I do believe that this would be compatible with your processor. As far as the scarlet, I am unsure if it would be better or not. I do know that the built in preamp in the PreSonus is extremely well designed. I've been using this for over three years and vocals are very nice and very accurately reproduced. Good luck with your decision either way.
No
Yes, Pro Tools or Audition should be fine
Yes, with a USB adaptor
I don't think so. It is tight for my Les Paul.
No comprendo....
I don't think so. This fits a les Paul style guitar. If your dreadnaught is more than about 2" thick it won't fit in this case.
I would not think so, but as I do not own a PRS Custom 24, I can't say definitively. I can tell you that the interior is designed to fit a LP-shaped guitar quite snugly, and the PRS is not an LP-shaped guitar, as far as I know.
I'm not sure, but I do know that I would probably opt to use the money you are spending on the case to buy a higher quality guitar instead. It doesn't make sense to spend almost as much on a case as your guitar in the first place.
Yes it will. Happens to be the guitar I have. Fits very well.
I don't understand what you are asking. You buy the case. If you own a Les-Paul-style guitar, you can put that guitar inside this case. However, this is a terrible case, so don't buy it.
Not sure it's supposed to or not, but the edges on my ones certainly don't meet in plenty of places. You can see through to the guitar... These cases are most definitely NOT flight-worthy cases, but they're okay for storage and the occasional checked-baggage flight (so long as it's not a US airline...).
The tuners do not reach the bottom of the case, as the neck is well-supported before it hits the headstock. I'm not sure about how well a Bigsby equipped LP would fit in there; it is a pretty snug fit to the bottom of the LP body. I don't own a guitar fitted with a Bigsby, so can't even really estimate by adding a bit to the thickness of the existing bridge to estimate the fit.
I fit a Gibson ES-137 inside no problem. It should be fine with an ES-135. Although I believe SKB make a case for the 135.
The item is made to fix any Jumbo acoustic guitar, I have a Takamine EG523 and fix like a glove. Use that to compare. Is a great case by the way.
Call SBK in Orange, CA. They can tell you if it will fit.
No this would not. This case is for roundback guitars, this case is more fitting for Ovation guitars.
I have the jumbo body six string and it fits very well. I can check to see if there might be extra headstock room if that would be helpful.
I bought this for my husband for Christmas who has a full size accustic Fender guitar and it fits perfectly. That molded closure clamps are great. We have great friens who the man has played guotar for a long time and he lpves it too. So if your is just a full size accustic guitar then absolutely yes!
I have a Boulder Creek jumbo in it. Check dimensions on their website.
When you buy a new unopened unit from an authorized dealer it includes a measurement microphone. It does not include a mic cable so have one handy.
Yes. That's pretty much exactly what it's designed for.
Yes it does. It also come with a little stand, so you could put the mic between the speaker when you are performing auto eq.
That's what I'm doing, and it works great. The only feature that will be useless in that scenario is the library of known speakers, but you'll be perfectly fine without it.
Yes, you can use the reference mic to pink noise your system.
4 outputs left and right for subwoofer left and right high end
Yes, it does. It comes with a line for regular speakers & a line for subwoofers.
Yes, you can connect either a single subwoofer in mono mode, or a pair of subwoofers in stereo mode.
16-10-2 7lb
DriveRack does not produce power. You need a power amp.
No, this doesn't come with pop filter and I don't think a 'poop' filter would exist ^_^
Yes you can. I have my personal one mounted on a boom stand. Which works for me
It is a standard 3.5" audio jack input
Most likely, but if I were you I'd try to be certain by looking at the spec's/literature about your particular mixer to make sure that it can accept an incoming signal from a USB microphone.
It has an analog (no delay) headphone jack. I haven't tried listening through a DAW while recording - Just off of its own monitor jack. It's very clean, b.t.w.
i have no idea but a brand new one sounds great i have one and i love it
I doubt it. There's no other connection on it other than for a USB cable. This is strictly a digital microphone and an XLR cable is for analog microphones so I doubt if there is even any kind of adapter for this.
I think it probably won't work like that. There is music interface/adapter for ipad, but it only take 6.3mm jack as input so it could be connected to musical instruments and mic as well. If you plan to connect your G - track, it might work after you convert it's input to regular jack (I've seen such adapter sold somewhere). IMHO & CMIIW :)
It is Samson G Track USB Microphone.
I don't know anything about ukuleles, but this is a fine general purpose microphone. It should work very well all by itself.
Yes you can but you will still need sarato audio interface, no getting around that., but on the cool side you will be able to used the Behringermixer as a midi controller for sarato efx. . Hope this helps
Of course, all the outputs are universal.
Just a trial version
Yes you can, whatever you are using As a MIDI you may need to go online and find the mapping for it, or you can map whatever the media is yourself, Google should be a great help on step by step setup
I have used at least 30 seconds of the sampler myself. not sure of the limit.
I used the M-Audio cable, works the best. Just remember that the mixer doesn't have a sound card, it's midi control only. I recommend the Numark idjo sound card if you're using the computer for 2-deck mixing or the M-Audio 4 channel sound card for 4 deck mixing.
Yes and it will only pass the low frequencies to that speaker, just dont push it too much cause a little nudge on the volume knob is a big difference and could cause distortion
audio interface? are you using tt or cdjs either way your serato is the interface everything connects out of serato into mixer then to an amp or powered speakers
Yes. The crossfader has options to switch to the kind of curve settings you want. Its a good mixer. Moreover the faders are smooth like butter since its a fully digital midi enabled mixer.
Yes
It should not give you any trouble tuning a bass. I don't personally play bass but as long as it is first in your chain it should handle a bass just fine as Korg advertises it as a guitar/bass tuner. I hope that helps.
I use a visual sound one spot to power my whole board, including this pedal.
No
Yes, great product.
I don't see why it wouldn't. I haven't tested it with a 12-string, though.
It means that this tuner can tune 12 tones instead of the standard guitar tuner, that usually tunes 6. So you can use this tuner on a bass and other instruments as well. its really good at doing super low tunings for those who drop tune or play baritone.
I have a seven string that I occasionally tuned a whole step down and it works perfectly fine
(1.) The pitch black is not an acoustic tuner - meaning, it does not have a mic. You must connect to the Pitch Black via 1/4" cable. (2.) On-Stage effectiveness has a lot to do with how sensitive the violin pickup (Magnetic, Piezo, Mic) is to interference from other instruments playing on stage while you are tuning your violin. I suggest you buy the Pitch Back from somebody with an extended return policy so you can give it a thorough test. Aside from the question of possible interference from other instruments on stage, I expect the Pitch Black will work very well for you.
Yes it does, just did it few minutes ago
The pitchblack is not going to work well. You really need a tuner that displays frequency in Hz. And you might need to know a little something about equal temperament to get the best results. http://howtotuneapiano.com/blog/tuning-a-piano-with-an-electronic-tuner/
Yes, you'll just need a firewire to thunderbolt adaptor
It says it is. It worked great on my Mac running the latest OS and all my software, which doesn't include Pro Tools.
I record everything in 192. You will need softwear that records it. I use SoundTrack Pro. i used presonus at 96 and love 192. I save the file in 96 and reopen it in 192 without much loss. I usually digitally edit in 192. Clipping sounds like too much level, give it some headroom or use limiter at zero db.
Not sure about win7. I gave up and went MacOsX. And it works like a charm. No hitches. Install software/drivers and you have a choice of FireWire/thunderbolt. I like it a lot
My unit is marked as 100-240V AC. So both should work.
Yes.
I believe this was the most up to date unit, they have been around a while and I wasnt aware that there was a newer version for maybe quite some years? Don't know for sure though, I suspect the price drop (as well as the price drop on the G-system) that has occurred fairly recently is a sign that they may be poised to release some new models? but have searched and found nothing on this subject. This was a nice unit though!
The nova system has really high quality effects and analog distortion. The line 6 might have some more features but I really like my nova system
Not gonna sound as good as an amp. But it could work.
The suppression works well on the unit, just takes some time to fine tune it. If you're going to run an OD through the front I strongly suggest just getting a Decimator for convenience and no headaches. I really love my Nova in the effects loop, and only like it when it's ran through the front. It's worth every penny man. Just don't get over whelmed, there is one heck of a learning curve.
Global. But relatively easy to turn off and on
From what I know. TC no longer makes the nova system with the spdif I/O. The older nova systems have them. I bought mine in 2010. If you need that feature try to find one on ebay or reverb.com.
Hi, yes it works for 110 and also 220. Thanks.
The Nova System does not include any expression pedal, but any exp pedal with a linear pot with an impedance comprised between 25 and 50 KOhm will work. Ive tested it with a Boss FV-300L with no issues.
This is the XLR version (as Matthew pointed out, the USB version says it in the title). I haven't had any problems of hissing or background noise with this mic, the internal noise of the mic is actually superb. In Matthew's case, maybe it could be a defective mic (that should be exchanged under warranty), or a poor quality or damaged pre-amp, which is often the case.
You can use any shockmount with threads to mount the mic on.
You need an audio interface with Phanthom power to connect this Microphone to your computer
No, this is a XLR 3 pin condenser microphone that needs phantom power from a professional mixer.
It is just a normal shockmount, clip not basket style. The microphone is really good for the price. Good Luck!!
The stand adapter that comes with the microphone, fits regular mic stand. It is adjustable about 90 degrees with plastic wing tightener to keep vertical.
Wound.
What tone do you want to achieve, or what style will you mostly be playing? Are you looking to achieve a mellow tone. May not be suitable for rock. May want to consider Thomastik nickel wound (bebop) for a solid body. Most players do not use smooth wound on a solid body. I used Daddario half wounds on a fender solid.Liked the sound. May want to try the Daddario half wounds. If you like the feel and tone then you could move on to the Thomastik on your next set. Personally, I would stay away from putting expensive flat wounds on a solid body.
I believe they will fit with no problem, but these are designed for use on jazz arch tops and may not sound good on a flattop guitar. Because to the greater mass and tensions needed to move the arch top , they could possibly do damage to a flat top. So if you do it, watch for bridge separation and top warping. Great strings on a jazz box.
I have this Mandolin and it has 8 strings.
The company's name is "Kansas" but I discovered after it was shipped that it's made in China; don't know the specific factory.
Yes. It's tuned like the four treble guitar strings, or like a ukulele, so chording is similar. Frets are a little small for my Big Hammy Fingers, though ;-)
There are a few good videos on YouTube 're: tuning and setting bridge. I really had to crank on the bottom (high note) strings to tune.
It does not.
I own this - it's 8 strings. Four sets of double strings.
It looks laminate, I looked at it and it looks like 3 layers to me
I dont Know. I brought regular strings for mandolin.
I haven't tried the Rogue. I can affirm that the Kansas Mandolin, to me, is a good value. (Sorry for this, probably, too late response. Just saw this old e-mail while I was cleaning out my mailbox.) Note that I'm not a mandolin "player", I'm a guitar player, but, for me the Kansas seems like a decent instrument, especially for the money.
3 of each with a total of 18
Martin has a funny way of packaging their strings. Each string envelope has 2 strings inside instead of 1, but 3 sets of strings means 3 complete sets totaling 18 strings.
80% copper, 20% zinc in the bronze winding.
"wholesale?"
Yes, the will work.
Yep!
I think the type of sound you get is more influenced by the guitar and not as much by the strings. Most Martin guitars will sound brighter and be weaker in the lower strings while Gibson and high end Epiphones will be stronger in bass tones and weaker in high tones. That being said these are great quality strings at a good price and I change strings often. There are better string out there but not so much better to command that much higher of a price.
There was no cable with my purchase of the AKG 170 - There was a carrying case and a microphone holder to mount it onto a mic stand and that was it.
Short answer - no. It is a standard pencil mic. You can get generic noise isolation mounts which allow for near infinite positioning.
Hi because it is P170, best Pedro
I have only used for reconding musical instruments. And it is really good.
It's sort of a blue-ish silver.
YES - I purchased mine about 2 years ago and the holder was with it. Great mic by the way.
Yes it does! And I believe 44v
the product comes in a nice little carrying case. Inside the case is the mic itself and a shock mount to use to attach the mic to a mic stand. There is also a small manual with some stats and user instructions.
that's one way BUT to make it more simple you could by a usb preamp with phantom power like the "Avid MBox 3" or the "Lexicon Lambda" i would recommend the mbox though. the lambda volume isnt that high but it may be cheaper and you would probably need a xlr splitter cable to get stereo quality sound.
It does not come with a microphone cable. You will need to purchase this separately.
It's designed in Germany and made in China.
Not sure why you would want to do that. There are many settings on your mixer and recording software. Did you use a pre-amp? This microphone is designed to compress vocals, but you can adjust how much compression by the settings on the fornt of the microphone. I used the neutral setting ( - ) and zero ( 0 ) for all my clean vocals, my screams, and my harmonies. You can check out what my band Soundstill recorded by visiting www.soundstillband.com and listen to all songs from album "Before The Sunset Ends". Thanks!
You can plug directly into the preamp (using xlr cable). I plug the mic into an Event preamp, and the preamp into the recorder. Very simple.
Yes it does require phantom power. I'm pretty sure all condensers do. Regular xlr cables work. The power comes from your mixer or recorder.
The mic requires 48v phantom power (most condensers do) so unfortunately won't work the way you described. For plugging straight into 1/4", try a dynamic mic.
an XLR CABLE
Yes it does, fully fitted with a foam lining, plastic mic cover, and a suspension mount.
They are removable, but moving them after already adhered will require adhering them again. The adhesive is very delicate and hasn't had any effect on the wood in my opinion. I've moved mine around a few times, and I haven't had any issues cosmetically.
This pickup works well on a mountain dulcimer. The sound is clear and bright, not artificial. You may need to experiment a bit with the placement of the pickups for best results, as each instrument is different, but the "normal" locations for the sensors are on either side of the bridge (bass side and treble side). There is enough double-sided adhesive included to reattach the sensors multiple times, and we have extra adhesive available if needed.
It works well for gigging with my Celtic Harp and large pedal harps. With the use of a separate EQ device I can get a pretty nice sound. Of course I wouldn't use it for recording. But I set all my harps up with this. I'm sure guitarists have pick ups that might give you an easier set up . But I also bring this along for other classical players who are not used to amplifying.
Its fantastic but id suggest getting some type of preamp
I have two K&K's mounted on Weissenborns. I've found K&K customer service most helpful in mounting questions..
K&K recommends their "Big Twin" system for the cello. It appears to be similar to this, but I believe the transducers are larger in diameter. The transducers will be placed, on under each outside bridge foot. The transducers are thin enough that playability should not be affected at all.
It does not require one, but I would recommend it to get a fuller sound. Hope that helps
You could google search to possibly find some or contact Behringer directly for support.
It really depends upon your application. Best is to read the manual.
You can not it is either on or off. If your mic does not require phantom power it will not draw it.
Bridge mode is when the power of two amps is combined for one mono output.
You can plug in anything with a stereo output or plug in a guiar or bass and use one of the inputs.
Yes. The "monitor out" isn't powered, so you'll need to either have a power amp for monitors, or use powered speakers.
You should be able to to send your midi to it. Honestly I am not 100% sure on the foot pedal, but I would say you can hook it up. Hope I helped.
Yes
The best what? The best physical interface to use if you're making beats? That's kind of relative. I totally recommend hitting guitar center or Sam Ashe and playing around with what they have to see what feels right for you. Hell, you don't NEED one of these to make beats. I know Skrillex has said in interviews that he's comfortable with his mouse and plotting his drums that way. I don't know if he still does but there's that. Ultimately findingthe method that feels right for you and practicing unti you've got a feel for workflow.
It comes with ableton live lite. Not the best but it'll do.
I got this for my boyfriend and he absolutely loves it. I know he uses logic but not sure if it is logic x.
Yes, it comes with a USB cable and software disc. AC adapter sold separately, MIDI adapters are also sold separately.
No drum kits are included, if by interface you mean compatible programs then yes. The list off programs it works with is the usual suspects.
The mpd32 is only a midi controller. It will control midi information. It's connected to your computer via USB. Then you can use it with whatever music program you have. It doesn't come with any sound. You'll have to look into the MPCs. The premise of the MPD, is to control whatever sounds inside your music software. It gels we'll with REASON, which is my program of choice. Hope this helps. Check out my website for tutorials. www.AOSbeats.com
The pads work but the knobs and faders don't. Google your question and you'll see what I mean. Dj Shawn Rebel
I actually have one of the new Macbook Pros with Retina as well. I bought my MPD32 used and it was completely lacking the included Ableton Live Lite Akai Pro Edition which it should have been bundled with. You should be able to get a copy online I'm sure. I believe you can always get a demo of Ableton Live from them directly as well at https://www.ableton.com/en/trial/. Honestly, you don't NEED that software. The AC Adapter is a little superfluous. Because the MPD32 is primarily a midi controller, I plug it directly into the Mac via USB and viola, we're off and running.
It works best when playing lead guitar (acoustic or electric), it doesn't handle multiple notes well.
I guess so. You would be using the PA speaker as an Amp, so it should work.
I've done it but its really glitchy and unnatural sounding. Helicon makes a good, inexpensive harmonizer. I picked one up used for 60 bucks at Guitar Center.
It is a standard parts and labor warranty, you must send the unit back to an authorized repair shop or to Behringer. I thought mine was a 1 year warranty. These units are so inexpensive that sending it away to be fixed would be a poor use of resources. Not to mention it being gone for a long time. Now, if you purchase it at a retail outlet they may have a different arrangement. I bought mine through Amazon. Mine is still working fine.
YEs, with the octave mode. but this pedal isnreally cheap and sounds a little crappy.
yo recomiendo seriamente ste pedal ,a cualquier guitarrista o bajista!...es una joya!...puede hacer sonar la guitarra como guitarra de 12 cuerdas con un rgano detrs!...adems puedes agregar cualquier nota de la escala,con octava hacia abajo o hacia arriba!,,,vale la pena!...
I would think so. I use .5 foot right angle cables to connect all of my effects pedals.
Yes. You need a high-impedance volume pedal such as the BOSS FV-50H. Low impedance volume pedals and dedicated expression pedals (such as my pedal's cousins, the BOSS FV-50L and Roland EV-5, respectively) might not give you the full pitch range when used with this pedal, even though they do with similar pitch-shifters such as the BOSS PS-5. To use a volume pedal as an expression pedal you need one of those Y-cables that connects two TS (mono) jacks to a TRS (stereo) jack. I believe the Behringer FCV100 works with the US-600 as well based on watching YouTube clips, but I have not tried it myself.
I have no idea, sorry
Unless you ordered a hammer a tool kit with this, it's NOT 7.1 lbs. This is a mis-posting on the page. Try checking out with it and I'm sure you'll find they aren't charging you by the ounce based on this weight.
I wish u had gotten some responses. I need one too! However, best I have found do far inresearching it is the h4n recorder perhaps with and without the use of the Yamaha SKRM100 SUBKICK Low Frequency Capture Microphone? If u try it, would love to hear your results! Good luck!
might be cheaper buying a usb turntable... http://www.amazon.com/Ion-TTUSB-Turntable-USB-Record/dp/B000BUEMOO
Well, the mics on this device are probably the equivalent of $20-$40 microphones. Obviously, if you add higher quality microphones, your recording will sound better. Of course, with mics, you get diminishing returns. The difference, for example, between a $600 mic and a $6,000 mic will only be very small, but the difference between a $20 mic and a $100 mic will be noticeable.
Yes. I use the older R-1 all the time. Quicktime will play WAV native I believe. I don't know what you plan to use. I use Peak or Audiocity and they both work fine.
Yes - check out my review of the product on the Amazon site where I go through all the changes. I guess the higher resolution recording is the main feature they are touting, but there are few others as well, such as fixing the flimsy battery cover.
have you read the reviews which talk about a Leica Lazer Holder?
Along the same lines, I am wondering if the Samsung NC10-14GW 10.2-Inch Netbook or the Dell Inspiron Mini 9" laptop can be used for recording. I have a Sony Mini-disc recorder that works pretty well, but transferring the music into the computer is a problem. I have a Sony stereo mic that works well enough with the Walkman. Could I use it to record into a laptop, and, if so, how is that done? Thanks in advance
the mod wheel will not give you a true leslie sound...I do have the behringer and it is ok...I mean it's 50 bucks so it's not going to sound like a rotosphere or a quality pedal but it does the job....i would say spend the 50 bucks...if you are a true gear head it would not be the first time you bought something that didn't quite sound like you expected...but if you don't buy it you will never know
If it's the blue light, just stomp on the switch. If it's the red light, hold down the switch for 2 seconds. That should stop constant flashing but it will still flash occasionally .
I don't know the answer to the question. Neither of my ordered units worked at all. I would not recommend this product.
They don't. These are not noise-cancelling headphones, they're just closed. Sound wise they're way better though.
Mine are stamped "Made in Austria" on the left earpiece.
No, you don't. The headphones come with an adapter and both standard sizes.
It mutes when there is no pressure on the headband. I have had the headphones for a few months and never had a problem with the feature. I find it very useful especially in a live or studio environment.
They cover the ear completely & are amazingly comfortable! I wear glasses and they manage to block out all external sounds without squeezing my frames uncomfortably like other headsets have done.
They work for me and I also have both a large head and glasses, but I typically wear them 2 hours or less.
I think these only have 1 driver per side. But they are super accurate in how they sound.
No, these don't have any bass pretty much at all. I was really disappointed when I listened to them. You should go with the AKG K712s, those have really amazing bass.
China
not at all.. you just have to push and pull out gently.. and thats it.. if it doesn't work as i said they might have some damage.
Yes the ad825 opamps are very good chips and deliver very clear audio ,you will notice a crisp bass punch very much like what you would hear in a studio through monitors...
Yes these headphones are exceptionally and accurate ..... I play a keyboard capable of over 12,000 sounds, I have not found one not reproduced accurate through these headphones ....
It is perfectly flat! Extremely comfortable on a large head. Don't use glasses. Audio is so flat, sometimes i wish it was more colored :)
If I remember correctly, you get the pair of headphones, one straight cable and one springy stretch cable, both of them can be unbplugged from the left ear of the headphones and swapped with each other. You get two pleather ear pads on the headphones initially, and two felt plush pads if you want to replace them. (They're a pain to get on, I suggest stretching out the area you wrap around the headphones on the plush pads first so they go around the headphone easier. Then they fit snug and perfectly.) You get an assortment of different jacks to screw to the ends of the two cables I mentioned at the beginning to use for different size amps. I don't use any of them so I don't know the specifics. It's all very worth the money, the sound is great and they're very comfortable. Quite sturdy, as well. The headphones are doing great, even though I'm not the most careful owner. I would recommend these. Hope I helped!
Not unless you are listening at incredibly loud levels. It also depends on how sensitive your mic is. I was listening to music the other night at normal levels and an incredibly loud song started playing, causing me to turn it down quickly, but not before my wife was awakened.
Nope. No Bluetooth! Wired headphones.
Hi Trich, this pair does not have BT, only cable. Did you mean another model?
there are of course many alternatives, but these will be excellent. they have good price/quality ratio. they're very comfrotable, durable and have good sound. highly recommended. Adam, in-ear.com
k240 is larger - around ears, not on-ears like 141. sound is also better. Adam, in-ear.com
AKG is calling this pair "MkII" because they include 2 cables, one straight & one coiled, & 2 sets of pads, one leather-like & one cloth. Otherwise the same as the original K240.
The EXP/CTL input is used to connect an external foot switch to "tap in the tempo, in tempo mode." I have never tried this input.
Up to 2000 ms
No, you can play over a loop, but you can't continue to overdub.
I'm not sure what tail means in this context, but it's not "true bypass," and the tone is compromised a little when it's not engaged.
Also, when you unscrew the back, you will have to CAREFULLY, slide your modulation controls to the side, and underneath, the battery bay is located. I have read that with this thing on your chain, on or off, it will suck battery power, and the efx will therefore change over time vs the direct route.
It does not.
Yes it does sir
No, it's only a delay pedal. Hardwire supernatural ambient verb is a really good reverb pedal, I think it's a proguitarshop.com exclusive. Earthquaker devices makes some nice reverb pedals or if you want the grand daddy, the Strymon Blue Sky is incredible but not cheap, it's 300 new.
It can be used with anything that has an output and input providing you have the proper Jack
Yes it is. Depending on how much you know about pedals you can take it apart yourself and see it. If not, there may be a YouTube video of taking it apart and explaining a true bypass system.
this item is for a guitar.
Yes, it is a True Hardwired Bypass
Yes, but it also depends what type of Stanton turntable you have.
Yes i believe so.
I only had to twist and pull. You could also You Tube it.
Ceramic. The ION turntable this is made for does not require any preamp. It was designed to transfer phono record signals into a USB output for creating digital copies of vinyl 45 or 33 LP records on your computer. It does an excellent job too! All you need is the free public software and invest some time to learn how to use it to record and filter old scratchy records into CD quality files.
First, I have a Nu mark turntable & cannot answer your compatibility question. But mine did come with the two screws.
I don't believe we sell the whole assembly, but I'm double checking.
The black and red thing only - total rip off - tell em I said so
don't know
You can tell the difference by the models a KA-T has no pickup the KA-TE is electric. If this is your first uku i would by the KA-T then if you like it upgrade later
It looks super awesome not satin and not too dark. One thing I have to mention is that the tone is not accurate for the 3rd string. When u finish tuning with the open string&#65292; it will go clinker if u play the fifth fret.
This is the KA-MT
Mine is not electric, but you could buy one of those Dean Markely that fit across the sound hole then plug this in. Some attach to the bridge, probably get the one for mandolin.
Ivan, the Mahogany Concert keeps it's turn fairly well, although it is always necessary for me to check after I haven't played for a day or so. Once the strings have been broken in the adjustment required are minor unless there have been extreme fluctuations in temperature, like leaving it in the case in the sun or out out over night. Quality strings help.
China.....strings are Italy......inspected by USA kala workers........it's a nice blend for it's size.
The stings on this Ukulele are Aquila strings and are very appraised by the ukulele community. You should not have to replace the strings. They will take about a week to stretch out until they stay in tune, but once they do they will last a pretty long time. The longer you have the strings on the better they will sound. You don't have to replace Uke strings until you started noticing marks rubbed in from the frets. Quality is great!
Polyurethane (plastic). My hands are pretty callused but my sisters aren't and she has never complained.
Hello, If you really wants a bigger one, you should try these two:
Made in China.......but it is an amazing ukulele for the price. The sound is good and it appears to be a much more expensive ukulele. I love it and it is the right size for me to handle.
It's good, this is an overall good instrument and a great deal.
The action is nice and the uke is easy to play
If you mean is the neck round shape or flat, then it is round just like a guitar. Get this one, it is very musical. SPL
No he would need a baritone model. This has a great guitar feel to it.....I own a ka sb....kala has some really nice baritone models I really enjoy......
I don't know what kind of strings they are, but I can tell you that once they get stretched out to hold a tune they actually sound pretty good. I did buy some aquilla's for backups, but I haven't used them yet and I am really enjoying them so far. Had it about a month and a half. Really good quality instrument for the money by the way.
26 inch long, 12 accross drum, nine inch accross base of drum, and 3 1/3 in deep. Hope that helps. Also we were very happy with this instrument, three children have learned to play on it, and it is still on the original strings, very good value for the money!
high G
There are strings but you can buy much better strings for not very much
The description say "agathis" body which is a type of wood.
Irv, that's a great question. If your hands are larger than average it actually will not make any difference which you choose. The neck width on the instruments is the same (both are 1-3/8th inches at the nut). The difference is in the size of the body. The tenor is made to resonate lower tones. Either one will be fine. The thing that you will need to make sure you tend to is a technique issue. When you fret a string with your left hand you should make sure that you are applying your fingertip only to the fret board, not the pad of your finger. That will allow the strings around the one you are fretting to ring properly and make your playing sound it's best. Good luck to you in your efforts to become more musical in this new year.
You can keep it locked or make it spin
I just tested it and with the base legs in a comfortable position (not too narrow) it can be up to 2 ft high when measured from floor to top of seat. Hope that helps. If the height works for you I can tell you it is an excellent throne. Very sturdy and comfortable! :)
Depends on how tall he is. It's a very comfortable seat that's very thick which might make it a little big for him. Of course he could grow into it. It's very easy to adjust the height of it. Hope this helps! -Kyle
No it doesn't have a drum machine.
The usb connects the rp500 to a computer. You will have to download software from the digitech website to make your computer recognise the rp500. The usb connection has 2 functions...to record directly, and change/save your user presets (using the X-edit software that comes with rp500). Oh, and its the only way to update the firmware to give the rp500 the looper ability, (again from digitechs website).
I have used a bass guitar with this pedal, it does work but you won't find patches that are suitable for Bass guitars. Check out bose's pedals. They do have a few made for bass.
Hopefully I can help answer at least part of your questions. I'm not sure how to answer your first question, but I do know that there is a switch for every present to go between an Amp output and a Mixer output. You can also bypass everything, just use pedals without any of the amps/cabs on the board, just use amps or cabs without pedals......pretty much any combination you could possibly want. If you're trying to switch between two different amps on one present, the only way I could think to do that would be to create two presents that are identical with only the amps changed and put them next to each other in the order of presents. Then you could easily switch between them. To switch between the Preset setting and Stomp setting (pedal board), you hit the little button called Pedalboard. That is a switch that goes between having a pedalboard and having a choice of 5 presents across your stomp buttons. The board lets you choose which 5 presents you want to use as well by hitting the "Up" and "Down" stomp buttons. It's really simple and I have found a great use for both of these functions, although personally I almost never use the "presents" setting, mostly sticking to my pedalboard. Again, I'm not entirely sure if I correctly responded to your questions, but I hope I helped a bit. I highly recommend this product. It is excellent.
Sure
It has many different amp models featured inside it which includes distortion and overdrive. It also has a distortion "footswitch" which you can have different distortions. It does have a "metal" distortion, but I can't remember if it's an amp option or distortion option. It sounds pretty good though.
I M sorry, but I do not know the answer to this. This Logitech was bought as a gift for my son.
a Tube pre amp as made by ART http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EN34N_K_YiA Is a enhancement to add warmth to Sound before going Into processor yes
You have 5 (five) preset stomp switches. Just use another preset that has monster distortion and compression, then go back to your favourite "light drive" afterwards. I set the one on the far right for solos, and the one on the far left for laying back. It's infinitely flexible.
Assuming that you've created the preset successfully and saved it, it should be there. Just make sure that you're looking through the User presets and not the Factory presets. Basically keep going up until you reach the user presets and it should be there. But, if you installed X-Edit on your PC then you should be able to access your Patch/Preset with ease. :)
I have plugged in a guitar and vocal mic to get that old 1950's reverb effect and it worked quite nicely. I also sang vocal notes into it trying out various settings and found it produces numerous effects. I do find that it seems more reponsive to guitar than voice, but then I've only been using it for a week. I strongly suggest, however, that your daughter spend more time practicing voice without the unit than with...this toy is tons of fun, but might aid in developing some bad vocal habits. I find I could easily use it as a crutch to aid lazy singing (reverb can make you think you're sounding better than you are). I find that when I use it, I tend to "slide into" my notes, rather than attacking them accurately. But other than that, I have found this little blue Behringer to be an excellent value for the money.
I love the shimmer effect but it can be hard to use. There's often times a hash clipping on the reverb if you play a really harsh note all of a sudden. Really depends on what type of playing you're looking to use it for.
You don't need another reverb machine. This reverb pedal is better than the DR 600, but if you have reverb in your amp and two other pedals, you may be in reverb overkill. I replaced my DR 600 with this because it's a much better unit, but I would never use both of them together. If you want better reverb from your pedal, I'd replace the DR with the RV, as it has more variation in sound, and a lusher, fuller sound. The DR is sort of empty or tinny sounding.
Yes , you will either need a battery or a 9V adapter. You will also need to have something in the ins and outs for the led to come on. Be careful though, my first one was dead on arrival. Good luck !
That's how I use it. No problems.
yes, I use that adapter with it
yes
This should be obvious from the description: A 9v battery or a 9v adaptor or other power supply.
It works on anything run through your amp.
I'm not certain but think the split is that two lines can go in, say vocal and guitar, and two go out together for a stereo effect, so yes itd mix the two inputs - check out their website, I'm sure that'll say.
Yes
Its a real guitar, that you can play with, since its cheap kids can practice using this, its good for beginners and see if they really like it before you get the expensive ones.. The first one that i got, the strings are too close to the fret so i had to exchange it coz you cant really play it and you hear a buzzing sound. Its small so you can take it anywhere you go.
My son is 5'11" and it fits him good. I would say it's a perfect starter guitar for an adult.
There has to be with Amazon but make sure that you get everything that it says. When I received the order I only got the guitar and bag nothing else
Yes
Its simple...I think they could handle it!
A high E string
Really people please don't buy this thing. It's a piece of junk. Person who asked about stings yes they are okay but only about one inch off the fret board. You will need a slide to play it. Save your money and just buy a set of strings.
Yes it sure does, very nice beginner outfit.
It's steel
Good for Biginner before you spent a lot for a season player
My daughter is left handed and she has not had any problems with it. He should do fine with it!
Yes
I don't know much about guitars, but my son is 17 and 6 foot tall and it seems to be a decent size for him.
Yes and often. It never stays in tune.
im 6'2.. and it is suitable size, but its a terrible guitar... i just threw it away.. dont waste your money
Go to Yamaha's website and compare the P35's dimensions with the p95 or p105, since other users have said that those fit.
Definitely. It could withstand anything except something like a huge drop or being run over by a car.
I use this case for my privia but I also have a moxf8. I have not tried it with my MOX but I don't think it would fit. This case was made for thin keyboards.
Will an M-Audio 88es fit in this case? Yes, it fits like it was a custom case with not an inch to spare. The case is well made. The M Audio 88 is well protected in this case and there is room in the exterior pockets to care the AC plug, cables, etc.
Soft case but nicely padded. Perfect for moving from practice room to car etc... I wouldn't put it in airline luggage but for car trips to and from the "gig" it works great.
I use the Gator Bag for the P105. I use a standard keyboard stand which I do not put in the Gator Bag. I'm not sure exactly if that answers your question
I don't have a Korg SP280BK to test it, but if you measure your keyboard, I will happily measure the inside of our bag and let you know for sure!
http://m.usa.yamaha.com/products/pianos-keyboards/digital-pianos/portable-grand/dgx-650-digital-piano.html So your keyboard is 55"x5.75"x17.5" So I'd say that's a "no," even without the stand. I've no idea why that other reviewer is telling you about how his son's keyboard fits. Your keyboard is larger, and will not. Nice case, but there it is.
My son's Casio CDP-230R is 11"x52"x4 1/2" and fits in this case.
Did you mean "interior" compartment? If so, I'll measure mine for you! Rick
I love this case.....great fit for my Oscar Schmidt uke.......internal length is 25 inches/ larger bell width is 8 3/4 inches interior measurement, and smaller bell is 6" even. The case has a small compartment under neck area as well as a Velcro strap to hold uke in place. Hope this is helpful!
It's black.
I would call it a cross between velvet and fur with a nice pad of foam behind it. It is quality enough to put my precious concert Martin in
This case fits a concert ukulele perfectly. I think it'll be too big for a soprano.
Just one strap. However, you can use it on the side or on the back of the case. If used on the back of the case, you can fling the case onto your shoulder. It is not exactly a back pack style, but you can hold the case on your back. Hope this answer makes sense.
Yes, mine does!
We only ship to the U.S. and her protectorates Paloma. Sorry.
It is all black. Great case all around.
No, this is a very nice case, but just the case.
Yes, I would say so.
Jesus does not come with this violin, unless He is already with the violinist.
Little circular thing with a case that has fabric adhered to one side? If there was none, contact the seller. They should help you out. :)
Standard size of any 4/4 Full Size Violin...but unless you just want to hang it on the wall, I'd steer clear of this...it's an unplayable piece of crap. Violin store said to get it playable would have cost another $100 plus.
Yes, it is perfect for 10 years. The teacher said it was excelent size. Maybe 3/4 is goog too, but in a few years it will be small.
Yes, just like the picture. I am very pleased with my purchase.
this SHOULD be the proper size for an 11 year old.. BUT this is apparently a pretty poorly made violin. I took my daughters in for repair and they said it was not worth the attempt, It basically fell apart after one year of use.
This is not top of the line but it is one that will work for a beginner. The strings might hurt their fingers until callus are built. When you find that you or your child is committed to learning and has a real passion for violin then I would purchase a better one.
Hello there, Thank you for your inquiry. We are sincerely sorry that we are temporarily out of stock of the item you are interested in. We strive to keep out stock updated, but unfortunately there are time when our vendors cannot deliver our items as quick as we sell them. Please continue to follow-up on this item, as we will re-post it once it is available. Best Regards, Daily Deals
Yes, the whole violin is wood apart from the strings and chin rest.
It look like wood and very well done. When I opened and send it to one of my granddaughter. I am not very familiar with violins but my brother in law told me that it was beautifully made and was impressed with it. If it was not real my brother in law would of told me to send it back. H
the best 'combo' I found was this set of 5: A, C, D, E and G.................I have added a Bb and an F.......there is room in the case for the two extra I added. If you have those 7, you are pretty well set ......in my opinion that is.....I haven't found the need for any others yet...........
There are no markings on them to indicate they are from China except for the case they came in. My first order of the 20's had 3 defective, the re-order had 4 defective, that is holes that either didn't work or partially sounded and not necessarily in tune. I tried contacting a host of people to find if these 20's were China produced or some after market scam. I assumed the great Hohner German workmanship would not have such lax quality control. The best I got was to ship the defective harps to American techs ( my cost) where they would repair and ship back to me at their cost. Quite unsettling for a former trusted product, it should carry a buyer beware rider. Maybe buy them where you can try them, then you can do the return right at the purchase source. Hope this helps, Bruce
Same all the way.
It is not the high G in this set
Look under the description: 5 Special Twenty Harmonicas; Keys C, G, A, D, & E
I bought this for my husband who had never played guitar before. I was really impressed with the quality for the price if this guitar! It is also a beautiful color. I think it would work for beginner and experienced both!
Yes
Yes the cable is included.
Yes it can I play rocksmith on ps3 with it and it works great
That all depends on the type of music you like to play. If you are looking for something heavy and violent, an electric guitar is typically the easy answer. If you prefer folksy sorts of tunes, or something a little softer, usually acoustic is better. If you or the person you are purchasing a guitar for is a first timer, definitely acoustic. It requires more strength and develops muscles necessary for faster, more accurate playing, as well as developing the calluses you need.
Unless your organ or leslie speaker has an auxillary line into plug into, you will have to plug into an separate amplification system to hear the drum machine.
I use High Performance OFC connecting cables-2 TRS on one side the other XLR's which I made up! Guitar cables are Great! Your ears will pick up the Difference..I connect the XLR's to a power amp then out into the Virtualizer pro DSP2024P-Preset settings on the Virtualizer: I:O73 TUBE AMP! This Creates a Giant Stereo Smack with Clarity = MID BASS & TREBLE & the Levels are Way up to 0.5db & of coarse the CD recorder to lift the Levels to that Mark. I hope this was helpful to complete your Music Workmenship, God Bless ya Bruce & have a Great Week.
As far as I know, it does have a 3/4 preset. Although I've never used that preset, I believe it's in the system setup option.
Yes - either patterns made from those already programmed in or ones you programme from scratch. Forgot how many - but certainly enough to do a three hour gig.
Mark; I think it would be excellent for recording. However, I found the manual to be difficult to understand for some functions. Perhaps the SR16 from Alesis would be a better choice if it has all the functions you need. It's been around for decades and has been very popular.
I would check an online manual here. http://www.manualslib.com search for Alesis SR-18 manual and look on page 16, it says you can transpose. Nothing about turning the bass off, but I'm sure you can turn it down to zero. I don't know if this applies to the presets or just the user patterns.
No... The sounds are manually adjustable but not exacting to let's say a tabla, etc. If I want to pull up the above mentioned instruments I use a Roland Fantom keyboard workstation that cost 2K. The SR18 is a great buy for 200. but it won't do what you are looking for.
oh a big yes but watch your intro and exit
We don't use it for classic country however based on what we have used it for i would definitely recommend it.
I'd guess that you could export midi from Magix Music Maker but it would playback with the sounds on the Midi machine, which are pretty unhip hop. If you have a tablet another option would be exporting the audio to something like Anytune and use something like AirFlip pedal to control playback /looping.
The inputs/outputs are (from left to right): Input 1 - stereo plug, Input 2 - R and L phono plugs, Output - connection plug to left speaker, AC Power. On the front there are inputs for a mic and for headphones, as well as volume and balance controls and on-off power switch.
They are a powered monitor system with left and right RCA inputs and a single mini stereo input and a 1/4" mic input in the front. Basically a mini PA system. They are fairly loud and have a very good sound quality. There are treble,bass and volume attenuators. I use them for a recording studio and they work great with MP3 players. Hope this helps! My guess is they would be loud enough for a personal monitor.
Yes using the headphone jack.
Yes it does have a 3.5 mm input (not sure what the other guy is talking about). I won't recommend to use it for (not sure if this is from the cord that came with it only) it seems to lose some data. So basically doesn't sound as good. I suggest buying a 3.5 input to RCA which are less than 5 bucks.
The connector cable between the 2 speakers is around 6 feet. You could easily get an extension cable to extend them farther. However, I wouldn't recommend putting them that far apart. If you're using them for computer speakers or small monitor speakers, they probably shouldn't be more than 3-4 feet apart, and about the same distance from your ears, to get a relatively accurate stereo separation if you're using them to mix.
Yes, they each have an 8 watt amplifier and the sound is excellent. They should work out fine for studio work, but wouldn't have enough power for performance situations with a live band.
They do have a 'mic in' quarter inch socket, and true, that would fit a guitar cable, and I'm sure you would get sound with no problem. Here's why I would not recommend doing that. Monitors are "near field" and meant for discernment of details in a mix. These speakers are pretty loud, but even a cheap guitar "Champ" style $90 amp will make a guitar sound a lot better, plus it will have "long field" or long throw cabinet/speaker and help the guitar sound alot better. Raw guitar can distort speakers, these are not made for that. I would be concerned also, about wrecking the monitors. My opinion, with years of live hugging and studio production? Don't do it. Get a guitar combo amp.
I would advise getting a small sound board and an interface and hook these up to them
You will need right and left RCA plugs into the speakers with a 1/8" connector into the computer. Same as most computer speakers. You can get the cord on Amazon, Radio Shack, Best Buy, etc.
Lol, actually when I received mines the logo came in black. If your gunna use it for studio purposes its a real good entry-level monitor to get. But the sticker looks removable.
The Product Description reads, "24-Bit/192 kHz Digital 20-Watt Stereo Near Field Monitors (price per set, each set consists of 2 speakers)" and I received two speakers.
Well, you really are... The VP is a passive subwoofer that needs a separated power amp to work... Although the main speaker of these monitors (the one that has all the controls and connections) is a power amp that you connect through a simple RCA cable, taking in count that the maximum power of thr monitors don't even reach 20 Watts, is like put the engine of a VW Bettle in a semi truck to make it move. So you better see if there is an extra line output on the main monitor, connect with the corresponding adaptor ot cable to a power amp big enough in power ti move the sub. The other problem is you will hear mostly a big bass unless you reach an equilibrium betwwen the power if the monitors and the power amp connected to the sub, my suggestion is go by a modest ACTIVE sub for recording studio or just use one universal (always active) of thise that are sold for hime theater applications. As you are trying to do is a waste.
I don't know if it requires a specific one, but the power input is fairly standard and I was able to swap out a similar cord with a US plug. works just fine. Its similar to this http://www.amazon.com/Samsung-Gateway-Toshiba-Adapter-Notebook/dp/B002JS96UG/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1405108515&sr=8-1&keywords=ac+2+prong+power+cord
yes, of course you can use these with a laptop. the inputs are digital or analog (mini or stereo rca)
The pair I purchased was 120 VAC. The do not really have a woofer. They are about a 4" midrange and a tweeter. Bass response is very poor and they sound very tinny. Even with all my adjustments. Said to say but I have an old Phillips "home surround sound system" that sounds better than these.
I don't remember. I do remember buying a box of raxxess rack screws just to be safe. A box of 25 is something like $3...
Yes it is a misprint -- I have the case and all equipment fit like it was suppose to. I think they are referring to the cases total width and not necessarily the rack.
I don't know that mixer, but it looks like something designed to sit on a desktop. The top of this rack includes a sliding shelf with a lip that I use to set a laptop. I think the mixer would sit on that just fine.
Yes, but it's impractical. You'll need to get a power inverter, plug it into the cigarette lighter, and your car needs to be running. You're better off just using NiMH batteries and having two sets of them. This amp will run a LONG time on a set of batteries though. Some people have reported getting as much as 20 hours. -TJ
it comes with it's own power supply adapter, similar to a laptop computer's power brick.
It has a reverb/delay and an EFX flanger/chorus/T-wah variable knob. There is an amplifier modeler switch with interesting sounds e.g.octave bass and B-man etc. It also has a rhythm guide and a bass/middle/treble equalizer. Hope that helps.
I have this unit and I would rate the projection as a strong portable practice amp. I have been able to hold my own against 2 acoustic guitars and 1 reasonably amped electric guitar. I have only used it plugged in, so I can't comment if there is a loss of power / projection on batteries. I would say that if the street is not too loud and you are not looking to project down the block there is some chance it may serve your purpose.
I really have no idea of the DB level...I got it for medium venue gigs and as a monitor for my upright in noisy areas. It serves me well in that respect. If I need more power or think I will, I bring a 15" several hundred watt amp.
DC to AC 110-120. Flat two prong plug.
I think 5W; but, the speakers are very efficient and it is surprisingly loud. I use it for guitar, electric bass, and uke bass. If the pu is a transducer (uke), a preamp helps a lot.
11.5 H, 11.5W, 8D in inches.
Yes it does
Hello, the Rated Power Output is 2.5 W + 2.5 W (stereo) with 4 Speakers 10 cm (4 inches) , It's Loud, Thanks from 8thstreet Music
I couldn't say for sure as I don't own one, nor know the specs, but you'd need a USB port on the iPad and the drivers for the device. Maybe check the manufacturer's site to see if there are any listed?
Idk. I used virtual dj
It comes with Virtual DJ LE
Had it for years...never crashed.
For sure! and it works perfectly!
Actually It can be used with traktor, the thing is you have to find the proper configuration for it mapping all the buttons and functions to it. You can try it out see if it works out for you. On virtual DJ its more easier but it all depends on your style
Yep. I've used it on both Win7 and 8, as well as 8.1. I haven't yet installed the 8.1 Update 1, but I have no reason to think it wouldn't work on that as well. Just make sure to download the latest drivers from the manufacturer's website.
Not directly. But whatever you download (hopefully legally) whether videos or mp3s can be loaded in virtual DJ and controlled by this console. You'll also want to purchase the full version (another $300) of virtual DJ. You'll be happy.
It's ceramic, and I believe it was made in the US. I'm not too sure. But it's beautiful and well worth the money. If you're in the market for an Ocarina get this one. I play mine every day, and it's super easy to learn.
Everything is an octave lower. The game plays the ocarina's notes higher to match the octave of the in-game (background) music. But that doesnt make it anh less than what it is. The instrument still sounds beautiful.
No it does not it comes with a song book and a protective bag for the ocarina.
Yes. There is a string that is already in the ocarina that goes around your neck to make it easier to carry
This is from their website. For sanitary reasons, we can not accept returns. To ensure that each one of you gets a brand new, never been used ocarina, we can not give refunds in any circumstances. As we stated above, if your ocarina is damaged during shipping, you must contact us within 24 hours after your package arrives to receive a replacement. If you have more questions, please feel free to email us at: info@stlocarina.com
If it is sold by STL Ocarina then it will come with a songbook. I ordered one from STL which if nobody knows, is St. Louis Ocarina and they are possibly the largest ocarina maker and seller in the United States and they even have a YouTube channel that teaches you how to play any ocarina they sell. And the girl that does the videos is kinda hot as well so it's a double win
Amazon allows everyone to list their products under our listing. So no, if you buy it from someone else other than STL Ocarina, you will not get the same ocarina. You will get an unplayable ocarina that is cheaply made.
If you purchase this ocarina from STL Ocarina, there's no chance that you'll get a knock off. You will only receive the best ocarina from us.
My daughter did get the song book when I ordered the Ocarina for her.
It is but it diddent. I advice against this product. I would buy from another company where the flute tunes are actualy good.
I thought it sounded great in my phono pre. Very clear, well defined, excellent bass.
I'm sure you can use them if it takes 12AX7 tubes, but I can't speak to whether it will change volume on your OD channel. That could just be the amp.
I am not familiar with MPAll preamp. You can try the Tungsol 12AX7 & see if you like the sound. I have had no problems with this tube so far.
Yes
No, preamp tubes you don't have to be biased. Some amps require you to bias power tubes but I don't believe the Laney even requires that.
Although I'm not familiar with your amp, the Tungsol 12 ax7 is an excellent, low noise replacement tube for nearly all 12ax7 applications.
Each amp takes tubes so differently so it's hard to say. I can only speak for my 2013 vox ac30 and they did make a nice difference. Subtle but different. It's kinda like different brands of strings. All similar but slight variations. I ended up recording with my phone to help hear the difference side by side. Overall I'm glad I tried them and I did keep them in. Hope this helps.
All "12" series tube pins are identical. A 12ax7 has a higher output than a 12au7 (which has the lowest of the series) and may cause distortion or some other unforeseen issue with the circuitry. Before proceeding, you need to know why the manufacturer chose to use a 12au7 and its application in this amplifier. A great rule to follow is don't re-invent the wheel - if the manufacturer designed a circuit to use a particular tube, there's a reason why.
The weight is 6.45 lbs and pole diameter at microphone's end is 5/8 inches and base end is 7/8 inches.
It's a cable clip. If you like, you can clip the microphone cable to the pole.
The head of the stand comes bare so depending on what kinds of clips you have for it, I would think you'd be able to attach it...?
It telescopes. Loosen the collar. One section is inside the other.
it should be able to be painted fine. The most important thing is preparing it, taking all the pieces apart correctly, possibly sanding it and giving it a base of primer so the new paint will adhere well and be able to go through any abuse mic stands go through. There are some plastic parts on it too, so you may need to get paint that applies to metal and plastic.
YES. I've tried it with my Blue Snowball so I'm sure it will work for other Blue mics. It just took me a minute to get my Snowball on the thread properly before I could screw it on.
Mic clips are (at least mostly) universal. Get one that fits the mic, and it will very likely fit on the stand too.
This item does not include the Mic, only the Mic Stand. You will need to purchase the mic separately
Yes
The base is 9 3/8 in diameter and 1 7/8 high.
I wouldn't think there would be a problem, especially since each instrument sits over a leg. And I have no idea how big the shipping box was, but folded up, it is 34" long.
Yes. I have had two different Flying V guitars, and it holds just fine. The stand's height is adjustable, so if it isnt tall enough, yiu can adjust it. I currently have a Jackson JS Randy Rhoads V and a Dean Dave Mustaine signature VMNTX and an Epiphone Les Paul Special II on there and it holds all three just fine, even when I remove any one of the three guitars.
The three hangers move as one unit so the instruments have to be close in size. Mine holds a full size fiddle and 15" viola at the same time if that gives you some idea.
The arms holding the guitar and lower back-braces are fixed to the shaft.
yes, i only use 2 guitars and it's fine
The MMWTF flames are like the first photo. Thank you!
No
I went to gearhounds.com and search BC Rich cases. Found the BC Rich Warlock/Bass case and it is working nicely. It is bigger than the guitar but offers a lot of room for gear like pedals and cables. Hope that helps.
Yes, it does. In fact I bought this stand for my fishman loudbox mini.
Hi Rickie. It holds a lot but all or most of these stands tip over if you run out of cord. Lol. How weird this may sound but I put 2 cement blocks on the back for extra support. Hey you never know. If you have no support, you'll probably have to put it on the lowest adjustable setting. So it has more gravity support. Don't get me wrong it's a great stand for the price but if your amp weighs any where between 60 to 120 pounds... It would be a good idea. Hope this helps. If you live in NY state I would sell you mine. Lol I've gone to powered pa speakers now. Take care
I bought the Rumble for my Grandson, I bought the stand for my Fender Champion 100, it's a larger amp and the stand works GREAT! It seems to me the Rumble was much smaller and while you can adjust the height, you cannot adjust the width... I hope that helps. I really enjoy the stand, sturdy construction and well priced! Pat
Hey buddy, check my review. I posted the dimensions for the brackets. Top bracket to floor is 26 inches, width is 20 inches. Seriously though, look at my review so you get a feel for what you're about to buy :)
You can fold it up as is and hang it on a bracket or you can take it apart and set both pieces in equipment case of some sort for transport. It's a very solid , sturdy stand for it's design. Either way it will serve you well and you can't beat the price. Frank T.
Yes. You should check the weight specs for both to be sure, but the arms actually appear to be set at a width most suitable for a 2x12 combo. It is very strong.
you probably ran into the "tone weeny mafia", you won't lose much if any...and it it would only apply to bass response. for instance it is practice to put the big woofers on the ground of a PA system as the floor helps the bass resonate. a guitar is a midrange instrument and i highly doubt any negative effect would happen on your tone. if it did then you could just increase your bass EQ. in a live gig i would assume you would be mic'ed anyway meaning the "amp on floor" would be a moot point anyway.
Hmmm... I'm thinking that this amp stand may be a little big for that job. Maybe look up "Studio Monitor Stand".
Works well with my Crate 3112, Marshall 1965B 4x10 cabinet, and a Yamaha Club Series 15" PA Speaker as a monitor, which is what I actually bought it for.
the legs measure 12" from outside edge to outside edge of the support legs. I looked up the fishman mini and it says it's 13.7' wide. It will work if it's at least 12" wide.
For most electric bass guitars, this stand would be fine, readily handling a variety of body shapes & the longer neck/fretboard. You probably aren't asking this, but it is not suitable for an acoustic upright bass.
Yes it will, I have an epiphone lp 100 on it and it fits nicely
I'm sure it will. Its pretty standard in size.
It does what it does. It's not high grade construction, but it keeps the guitar stable.
Yes
There are 4 pieces: the stand, brace, long tube, rubber latch. Insert the long tube into the stand. You can change the height by sliding the tube to the height you want; then tighten with the knob that is in the stand toward the bottom. The brace looks like a half square with two prongs. Insert it into the stand near the bottom of the stand. The smaller prongs are at the top. They are at the top of the long tube and are welded in. These prongs are padded. The rubber latch fits onto those prongs. The lower prongs or brace hold the base of the guitar. The upper prongs with the latch hold the neck. If you can enlarge the photo that is online, you can see the pieces a bit better. Hope these directions are helpful.
My friend lowered the neck of the stand (it's adjustable) and now ukulele sits fine on it.
With a 6-inch gap in the base and nearly 2-foot span between base and neck holder, I would say NO. Unless you have a jumbo Uke.
25 inches
8 inches
14 inches
The seat is in the lowest posible position in that photo. You'd never use it that way, but I guess you'd just put your feet on the floor if you really wanted to sit that low. The stool is comfortable and the footrest is in a good position. I'm 6'2" and I'm comfortable on it. I usually have one foot on the ground and the other on the footrest so I can rest the guitar on one knee, if that makes sense. I never bother to put the backrest on because I always lean forward when I play.
No
For someone young and his size this should work - but so will most bar stools.
I don't recall seeing anything regarding weight limit. I am 250 lbs. and the chair supports me and is very stable. The tubing, seat, and construction is heavy duty, the back rest being the weakest point, but still solid. It should easily handle 300 lbs.
amazon's product description for the on stage dt8500 guitar/keyboard throne states: "10 easy line-it-up height adjustments from 21-31 in." i checked my chair & that information is accurate-21 inches at the lowest seat height setting and 31 inches at the highest.
The seat itself can be adjusted and raised from its position. However the footrest cannot be raised as I thought it would. There is another model that allows the footrest to be raised separately...I wish that I had purchased the latter myself.
I think mine was made in China and I do not recommend it at all, mine cracked where neck meets body and is now unplayable.
Left-handed. The pick guard is on the opposite side and the strings are in reversed order when comparing to a right-handed guitar.
It's been so long ago that I don't remember, but picks are pretty inexpensive in the first place. You get a much better price and deal going to Guitar Center than buying them thru Amazon. I like Amazon a lot, but a lot of their stuff is way overpriced. I can buy a 24 count case of Ramen noodles @ HEB here in Texas for $4.08, yet Amazon sells them for $16.22. Facts are facts. Just trying to help, I'm on disability so I am all about getting the most for every dollar spent, so hope that helps !
Yes but is not left -handed , it was a regular right hand guitar. &#128545;
Use steel strings for this guitar. Sounds great!
Yes it does, once the strings are broken in. Nice tight tuners
I've happily owned a pair of these phones for a while, and use them daily. I'm aware of burn-in considerations, especially as I used to mess around with high end speakers and drivers years ago. My experience with these exact phones is that the bass notes did show some increased quickness within a couple of weeks. It was nothing earth shattering, but I remember noting that the bass response got a little more responsive as the phones broke-in. I do not believe that the Sennheisers need a formal break in with white noise generators or any such tools. It's just that you'll notice that you like them even a little more after the initial listening period. What I've noticed also is that I'm accustomed to the sound of these phones and when I use a different set, I'm not at all happy with the strange phones. The Sennheisers deliver a sound quality that is very attractive to me. They were a worthwhile investment in my way of looking at it. Good Luck with your decision.
Yes, you can but they don't have a remote volume or play/pause contrrol. In addition an "iPod" headphone has a contoured Eq. meaning that music will be more pleasant opposite to In ear monitors headphones that bring "a flat frequency response " as they are disigned to translate music or speech exactly as it is without coloring.
I actually wrap the cable over my ear before placing the ear buds in my ear. They stay in fine, even while running.
Why they are not supposed to? The 3.5 jack is universal and earphones with it will work on most sound devices out there, there is no lock-in on specific vendor/format, moreover, earphones do not require you to install some specific drivers or something like this (what you sometimes do with PC), just plug-in and have fun.
52"
Yes, They are in fact used in the profesional audio world for musicians personal monitoring. Not as the top of the line in this world but a nice affordable eardbuds used a lot for pro audio rentals companies. Top of the line earbuds cost more than double of these. In fact can reach US$200 ( IE 6 and nexts ). I got some of these IE 4 in fact to be used in a rental company, ( and a set for me )
That not a question, but I'll turn it into one and try and answer that question that I just wrote. "Why do I get a humming noise when I plug my planet waves adaptor into a mini twin fender amp?" First off, does your mini twin work with a nine volt battery? Check that. If not, then the amp's broken. If yes, continue. I just checked, and the mini twin seems to be center negative, like the adaptor. Still, check to see if your mini-twin power in is expecting a center negative power supply. Perhaps the power supply input jack on the mini twin is broken? Perhaps you've gotten three bad power supplies. Have you checked them with a multimeter? Good Luck.
The measurement in inches is .215 outer diameter and .0815 inner diameter. Make sure that the piece you are buying it for is center negative.
If the pin configuration (pin + on the planet waves power supply) and size are the same as the boss pedal, than yes. A DC device will ALWAYS only pull what it needs on the current side. (THE VOLTAGE NEEDS TO BE THE SAME THOUGH!!!!!.... true of ANY DC device) In the case of the planet waves power supply, it is 9V so you are fine. On the BOSS pedal, look at where the power supply plugs in.... there should be a + and - symbol near it.... the one in a circle is the pin which must be positive.
You'll have check the current series order on the looper itself my plug is:+-0- - (best interpretation of symbols with keyboard) that translates to a circled positive sign with a solid circle second and last is a minus sign circle . This is used on my ditto looper so take that into consideration. Good luck it's a fine power supply don't let the low price dissuade you.
tip negative...outside ring positive....if that's how your pedal is set up..this will work with it. the Electro-Harmonix XO Big Muff Pi Pedal seems to be set up that way
Please check your DVD requirement..this one is 9V and 300ma...if it matches, it should charge...
Mine is a zoom s2...so I would think it would be. I just matched up the specs off my defective one and this was exact.
Off the cuff: most likely, because it's compatible with most mass-market pedals. HOWEVER...please forgive me if I sound a bit pedantic...this is something every serious electric guitarist (including others reading this reply) needs to know. Your pedals are marked with a polarity icon. So is the planet waves. The Web can help you...now and in the future. If you go to the D'Addario site, you'll see that the Planet Waves unit is "tip negative". The Boss Web site is useless in this regard, but guitar forums tell you the DS-1 (and, presumably, all Boss pedals...unless the company's engineers are wankers) is also tip negative. What Amazon will tell you is that if you open the package carefully, test it, and it doesn't work...return it as "no longer needed" (you pay the discounted return shipping, but that's only fair). If in doubt, order one of these: http://www.amazon.com/Hosa-Cable-ACD477-Universal-Supply/dp/B000Z31G3M/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1412467196&sr=8-1&keywords=9v+power+supply+with+multiple+plugs Best wishes!
Sorry not familiar with the pedal. I've always used some type of modeling amp and have never needed a pedal for the type of music I play.
Yes. It's center negative just like the pedal. This was one of the quietest adapters I've used.
Yes it did. But I didn't like that tuner so I use an iPhone app instead.
I don't know the exact height but it is an adult size guitar
No it's a regular electric guitar.
By power cable do you mean a cord to plug the guitar into an amp? If yes then it does but it is only 2 to 3 ft
Mine didn't come with a bag or case but it came in a cardboard box. When you buy a case for it make sure it's big enough for the guitar as it is just a bit bigger than other guitars. A good one I got was called a coffin case.
Not easily. It would require a lot of work.
One pkg has 2 so it will do one guitar and strap.
The description says nickel plated steel. Looks right to me.
You have to switch out the factory with the Ernie ball.
Yes they are universal.
These Ernie Ball strap locks come with new buttons to replace the stock ones. The ones provided in the set work with the actual strap lock and also as a stand alone strap button. I have a couple sets and I enjoy them. They work really well.
The important thing to consider is the thickness of your saddle. If your saddle is 3/32" (2.4 mm) thick, you need the narrow pick-up. If your saddle is 1/8" (3.2 mm) thick, you need the wide saddle
You will have to measure the thickness of saddle on your bridge, it's either 1/8 or 3/32nd.. If you don't know, take it to your guitar store they can measure it or Google the guitar specs and that should tell which one to order..&#128076;
Yes, works well too.
take the narrow one, it will fit even if rest some space over there. by the end, it wont make any difference and u gonna have a nice sound
There's a battery bag that is fastened inside the body of the acoustic via very strong and secure Velcro at installation. You loosen the strings, reach your hand in and pull the bag out. Put a 9V in the bag and re fasten the Velcro. Then you restring and you're good to go! Piece of cake. This has to be one of the best acoustic pickups out there right now. Dig it. Hope this helps!
Go to WWW.StewartMacDonalds. Com They are professional in the guitar repair world that can answer just about any question... Best of Luck!
I am not familiar with Yamaha guitars, so I cannot give you a definitive answer.. Sorry. Measure the slot in the bridge that your saddle fits into (length & width) & inform the person you are buying the pickup from, & they should be able to give you the right size. Sorry I couldn't be of more help.
You determine the answer to this based on the width of your saddle, there are typically only two different widths, I don't know the exact measurements but measure the width of yours and compare it to the specs on the fishman and order accordingly.
That is a great price but you have to compare apples to apples. There are different series that have different components like "glass aramid fiber" compared to "kevlar" for the subwoofer cones. Also, the amps are different and (believe it or not) the higher end speakers are HEAVIER so that they do not transfer sound waves through their bases or surrounding materials. I highly recommend that you also consider http://www.amazon.com/IsoAcoustics-ISO-L8R200-Large/dp/B009NWX2WO/ref=sr_1_2?s=musical-instruments&ie=UTF8&qid=1378099542&sr=1-2&keywords=isoacoustics Isopacoustic monitor stands. I had "MoPads" and thought that they were good. It is downright amazing how well all of these components work. If you have the room, buy the 8's. I have the attenuators only up "3 detents" for normal use as nearfield monitors. Only if you have a very large studio and want serious thump, go for the 10's. In any amplifier, you always want to have more power than you need to use. The amps are cleaner, run cooler and last longer. Also, invest in good acoustics for your studio as well otherwise you will never get an accurate representation of your music. You may even want to visit one of my webpages at: http://aperfectdj.com/dj-corner. I am a singer, songwriter, guitarist, producer, engineer, live sound engineer and DJ. (My studio uses the KRK Rokit 8 G2's) BTW: The G2's mean "generation 2." Hope this helps.
Yes absolutely, doesn't matter. You can use a Rokit 8 G2 with an 12" JBL if you really wanted to. Only difference would be the frequency ranges and generally the sound. I doubt you will notice much of a difference between the G2 and the G3 quality wise. The G3 will most likely be the loudest and have the better frequency range but has no impact on being able to use them together.
I too get a low level interference noise from my PC. Ive tried different cables and mixers, some are better than others, but I cannot make it disappear completely because all of my cables ten to "run together" around my desk. That said shielding the signal wires from stray RF is your only option, OR turn them up really LOUD. Just kidding.
Absolutely.
I use a small mixer for the connection between the Line out on PC to XLR in of the RP8G2's.
Yes. Price is for one single 8" monitor. To have a set you would need to buy 2.
It should...it fits my StarfireV with a Bigsby just fine.
It depends on how close the SKV body shape is to a Gibson ES 335 or an Epiphone Dot. I play an Agile AS1000 and although it has a different detail in the shape, it has the same footprint as the 335, so it fits. If your SKV is a 335 copy, it should fit.
This is definitely not the correct case for the Taylor. This case is for thin, semi-hollow electric guitar.
The Danelectro '59 is a semi hollow guitar but the body isn't as wide as a Gibson 335. It will fit but on the widest part of the guitar, is not wide enough to fill the whole compartment. Too much open space and the guitar will be bouncing up and down while you walk or during transportation. I won't recommend it.
Hey, Lynn, Absolutely it does. The very guitar that I put in this case is an Ibanez AS Custom. It fits great. You will be very happy with this case. I own several Calton Cases as well, and this case is of similar quality. It's a great buy.
It absolutely will! I have the same guitar fits perfectly.
Howdy... I purchased the case for a client who had a Gibson ES137, same body size as a ES335 but slightly thicker. The case fit well. I don't know the dimensions of the AF75, but if they are close to the Gibson body size it should be an OK fit.
I doubt th as t it would fit. The neck angle/pitch on the Starcaster is different than the Gibson style Agile I own, and the Agile is pretty tight in there. I would go online to the Gator and SKB websites and ask them directly about the Starcaster. Another option is a really high quality soft case, like a Mono, which would protect your guitar without a custom fit.
ES175 is too deep for this case. ES335 only.
Sorry I can't help you. Don't know that specific guitar. I bought this case for a Taylor T5
You have to buy separately. Besides that, the desk is sturdy and well made.
Depth: 30" Width: 56" Height: 34" I should also note that this desk is stellar - love the thing for my home studio.
It can be used anywhere it can be clipped onto something. I use it on my music stand and clip it onto my sheet music binder. Works great and better than many "book" reading lights that I've tried in the past.
They are in the clip-on base.
there were 2 dfferent prices...$16. & $25. i bought the more expensive one and yes...it came with a power adapter...used it with batteries too and they lastes a long time
I just measured the cord length on mine unit and it's about 6 and one half feet
I don't know about the adapter because I don't use it. I put batteries in it and use it on my music stand during concerts. There are no plugs around. The model I have has push buttons. It has two levels of brightness, so you have to push the switch twice to turn it off completely.
My wife actually uses these while playing in her hand bell choir. She tells me they can rotated anyway you want to turn them. She just brought them in and showed me that they twist in all different directions.
The batteries are in the clip/base. I screwed the base (carefully) to my mom's sewing machine with both lamps pointing at the needle area.
Yes. That is how I use it. It 'a great because both pages are equally lit.
The lamps can be rotated into any position! They're working well for me. I noticed that Tony Bennett's pianist during the I Tunes Music Festival was using this same lighting.
The AC adapter does NOT have a USB end. Strictly AC. To turn each lamp on requires a push button on each light. Cannot turn them both on with one switch. Hope that helps!
This one is Japanese components and I believe it is assembled in the us i could be wrong about that but definitely Japanese components, I have one and it is an amazing mixing board it even has conpressors
Hi yes, the one without use USB you can still record with different outputs though
There is a stereo "phones" output jack. However you will need a 1/4-Inch (6.3mm) Male to 1/8-Inch (3.5mm) Female stereo adapter.
Not Steven, but you can find some fit in gatorcases.com
Hello, Yes of Course Perfect match...Thanks from 8thstreet Music,
Yes, it can be used overseas. It has ac adapter to be used in 100-220v.
Yes
Hello the USB is 2 channel stereo, Thanks 8thstreet.com (((8thstreet Music)))
Yes, the keys are weighted. They feel a bit heavy for me, as I have gotten so used to 'pseudo-weighted' keyboards like a korg trinity.
I have the On Stage KS7350 Pro Heavy Duty Folding Z Keyboard Stand for my P85. It doesn't screw in, but it comes with foam pads that provide more friction. It can be set fairly wide, which improves stability as well. I haven't had problems with the piano moving.
Yes, the one I bought 4 years ago (sent from Musicians Friend) had the sustain pedal and power supply included. My wife plays it 3 to 4 times a week and the instrument plays as well as on the first day.
Scott, $250 is a low price for this piano. I paid around $500 and I am still very happy for what I have. This is one of the best investments I have made. I am a professional violinist and I can speak with no dought of the quality of this product. Let me know if you have any other questions.
Ours has been fine but hasn't been used too much. I'd call Yamaha and/or an instrument repair shop to see about fixing what likely is a minor internal electrical issue (loose wire, burnt chip, cheap stuff). It has the most genuine and beautiful piano action I, and my mom's best friend concert pianist of 50 years, ever have experienced on an electric. It's the action from a real acoustic Yamaha piano that uses electric amplification. About as pure as it gets. Take it in and fix it - cost depending of course - it's too fine an instrument to trash. Good luck, Steve
It's awesome! I am a court reporter and have to sit at the end of conference tables that sit six, eight or ten chairs all the way down and it picks up perfectly .... UNLESS the air conditioner is blasting over your head, then it's not so good, but you can usually hear okay, sometimes NOT!!! But this is the second I purchased because the first one the USB port/cord kept falling out of the mic and was fizzling out. So I put SUPER GLUE on it and it ruined it. So I bought another one and the plug is tight and I don't mess with it or take it in and out. (the cable that goes into the mic, just leave that alone.)
I haven't used it with anything past win7 but I can't imagine you'd have any difficulties.
It works with standard windows drivers, so you don't need software to use it with Skype. If you want to record then you will need to get some kind of recording software. Recording length will depend on the software you get.
Yes, it does.
I've used it with the garage band app on an iPad 2 (with both iOS6 & iOS7) via the standard apple USB adapter - it works fine!
It fit my 000X1 perfectly.
Yes, it fits perfectly. I bought the SKB 000 case for my Ibanez AC240.
Yes. The big baby is just a bit smaller then the inner dimensions of this case. This is a great case for the money
No, the BR60 CE is a Drednought body style and would be too large for a 000 size case Buy the same case in Dred size and you'll be good for air travel
No, This case is for 000 sized/style guitars and is not specifically for a cutaway.
Yes
Its an excellent case, but the dimensions are not for a dreadnought.
Greetings: I just checked the SKB website to make sure: Your guitar should fit. very nicely. www.ladueguitars.com
I believe it would be fine for either as the body size is 000 for both. The major differences being the location of the bridge on the soundboard and the neck being slightly shorter on the 12 fret version. I use this case for a 14 fret Larivee OM and it fits like a glove. Good luck!
Get the dimensional specs for your instrument from the manufacturer's site, then go to the SKB site to compare specs with the appropriate case. Thats how I determined that this case would work for my resonator guitar.
yes it can. i use it with mine, which has banjo tuners. great case.
dear customer, Please see link below with specification for this item and also you can contact manufacture: http://www.skbcases.com/music/products/proddetail.php?id=459&c=82&o=&s=75 thank you Ivana
Yes, I'm pretty confident it will.
The krk 5s are best suit for you. Small studio= small monitors. But trust me, the sound from these aren't small!
Yes sir, they are dual voltage there will be a switch on the back that you can switch for 220v application
Hello Marjus! It all depends on how you want to hook it up, meaning that if you use USB out for the music you would need a small USB Dac with RCA out puts or you could use a USB DAC with balanced outputs as the KRK takes RCA and balanced inputs. They do not have a digital input on the back of the KRK so no input for Coax or SPDIF directly. If you go from the MAC SPDIF out without using USB, then you need a cable that is SPDIF mini (like for a MAC) to RCA left and Right, now this cable you will want to be able to split apart, one to the left side and one to the right the distance that you have your speakers placed. I think I mentioned this in my review that you have to get a cable that you can split apart. So in essence it all depends on how you want to export your sound to the speakers. But I love them, I have them on speaker stands because I did not want to give up desk real estate. My setup is like this: ASUS lap top&gt; USB sound out&gt; Calyx Coffee Dac&gt; Mini single ended RCA (like from a computer) to Mini Balanced RCA Left side speaker and right side speaker. Hope that helps! Matt
You should be able to plug into both without issue... unless your audio interface doesn't have XLR input output on it.
My son has his Rokit speakers right next to (almost touching) his ASUS monitor with no issues what so ever. I ran them next to my HP monitor for a short time with no issues. Hope this helps.
If it has trs inputs or has the ability to take a usb soundcard with trs inputs. In short you must have trs ins
No they will not. They are already powered and connect with a 1/4 inch jack or xlr. These are not stereo speakers. They are meant for recording.
At least with my experience, they were included. You do need to purchase 2 trs cables though.
Xlr cables are the best for studios works
The KRK are very overrated, but popular monitors. They have a bright yellow cone and a killer marketing team. For accurate monitors at this price, I would go with the Samson Resolve without thinking twice. You can get a 6inch woofer for the price of KRK's 5in. These sound fantastic, rivalling the Yamaha's. Very detailed, flat, and accurate. http://www.amazon.com/Resolv-Active-Studio-Reference-Monitor/dp/B00AQZY9A6/ref=sr_1_14?s=musical-instruments&ie=UTF8&qid=1394830942&sr=1-14&keywords=samson+monitor+5
They are whatever the standard size is for machine heads, which I think is 10mm. I threw away the heads that came with it and ordered quality locking heads from Axes R Us, and they fitted perfectly without incident.
Not sure but I would give one of these companies that specialize in guitar kits like this a try. One I know of is Reid & Son Distributors http://www.rasdistributors.com/about-us. I have delt with them and they were pretty helpful. Sorry for the delay, had to dig up the link.
I couldn't tell you the specific neck thickness, but I can say it is significantly thinner than a Gibson les Paul neck. I've had Ibanez players say how much they like the neck size on this and I've been playing it for almost 3 years now.
No, I wish you could. I need 2 Les Paul necks and their is no contact info beyond Amazon. You might try eBay, I've found used necks there.
I contacted the company once before and they NEVER responded back to me! BUYER BEWARE! Read all the feedback on this item! DO NOT SAND THE BODY! YOU WILL SAND THROUGH THE THIN WOOD SHEET! Allot of work must be done to to this item and your better off spending the money on something much better, and is allready made!
as with any guitar, you only need to use the screws, mine have held fine for over a year
No - the body has a thick sealer that is very tough to remove. Look at the answers to question "is the body able to be stained or painted ?", most people paint the body with a solid color. I tried to remove the sealer and burned through the very thin maple veneer.
No.
Yes, I got spray cans from Stewart MxDonald; nitrocellulose. Sunburst is not that hard to do
Wiring you can get at a local electronic store I purchased mine at radio shack. Most commonly used is 8 gauge wire. When I got mine it was three spools in three different colors and was like 10 bucks or so. And hardware you can get at a local music store if you have one or you can look online. Use amazon they have a huge selection.
Well, I have a guess. The horizontal antenna can not be placed over anything. If you set the thing up on a table top it will be silent. You can use a table but then you must be sure the antenna is hanging over the edge. Or you can use a stand, like a microphone or cymbal stand. Good luck!
Sorry, this listing on Amazon is for the U.S. version. They cannot be interchanged based on Amazon rules as they would no longer be exact to the product description.
Do you have it connected to an amplifier? That is required.
Hi Ele, this listing is for the US power supply version only.
Hi. The Theremin requires a little assembly -- basically screwing in the two components. It does not have a speaker so it needs to be connected to an amplifier or speaker. It can be screwed onto a microphone stand but playing it on a table works just fine too. Thanks. Andy
It has a bracket on the bottom just for that purpose. The left side round field needs the clearance or the theremin won't work. I reccomend going to the moog site and see what the reccomend.
The wooden body is 18"x5.5"x2.5". The volume antena (loop) sticks out 9". The pitch antenna (vertical) stands 14" high.
I bought mine as a gift for my wife. I don't know. That's a question I would ask the manufacturer. http://www.moogmusic.com/contact
No.
First off you should try to find an amp that has a lot of power I think these speakers are rated for about 700 W RMS per speaker and you should try to find a legitimate company to buy the power amp from Peavey being one. I suggestion stay away from companies like Pyle their power ratings are not legit
Seismic audio delivers A quality product, and depending on your wattage, it would be comparable, although I'm not sure of the weight. These SA speakers are pretty light...
Yes, they are easily removed. I can't say I'd recommend taking them off though... Why do you want to do this?
I used banana plugs for the amp output, and soldered 1/4 mono jacks for the speakers to a length of wire.
No, but they are awesome speakers for the money
Yes, I have them bridged to my power amp.
Hello. I'm not sure what you mean by "bridging" the speakers. This is a term usually used for amps. However if you wanted to daisy chain these with another speaker the 1/4" plugs are wired in parallel so any speaker connected to this speaker by 1/4" cable is in parallel with it. These are in 4 ohms now, so if you daisy chained them together they would be at 2 ohms. Have a great day!
Not to sure about that but I have a peavey 600 watt driving them and it great!
The Pyle should have enough to drive these, However if you want thumping Bass, you might try Sub woofers. I use a Crown 3000 watt amp and it gives it plenty of sound, especially in the Mid to High, However A sub woofer in conjunction with these bad boys would really sound great.
The plus offers a in-mic audio jack and voice mixer all in the mic itself.
You could buy an external mixer but it is not really necessary. You can also purchase sound mixing/editing software such as Sony Forge or Sony ACID. Go to www.sonycreativesoftware.com for more details on this.
It comes by default with a USB cable. There may be compatibility/driver issues with mac or thunderbolt cables. It would be best to just free up a USB port.
i think this one is better then blue yeti here some stuff i did with audio technica https://soundcloud.com/jaereload
Yes. What you see in the picture is what you get. The microphone, the connection, and the stand.
Only way I know to mute is thru sound devices
Yes, It has the base that can be screwed into the pro stands for booms and stands.
Your model number is DS7200B. Call 330-686-2600 ext. 5002 This is Audio-Technica support/parts department. Ask them how they can direct you for help.
If your stomach is growling, it will pick it up. I don't eat anything before I record.
No, it is a great mic.
When it's plugged, you can make it an amplified acoustic sound or the electric sound. Not plugged, it sounds like a beginner guitar, which is fine!
It was a little harder than I like it so I took mine to my local music store and had them lower the action. Now it plays great.
I cant fully say cause my amp broke before i got it, did u put a battery in it?
we plugged ours into an amp and it worked fine...maybe check your cord or maybe there is a defect in the one you got?
I'm not a guitar expert (I bought this guitar for my daughter). However, from what I see online of where truss rods are located, it sure looks like it has one. Looking inside the sound hole in the body, I can see what looks like allen wrench hole coming out of the neck. Sorry to not be more definitive. Hope it helps.
yes. ours did.
Personally I have only been taking lessons for 8 months now. I heard about this guitar from a friend of mine who has been playing for years and was in a band. He raved about this guitar which made me try it. I have had mine since May and I love it. I am really surprised how good it sounds and looks. It is a full size guitar however for an acoustic it is on the thin side. I did take this guitar to my local guitar shop and had them lower the action which made it so much better for my taste. It sounds good through an amp but I am guessing that is more of an opinion. There are no obvious problems with it. Hope this helps.
Yes. My boys like to freestyle all the time. Obviously, you will not have the words.
yes it sure dose play CD, but you may have to raise your voice over it when the CD is playing. it's one great machine we have purchased two of them in the past, they still work great. hope this helps...
I bought an additional cord to plug in the back to use with an ipod. The cord was super cheap.
All I can say is I haven't had the problems some people are reporting. The machine works great for me. I didn't have any problems getting it connected to the stereo or the TV and sound quality is OK. Not recording studio good, but what I expected for the price.
From the tip of the cord to mouth piece it is about eleven feet. The microphone is about eight inches long.
It is geared for someone older as far as the operation of it but there is no reason younger kids couldn't learn to use it.
Yes it does!
Yes, one.
Not that I am aware
Yes you can do both
The book/music area is 20 inches wide, and the lip that the music sits on is 2 1/4 inches deep.
No
It's light weight and the bag has a shoulder strap and handles. There are other more compact stands but they aren't as rigid as this one.
I just pulled it out and can't find a country of manufacture anywhere on it.
I measured about 46 inches from the floor on ours. Hope this is helpful.
Probably. Center stem should extend easily, as should legs. Without visual inspection on my part, I suspect that the center tube is bent. I would look into return/exchange.
You don't need anything but these speakers. They do both. They sounds great too
19 X 12 X12 inch
Hi,What do you mean standard speaker wire? if you use a bigger wire than original is better for the signal.
Binding Posts, use banana posts or twist wires on. An AMP is required. VocoPro DA-3700 would be good enough.
Stands would need to be purchased separately.
It work great. I buy this to replace my yamaha ns777
This is strictly an acoustic guitar. No pickup installed. You can buy an outboard pickup if you want or just mic through a PA.
It is 1.5 inches usingmy tape measure to check
13-3/4 inches at the widest, 37" long. Hope that helps.
This is a 3/4 size guitar, NOT a regular size, you will want a regular size guitar. This is only for youth about age 5-10.
There is only one strap button at the bottom and nothing by the neck. If a child is using the guitar, and required the use of a strap it could be a problem. But in my case I use this guitar as a travel one and the size is small enough where a strap is not required. Hope this helps.
1.68"
Steel strings
If the six year old is big for their age, otherwise get the child size guitar. If they are going to stay with it and grow into it, it will be good for quite some time.
steel :)
Vickie, I have no idea. I just bought it for my daughter several years ago and did not realize it came with a lifetime guarantee. Sorry I'm no help.
They're a little cheaper that way.
Yes
No they are not I bought a amp to power mines
No, they're not. They're too big to be pole mounted. They can be used on top of sub woofers or by them self.
Yes it will
They would be fine on the floor,they really don't take up a lot of space.
Hi Rick, I would go with the EP-4000 over the iNuke any time I can. Of course there is also always the Seismic Audio Epicenter 5202 and Magnitude 2400 ;) The Epicenter is the closest power rating of any of these 4. The Magnitude is more powerful for more head room, but you can overload the speaker with that much power. The quality difference with these guys comes down to damping factor. The EP is &gt;300, but the Epicenter and Magnitude are &gt;400 for increased clarity. The iNuke has a lot of "power rating" but doesn't give the better performance.
Yes, these are DJ speakers. The bass and vocals are very nice.
yep, once u get good amps fr dem
These are great for bands. Most DJ's settle on these now and the bands go with the FL-155pc which have a tighter tone and flatter frequency response. But either is a great band application. When it comes down to it a good speaker is a good speaker. We designed these to be the best speaker you can get for this amount. The same with the FL series, which costs a little more, but all that money goes into the quality of the product.
There are NO SHELVES. This is a real nice, heavy castor rack mount stand for amps, preamps, electronic crossover, power conditioners and such. It allows 18" for width, 18.25" deep but allows rear overhang because their is no back. This is for rack mount equipment and comes with rack mount screws and screw holes to mount any equipment to the face of the rack (each side). The bottom shelf could easily hold over 500 lbs. I have two 4,000 rms amps, a 2,500 and a 1,400 watt amps for a total of four. these easily weigh 300+ lbs. I additionally have a dbx-3bx, a two way stereo electronic crossover and a furman power conditioner. This is not a typical stereo component rack w/ shelves. This is a heavy component rack for rack mount pieces. Typically they mount to the front of rack with four screws (provided) each on the front corners of component. Behringer EUROPOWER EP4000 Professional 4,000-Watt Stereo Power Amplifier with Atr (Accelerated Transient Response) Technology. Cut and paste this description to amazon & you'll see my power amp with the four mount holes on the face of the amp. Any further questions, I would be more than willing to help you find what you need.
It is 27 1/2 inches height
I just measured and there are two grouped with 1/2" to the next group. There are also two ways you can assemble this. One way has I think metric holes and the other are SAE threaded.
No rails or shelves it does come with screws and a philips screwdriver though
No, you will need an amp to power this speakers. I'm using a Pyle PQA 3100, but you could buy the more powerful Pyle amp.
The connectors are Neutrik "Speakon" 2 wire connectors (that is, the speakers receive audio on the 1+ and 1- connections, the 2+ and 2- connections are not used). Here's a link to the connectors you need (one per speaker): http://www.amazon.com/Neutrik-NL2FX-Speakon-Connector-Cable/dp/B00FN28RU0 Note that each speaker has TWO Neutrik jacks on the rear. They are simply tied in parallel (so that either one will do the same thing). Seismic provides two jacks so that you can daisy-chain speakers (for example, amp to a speaker, then first speaker to a second speaker, a second to a third, etc...) For home audio use, you only need to use one connector on each speaker (and it doesn't matter which one you use - electrically they are identical). Lastly, be sure to buy genuine Neutrik connectors. Other brands are not as well made as the Neutrik parts are. Hope this helps.
If the mixer has an amp built in, yes but not just a standard mixer, no. Mackie, Allen&Heath and Behringer all are well known brands. These are 8 ohm speakers so you need to make sure that any amp will provide adequate power at 8ohms.
They take the 1 3/8 inch diameter speaker stands. These really are pretty good speakers. If you get them check the 1/4 inch inputs. The locking nuts that hold the jacks loosen. Also if using the speakon connections check to make sure the speakon connector actually locks into place. Only one of my speakers connects correctly but fortunately my powered mixer has 1/4 inch outs.
Speaker cables are sold sepetate.
Your powered Pyle mixer is 8ohm output, these speakers are 8ohm. Also, the mixer puts out 800 watts total (400 per channel), speakers are rated at 350 watts rms, 750 max. Don't see where you would have any issues.
not good..you have to add a sub woofer.... i think the bass only goes down to 250 hz on these and they are only 15". i use a jbl subwoofer with an 18" speaker on the bottom
yes it should work just fine I'm using and 800watt per ch amp and it work just fine
You just need one. There is a second jack in the back in case you want to hook up a second set of speakers.
There's nothing on the back of these to support a wall mount but if you built some brackets and mounted them to studs, you'd be ok. They're not very heavy.
Absolutely. As long as this meets your power requirements you could do either small gigs without a PA, or large gigs where you just need stage volume. You may need to pair this with another cabinet for larger gigs if you do not have a PA for sound reinforcement.
no! no volume control on this cabinet
200 watts RMS, 400 watts peak.
It's a good speaker, I've been happy with the sound.
Hi Mark, Yes your Bass Head should work well with the SA-210 Bass Cab. Thanks for asking... Have a great day.
Hi, No this cabinet is not recommended for a home theater system. This is a bass guitar cabinet. If used for any other purpose, the sound would be muddy.
A great speaker well worth the price I use it with a 300 watt amp and it sounds great!
You have to buy the exact size case for your violin. A case made for a 4/4 violin would be way too big for a 1/2 size violin. And allow the smaller violin to move around inside of the case and possibly get damaged. Buy a 1/2 size case for your 1/2 violin and your violin will fit snuggly and securely.
Yes, there is a very nice velvet blanket included to protect the violin. I must add that the case is well make and we have not had any problems with it. My granddaughter got the pink case and it's the envy of all of her friends.
Yes, it comes with a set of backpack straps and the case has the metal rings to clip the straps to it. I will also add that this case is very light weight and well built and my 11 year old loves it.
Outside dimensions: slightly over 32" long when measured on top of the outside pocket. Width at the base: 10" Dimension of violin cavity: 25" long. Width at the base: 8 1/2"
It's not leather, it's a heavy-duty-like sleek matte material or something, but the one I got was the first with the fancy pocket of the sleek material, not the simpler one.
This has a shoulder strap, but has plenty of room inside.We have the full size case and it has plenty of room for everything including shoulder rest.
My son uses the exterior pocket which has enough depth and volume to hold a his full-size shoulder rest. His shoulder rest is the type with the fasteners that fold inward.
I am not sure but the 1950's Elk Hart Sax that we own fits with a little room to spare (6" Bell). Hope this helps!
Yes, it will. We purchased this for my daughter several months ago. It fits her tenor sax, is lighter than her old one, and has held up nicely. We are very pleased with it, and the price really can't be beat.
No, not even close.
I bought this case and it fit my sax. The case is a little bit moldable as well and will sort of mold to your sax. Idk if your exact sax will fit but its a good great case.
Yep, it has a zipper. FYI, the zipper on mine broke after about 2 years.
Yes it is very durable
yes, this case will fit your sax just fine. thanks for your interest. rick/ Musiqueweb
Exterior 32" long 12.5 tall 8" deep (including pockets), interior molded to size of standard Tenor Sax with a 5.5" x 3.5" x 2.5" opening with lid for reeds. Shaped areas to fit neck and mouthpiece.
about 6.5" in diameter - the size of a dessert plate. Easy for small hands to hold!
just one
Just one--I expected multiple small ones due to the picture, but a fairly large, single yellow one arrived for my son. It's a bit heavy/awkward for him (11 months old) but he does like it.
One! They show all four with one price. No choice on color. So I thought they all were being sold for the one price. It's misleading.
It is 6.5 inches wide. The hole in the middle is 3 inches.
"Israel" is printed on the toy. The packaging states "meets and exceeds ASTM F963 toy safety requirements. Made in Israel." I'd say it is of top quality.
Buyers outside the USA BEWARE. This product, as supplied for the USA market, operates on a 120V AC supply. If you plug this device into any other type of supply (for instance, the 230V UK or European supply), it will be destroyed.
Actually it doesn't... but printing out the lyrics of ANY song from Lyrics.com (I think thats the website) will do the same thing.... Even better really because you will never have to invest money to add songs to a karaoke system. Don't let the fact that you won't have scrolling lyrics on a screen to stop you from buying this..... It is surprisingly a feature you will be happy with.... the system dubs out the vocals (but I believe you hear them at a faint level which actually helps the singer) I have ordered it and haven't used it but I know quite a few people who have it and had the same concern about the lyrics, none of which are disappointed and are actually happy its made that way!!! Good luck, I hope you buy it and enjoy it!!
just called customer service.it works with i-phone.u have to connect via line-in cable.
Yes, it's simply a cord so would work for iPhones 4S and below. However the ONLY thing securing your itouch/iPhone is the cord that connects it to the unit. You simply place your device in that circle portion and it "rests" in there. At the bottom of the circle is a small indent so the cord doesn't interfere with the fit... But it does. My daughter was very excited to get this as she wanted a stand up microphone, but unfortunately her itouch fell out and cracked the first time she really used it. Granted it was outside on pavers for a party, but it shouldn't have happened anyway. The plastic piece on top of the circle has also broken off... She's only had this 7 months, she's 12 and responsible and has barely used it. I would have returned it right away but like I said she wanted a microphone stand and for that it's decent. Wouldn't buy again though. She got a lot more mileage out of a box type karokee. Sorry... I was excited when I bought the item.... Just not after. Good luck. Oh and the company didn't seem to care.
Do you mean as a microphone to speak in front of a group? If that is the question, then yes. It's a normal microphone (and loud enough without a amp or additional speaker).
About three feet. The mic can be taken off the stand. My young child loved this to sing into, almost daily.
We just set ours up and the itouch stays in it just fine. I put the cord down into the slot and then it keeps it in there securely.
No there is not anything that allows for recording the person singing.
Yes. Anything with an earphone jack can play to the speaker.
The part for the mic broke on mine too... sorry I dont know if it can be replaced.
It comes with pipes that act like shelfs. Two to a row that the LPs sit on quite nicely enough.
Heavy press board, but pretty solid stuff.
I have two of them. You might be able to screw wheels on the bottoms, but the screws would need to be fairly short. I would be concerned you would split the wood and damage the cabinets.
According to the Sefour site the unit is 57 3/4" h 17 5/8"w X 19 7/8" d. It'd hard to say exact measurements because the unit tapers toward the top. Hope this helps.
17-1/2" plus a hair
Howdy... a guesstimate I could make is that it's about 4 feet high and around 2 feet across.
I can't be sure. I moved on to a Taylor grand concert myself. I would check the dimensions of a Martin 0001x that I put in it and compare it to your grand auditorium. Good luck!
Mine fits a 1964 Guild parlor guitar snugly. You actually have to compress the foam a little with your hand when inserting the Guild, but its not so tight that it would hurt anything. It is a very high quality case.
Not sure about sizing but quality sucks.
Yes. It will be a tight fit but will not hurt the guitar. I have a mid 60's Guild f30 nt in mine.
No
I bought the case for a steel string 000 guitar which fits perfectly. I have a Yamaha classical which I tried in the case and although the guitar fit in the case OK, I was unable to close the case as the classical guitar has a deeper body. I would suggest you look for a case specifically designed for a classical guitar.
Yes it comes with a lock and key
It will fit any OM size guitar - not a dreadnought or jumbo size.
Good question- here are your main issues: The dimension of a Seagull mini jumbo on the lower bout is 16 inches, but the case dimension on the lower bout is 15 inches. The waist of the mini jumbo is 9.53 inches, and the waist of the case is 10.5 inches. The upper bout of the mini jumbo is 11.59 inches, and the upper bout of the case is 11.25 inches. The body depth of the mini jumbo is 5 inches, and the case body depth is. 4.5 inches. The body length of the mini jumbo is 20 inches, and the case body length is 19.25 inches. In short, the padding in this case is stiff, and with the variance on the lower bout alone, you will not have a good fit at all, not to mention the pressure from the top onto the body depth when closed, if you are even able to get the guitar to be jammed inside. I would move to a mini jumbo case or a even a dreadnought case, because these will fit the depth and lower bout of the Seagull mini jumbo guitar. This 000 Silver Creek case will not be a good fit, and may damage your guitar. I hope this helps.
I have a Recording King RO-06 000 (14 fret model, OM style small body) which fits snugly in this case.
It comes with black strips, but yes, it comes with everything you will need. You can buy them separately though. Hope this helps. Cheers!
Yes. That would be model # B1320.
Yes. You will have to cut it. I would just get a cheap snare strainer to use.
I am pretty sure it did. If not I have used string, even shoe laces in a pinch
This machine cleans great!
There is nothing automatic about it. Works well, but yu have to apply a lot of pressure with the hand tool to lift up the dirt on stairs. Suction is good and still the best home cleaner that I have used. 1st one broke down after 4 uses, but I have a 3500 square foot house and pets. Did a well enough job that I looked for another exact one when it was time to Spring clean again.
i believe its put together. It's been awhile. Maybe I just had to put the hose holder together. Not difficult at all.
It's big like a full sized vacuume cleaner.
Very good question Judy! The BISSELL PowerSteamer Deep Cleaner is an extraction cleaner. The term"steamer" is used generically in the deep cleaning industry to identify the process of hot water extraction. The combination of hot tap water, the BISSELL Formula and suction provides a safe and effective method of cleaning.
Yes
No
It comes with the machine (of course) with the attached hose, an attachment for corners and a brush attachment for furniture. So, it's basically everything you need in a basic steam cleaner for your floors and furniture. It actually does work well and I'm happy with how it cleans.
The clean water and dirty water are part of same container.. the dirty water pulls the clean water and there is no possible way for the water to mix. The whole piece is about the weight of a gallon of milk. It is obvious when you need to get fresh water, it makes a difference in sound..
This machine has a two part chamber. you fill one part with the cleaning fluid and water, the dirty water drains in the separated chamber. Makes using the machine easier and more efficient to use.
Yes. If the program won't install from the CD, download the latest version, 2.3.1, from the Toontrack website. http://www.sevenstring.org/forum/recording-studio/132404-q-superior-drummer-2-0-windows-7-x64.html https://www.toontrack.com/support_portal.asp?prod=Superior&issue=Download&os=Windows%207&seq=-
I think you can register 3. I'm positive that you can register 2. I have it on my desktop and laptop. Toontrack's licensing and user area is extremely user friendly.
This packaging looks like the one I have. Once installed you may have to upgrade to 2.3.1, but that's a free upgrade. Depending where you buy it, the seller may simply just want to get it out the door. I believe that I paid $179.00 for my version, that was a year ago, maybe longer. Are you buying it from a store or a private seller? I believe Amazon has some buyer protection, you might want to use that. The 2 stores I typically purchase from are audiodeluxe.com and jrrshop.com, when you get on their email list you will receive tons of offers selling this stuff at really low prices. And the price you mentioned would not be out of line in one of their sales. It's to the point where I wont buy anything unless it on sale and at least 50-60% off, and every month or two, you'll find what you're looking for. I hope I've answered your question, if I haven't, ask me another question. I'm happy to help folks with this stuff.
EZ Drummer 2 just came out recently, and Windows XP is a legacy product, these new plugins are pretty hefty, so I would seriously think about getting yourself a newer system with a Quad Core processor or you could be looking at serious underun....(pops & clicks) I own Superior 2.0 and it is very demanding!
I have never used Toontrack that way because I'm not a drummer like yourself so I can't say yes, but I can not believe they don't have a very simple implementation given that triggers have been used on electronic. Drums for some. 30 years!
Heck yeah!
Oh heck yah....Toontrack has awesome support...everytime I had a problem it was alwaus that I didnt read the manual...which no one does lets face it....support was always perfect ..within a business day....windows 8 is actually better for high end power users in Audio and Video, because it does not turn the pocessors cores off like windows 7 does
You would have to talk to Toontrack.....very good support----I would think so , but I only have the EZplayer pro which comes with Superior2.0
Not sure Cesar I use pro tools but I will say that once I worked through the install issues and got it working right the drum sounds are the best I have ever got from a Drum simulator.
I played 4 hrs non stop and it will still turn on. So longer than 4-6 hrs.
why not both?
It requires a DC9V-DC12V 250mA. So you have a range of volts to work with, but a set milliamp. Good luck. Have fun.
Yes as long as your intention is to use it as a practice amp in a small confined area
For solo practice where you don't want to shake the whole house? Yes. For practice with a band? No; it would not be loud enough and the speaker is too small to produce the appropriate sound necessary to be heard over drums/guitar/PA, etc.
There has to be a 1/4" guitar chord plugged into the input on the amp in order to get power.
I've used this amp only in closed rooms. When the volume is too high it tends to get distortioned. I don't recommend it for busking.
a speaker this size has poor bass quality. check out the fender mustang mini, it uses 6 c batterys, and comes with a very nice ac adapter.
No, It's designed to electric guitars. I don't know any other that works with Cellos.
Mine did too, and the battery goes out so quick it isnt even funny, the crunchy factor though thats just the bass and resonance of the strings
The bag measures 43.75 inches by 20.25 inches.
43 X 20 is more like it. The dimensions given may be for the thing inside a box for shipping. It is a fairly large bag. Weight is about 9-10 pounds.
I purchased the case for my grandson who had a 61 key Yamaha keyboard. He is very happy with the case
I don't think so. There is some extra space but just enough to put in or out comfortably the keyboard
I don't know? I use mine for a Yamaha PSR S900.
I do not know exact dimension, however I returned mine because it was much wider than my 61 key Yamaha keyboard which is abut 36" wide. I then bought a World Tour brand carry case that fit better and has two zippered pockets on the outside.
About 50" - My YPG-235 fits it in just fine
yes it can. perfectly.
The base of my stand will not fit in the bag with my YPG-235.
I do not believe you will be able to fit both into the carrying case. It does a really good job of protecting the key-board, however, and I recommend it for that alone.
The bag measures at 53.5 x 21.5 x 1.5 (the depth is not major as the bag is built flexible so room for depth is taken from width, my depth is 5.75) My keyboard is slightly smaller than yours (76 key) at 46x16x5.75, the bag is plenty big enough to fit a bigger keyboard.
It's huge and the keyboard has some weight to it, but it does have a shoulder strap. It is like a large artist's portfolio. You will be able to walk with it, but it will be a little awkward.
Yes. Delay would go on all the sound output
If you mean an upright, almost definitely not. If you mean like a mariachi bass, maybe. But I wouldn't bet on it. The mobile cube is a very small box, so I wouldn't recommend anyone buy it expecting rich and complex bass reproduction. Simple, percussive or electronic bass is fine through the cube, but when I think "acoustic" I think of a much more complex sound quality. I used to play electric bass, and it would not even occur to me to plug my Gibson into the cube. Maybe I'll give it try, though. I suppose I might be surprised. I'll report back here again if there's anything worth reporting.
If I do not have anything (no Inputs) plugged into the amp, mine does not hum, even with volume turned up to max.
It works but in term of a limited audience about 10 and sit about 10 feet from the screen. Besides, for audio input (aux in), you can't control the volume from the unit itself (except for playing guitar). It just does not support that. You have to control sound from your sound source device such as DVD player or whatever. I played electric guitar outdoor for an audience of 30 and I turned on the volume all the way. I still felt it is not loud enough. For your info, there is another model that allow volume control from both guitar in put and aux in is Roland MOBILE AC Acoustic Combo Amp. Another model is Roland MOBILE-BA which has the control of echo and delay for microphone input (designed for voice).
I don't know why you need to hook it up to a roland cm30. Itself is stereo, it has stereo input and stereo head phone out. With that it has enough line in and line out to hook up with other devices. But for 2 amplifiers to connect together? I don't understand the idea behind that. One think you might think of, doing that it might increase the static sound all PA have more or less.
Yes. But require a strong stand.
It uses 6 AA batteries or AC adaptor.
Yes, you can, you need an adaptor if the mic has a balanced plug but there are two volume knobs to control your mike and guitar.. You can add an aux input but don't go to far unless you spend prep time with overall balance .
No. That's extra if you want one.
No, the adaptor wont affect the sound at all. I routinely plug in my guitar and a xlr mike with adaptor, and plug in a 1/8th to 1/4 inch cord to a PA and it sounds like "pro sound" very nice.
16 1/2 inches in length, 2 inches in width and 17 3/4 depth from the wall.
Pair of mounts in the box
I would certainly think so. These are very sturdy and work well with my large speakers. Have fun!
Yea. The stands come with an adapter also for larger speakers but you can remove it for standard 36 mm speaker mount size.
Depending on how heavy the speakers are you are using, I believe pre-drilled holes and the blue cement screws would hold. Stay w/ the specs on weight. Otherwise, you can find pretty much any anchor you need at Lowes or Home Depot. Totally satisfied w/ these wall mount stands.
Sure but you're going to have to hit a stud or use some heavy duty anchors rated for your speaker weight (and then some). I went into wood studs through drywall.
From the mounting bracket, that lags into wall, to the center of mounting stud, that speaker mounts on, is 15". I can put 12" Jbl on them.
I don't know why they would not work.
I think it will .. I own a pair holding 12" JBL around 50 lbs with no problem ...
I don't believe they would, we used them for tower speakers and I don't think they would fit or support the weight. Sorry
Yes hard case included. Thank you, Adam GTRSTORE 646-460-8472
The Gretsch G6241 Hollow Body Electric Guitar Case. Thanks Andrew.
This is made in Japan.
It cannot be rotated; maybe you could rig up some kind of gymballed mount, though.
yes, it would.
Yes, it holds just about any type of glass, I'm very happy with it.
No, if you're referring to a "Koozie", an insulating container to put a bottle in. The split-clamp that holds the glass or bottle can be stretched apart a little bit. I've done that because I usually drink from a standard 1/2 pint beer glass (wider at the top than at the bottom) and wanted the glass to set on the bottom of the holder which keeps a beverage cooler longer. The material around the clamp that also holds the glass in place is made of neoprene (wet-suit material) and insulates the beverage quite a while. I'm of German descent and don't care when my brew gets warmer. I drink approx. 1/2 pint / hour so it's still cool after 30-40 minutes when used indoors. The clamp comes sized for a standard-size beer bottle. I works well for me - being able to take a quick sip between songs!
Yes... Only cans and bottles. Don't put heavy glass in it as it will not be stable.
Can't say I have but u better have a lid for your drink...
Yes...
You can NOT use a wireless remote for this item. It is either "on", or "off", with the master power switch. There is NO place to plug in a wireless remote, or any type of remote. It's not like a fog machine that has an external controller. Your only option is to create your own power switch that turns the power on/ off. (Or unplug the extension cord going to the device.) Note: This thing works great and does make a LOT of bubbles. The (2) fans are quiet, so it creates minimal noise. (1) Gallon of bubble fluid lasts about 2 to 3-hours of bubble blowing too. Clean-up for storage is a little effort and messy, but well worth it, for the bubble fun.
you can't do that. it has to be stable all the time. the bubble liquid will slosh all over the place and make a big mess.
Yes. I also keep mine on my back patio. I have just been using the Chauvet bubbles. Not sure about what will or will not work with the brand.
no - 110-125 volts 60 hz systems only.
220V? Standard 3-prong grounded 120V.
I haven't used foam in mine, but I would say be careful. The machine isn't really designed to distribute thick liquids and it may cause it to overheat. The inside is rotating bubble wands.
I haven't measured it but it is pretty long probably over 4 feet. We use it with body packs and there is more than ample wire to go from waist over shoulders to ear with wire left over
polar pattern is 360 - it's omnidirectional. have been very happy with the performance.
While I haven't tried it, I think it should work as long as your unit accepts the jack on this headset microphone.
No. I tried using it this way with my iPad 3 and a message pops up saying the device requires more power than is available. I use iRig for midi with iOS devices.
This should work with any DAW application, you would just need to install drivers and configure in preferences in your specific DAW.
Probably should buy one. Hosa are good.
Yes
Definitely. I have the shock mount, blue yeti pro and the windscreen all mounted on the PSA1. You will have no problems.
It comes with everything you need to set it up. It fits my blue mics, so I'm sure they are pretty universal mic fittings. Hope this helps.
Was reading into it for you. The Samson mic has a 5/8" hole which will require and adapter that is not included with this stand, So you'll need something that's 3/8" female to 5/8" male adapter. So with that adapter, it should work just fine. Hope that helps http://www.amazon.com/Microphone-Screw-Adapter-8-inch-Female/dp/B00DY4X6ZK/ref=sr_1_3?s=musical-instruments&ie=UTF8&qid=1391410516&sr=1-3&keywords=3%2F8+to+5%2F8
The PSA1 has two bases - both of which mount to a desk or table. The primary mounting base is a tapered cylinder with a hole in its top for the boom. Dropping down from one of its edges is a C-clamp that mounts to the protruding edge of a horizontal surface like a table or desk. The clamp has a fairly wide opening of about 3 inches so it can easily accommodate a wide range of flat surfaces. It has an alternate base that is a grommet-like affair that mounts in a hole you drill into a desk or table. The boom arm then has an axle that protrudes from its bottom which slides into the hole in the top of either base. The boom arm is held in the base by gravity alone so hanging the mount from the ceiling will not work. The simplicity of the base requires that it be mounted on a level surface. On a tilted surface, the weight of the boom arm and the lack of any clamps or screws to impede rotation would cause the entire unit to turn as it seeks the lowest side. Hope that helps.
Yes, it will mount directly onto the 3/8" adapter.
It's a NO to both counts. The PSA1 with its standard fittings cannot be mounted to a wall or ceiling. The primary mounting base is a tapered cylinder with a hole in its top for the boom and can only be mounted to the protruding edge of a horizontal surface like a table or desk. An alternate, grommet like base is supplied but it also meant to be mounted into a hole you cut into the horizontal top surface of a desk or table. The boom arm has an axle that protrudes from its bottom which slides into the hole in the top of either base. The boom arm is held in the base by gravity alone. As designed, there appears to be no way for either base to mount to a vertical surface or wall. As for the ceiling, if you had a table on the ceiling (laugh), you could mount the base to it but then the boom arm simply would fall out, hit you on the head, and destroy your mic in the process. It should also be pointed out that the simplicity of the base requires that it be mounted on a level surface. On a tilted surface, the weight of the boom arm and the lack of any clamps or screws to impede rotation would cause the entire unit to turn as it seeks the lowest side. Hope that helps.
I found the MXL 57 Microphone Shockmount (Black) to be the best as it has a screw connector that allows it to be placed on the stand where you need it. This would be my top pick for a good and easily mounted pop filter for this stand.
It should work fine for you ... the clamp opening is 3 inches.
Cable is 8ft long, boom extension 3ft.
i'm using mine with an at2020 as we speak. get a nice shock mount so the sound of the arm moving around isn't as pronounced and you should be good to go.
Hi Roy...yes its full size scale is 25 1/2 inches but the body is about 2 1/2 to 3 inches deep Steve
From the nut to the 12th fret - 327mm; fret 1 - 35X50mm; fret 12 - 17.5X60mm
Yes indeed it is... Nice guitar
i don't understand :(
Really nice and loud for being thinline
The playability is much the same as any classical guitar,the action is not as low as a "rock axe" but can be lowered by fitting a lower saddle and there is a truss rod.The fretting is not as good as an expensive guitar so care needs to be taken ,if you lower the saddle too much you may get fret buzz.it took a bout a week of experiment with mine to find the best action for me and now plays really well.I use it on gigs and the BBand amp up really well.Acoustically it is bright ,like a flamenco guitar.
Nylon
Yes it does,as well as a phase shifter,the electronics say Stagg but are made by B Band and its a really good unit.I like it better than the one on my Takamine....more realistic sound with not much piezo quack if you adjust it right.
40" forty inches top to toe!
Well mine was Ok not perfect but good for the price,I had to do a little work setting it up but its the same with all guitars.I ordered mine from the UK amazon site and it came from Germany.It might be worth trying a different supplier as I guess they vary a bit from batch to batch.Overall I am please with mine and use it regularly.
The product specs listed show shipping weight of just under 71 lbs
Approx 36" perhaps 38.
When I ordered mine, some of the keys clicked and were sticky like that right out of the box. Amazon quickly facilitated shipment of a new one and it has been fine thus far.
Yes, the plug is a standard US plug and it works perfectly in the US.
YES it includes a pedal Thanks
OK
YES!
No, these are not weighted keys. But this is the closest you can get for this amount. I like it. No complaints.
I honestly couldn't answer this as I did not compare the two. There were 2 similar models that I was torn between so I ended up downloading both manuals at Yamaha to compare them.
approx. 42" long
Yes,These need an amplifier to work
Each cabinet is 16 inches Wide by 14 inches Deep by 25 inches High.
I believe you can with a 4 ohm amp. I'd call SA and ask them.
Yes they are speakon
On the Noise Cancelling, not that I can see. I will say its very high quality. you will not be disappointed. This is a pro mic.
If you have a mini jack 3,5mm on the camera its works. The noise is then stored on the sd card
That is not what it's designed for. While theoretically you could, You would need some type of speaker to amplify. Far easier and cheaper solutions.
Hi Richard, no there is not. It only comes with the lav mic that you see in the picture. It's a great mic, though. Overall, I am extremely pleased with this mic system. I believe you can order a cable that will fit into a handheld mic that will plug into the transmitter. You could maybe find that at B&H.
It will plug into any 3.5mm mic jack, or xlr input. I prefer to plug use XLR on a Juicedlink pre-amp. You will be fine running and gunning right into your 3.5mm input jack.
The UWP series compact and lightweight bodypack transmitter comes supplied with an omni-directional lavalier microphone. The UTX-B2V/4244 operates on UHF TV channels 42,43,44 and 45. This bodypack transmitter (with omni lav mic) is ideally suited for news gathering, interviews, talk shows and conferences.
Yes I can't see my review but one sends and the other receives. You will not be disappointed with this mic. It's the industry standard. One thing though a wired mic will always sound a hair better.
i do not know... never tried it... but love this system
Dear Kevin, I just received an e-mail regarding a question you have about a Sony Lav Mic that I own. Yes the Sony UWPV1/3032 Lav Mic will record your voice. I personally use this mic with the Sony NEX-VG10 Video camera. I use it when the subject is to far from the camera and sound cannot be picked up at the camera location. In this application the mic picks up the sound speech from the subject and transmits the sound to the camera, which records the voice onto a memory chip. When I play the recording back on the camera or a computer I can here the sound that was recorded. This mic will send sound to a video camera or a computer. However, if you want to record the sound for future playback you need a recording medium like a memory stick. Sony has created a very high quality mic that I am very pleased with. In my application it is superb and far ahead of all competition. I hope that this answered your question, if not please feel free to e-mail me at delmareddy@gmail.com Good luck, ED
410 - 450 Hz
Yes,it works very well.
I use it with my cello but recently gave it to my son for use when he tunes pianos. He likes it much better that the one he using.
Yes, and it will cover the full range of notes.
Yes
Yes
I do not use it to tune a complete piano. I use it to tune certain notes and I find that I have to tune the top and bottom octaves by ear. It does not work well there. Just to "touch up" certain strings, it works great.
We haven't experienced that and my son has had his for more than 18 mos.
The flute weighs less than 3 pounds without the case. With the case, it weighs less than 5 pounds.
Indeed this instrument is appropriate for high school students. It is a great instrument to start with as you won't regret the costs if the student decides to drop music in the near future. IT should be noted that playing the flute takes some time to master.
I'm not sure of the dimensions of the case but I will tell you it is junk. I bought this flute for my daughter because she wanted a soft case, the strap broke on first use. Within a week I had to sew a handle back on. Contacted retailer about the issue and was assured a replacement would be sent that was about a year ago. I have yet to receive a new case nor a explanation. On a better note, haven't had a issue with the flute itself.
Yes.
I think they are basically the same.
Sorry for that, I will check with Amazon... Generally we ship worldwide...
Yes, no problem, we ship worldwide.
We are not experiencing any smell.
nickel plated key /C-Foot Plateau (Closed Hole) /Offset G Perfect-seal test for quality assurance Italian Pisoni Double Skin pads for clear sound Case / Pro Care Products
This is used as a direct input from your pedals (or instrument) to the sound board or PA system. Allows frequency tailoring via parametric EQ controls as well as signal boost. Can be powered by 9 volt battery or phantom power signal from the sound board.
yes you could use it in line of your pedal board and should have no problems
I have never tried it with a mic. I would be hesitent because one of the things that makes this DI/preamp sound good with piezo pickups is its high impedence input. Mics tend to have low impedence output.
Hi there - No it does not.
Yes
That is a hard question to answer. All instruments resonate differently. What I do is plug a set of head phones into my final amp speaker and play. This way I can hear exactly what is coming out. This allowed me to try various setting on the pre-amp and on the final amp to get the sound that I wanted. Everyone looks for their own sound and this lettings them experiment till they find theirs.
no,i would used only for guitar i think is best.
No, there is no wireless component to this device. You would need a cable between the Baggs pickup and the D. I.
Probably not. This is designed to go into a PA or mixing desk etc. With a audio interface with XLR input and recording software sure.
This is the most awesome box you can have if you are traveling. If you have this you can connect to the concert house PA system very easily and there is a EQ as well. If you have mixer board, the violin pick might not pick up directly, but with LR baggs, the pre amp works great. Strongly recommend this.
http://www.lrbaggs.com/forum/showthread.php?196-Does-Did-L-R-Baggs-make-a-pick-up-for-Viola
I've used it with a variety of preamps, (Headway, K&K and LR Baggs) all of which worked pretty well.
This is a passive pickup. You will need to purchase a pre-amp to amplify it. I suggest the LR Baggs Para-acoustic, which I personally use. It works wonderfully.
It is a carpenter jack with 1/4" input.
The jack is 1/4". It's more of a clamp. There is no place to rest your chin on
It goes up pretty easy if you play out it needs to be all the extended but in my studio I keep it in a bit because of space and have had no problems JK
I haven't used Bose, but the Fishman has been outstanding. My friends who've used both much prefer the Fishman. The presence and coverage without being overbearing is really great.
Yes
I'd say yes, unless your band is very loud, which they shouldn't be. It's pretty amazing how large a space you can cover with this little thing. I've used it with a quartet, and it's been fine... You can also hook up a powered sub-woofer, if you really wanted extra oomph, but for Jazz, I've never had to do that yet.
One year parts and labor warranty
Although I am not familiar with the mini kinta I am sure it will control it if it uses the standard DMX protocol. the Obey 40 is pretty flexible and user friendly.
The Obey is a DMX controller, so any DMX enabled device can be controlled by it. Additionally it has manual a fog port which equates to a 1/4" TRS jack for binary devices. Although it is only made for one device presumably, you may be able to string multiple together on this channel. Because the Mega Par Profile unit has DMX, the UV LED channel will be included in the 8 that are allocated to that device. Basic cans only use 3 of the 8 channels. One for Red, one for Blue, and one for Green. Yours will likely use one more for UV, although I am not familiar with this unit. After looking it up though I may be buying a pair :) Bear in mind that the Obey 40 is expecting to hand out groups of 8 channels, one for each slider on the faceplate, with the option of supporting dual bank (16 channels) on a single device and a "Bank" button to flip back and forth between channel sets. From the product specifications of that par can: - DMX-512 protocol - 5 DMX Channel modes: 4/5/6/9/10 channels - 5 Operational modes: RGB+UV Dimmer Mode, Sound Active Mode, Auto Run Mode, Static Color Mode, & DMX Controlled If you run this unit in 9 or 10 channel mode you would need to break out 16 channels (2 sets of 8 sliders,) and have 6 or 7 left unused. The other modes will all fit into a single bank of 8 channels. In short, yes. DMX controllers don't really care what is hooked up to their channels in the fixture. They are merely providing a control signal for the fixture to interpret however it sees fit to. What level of control is available and what goes on which channel is up to the fixture manufacturer, and is pretty much always included in the documentation that came with the unit. If it has DMX, it should be compatible.
Yes, i use the controlller with 2 head ligths
Yes- This is from pg 29 of the manual..... MIDI from an external source can be used to trigger scenes and chases for playback. Connect the MIDI source to the Obey with a 5 pin MIDI cable, and the Obey 40 will respond to MIDI input It then goes on to list the table with the "midi map"
Description of the tri says DMX Channels: 3 or 15, so it should work fine. you have to set the correct switches to select the address.
No. It must have some type of cmos battery because mine hasn't lost it's programing. But this was way more than I needed- I bought it because could control upto 12 dmx lights- I have 7
From my experience, the DMX protocol isn't 'plug and play'. I had to spend some serious time finding out what channels do what to the fixture. It could well be you have a defective unit, but before returning it I'd do a search and see if there is anyone who's posted about your setup and see if that gives you more info. Hope this helps.
yes but the connections are on the top of the unit so you need a tall rack
there are only 6 chases overall
As long as the fixture has DMX capability
Yes
Fender 007-1359-000 2-Button Footswitch works with FM 65 DSP, Super Champ XD or x2 and champion 40 !!!
It works fine with Fender Super Champ. It's the right pedal for it. Concerning a Fender Mustang 1 V.2 , is better consult its manual and specifications along with FENDER .com
I'm almost sure it will.
Yes, that is the amp that I have, it works great.
I have both. Some are simply a single line connection ans some are ( ring tips leave), meaning there are actually two connections through the Cord. One way to tell if it is a single connection, is to simply plug a guitar cord to the switch in on the amp and open and close the connection by shorting the tip & leave together to see If it's a single , or a ring, tips leave.
Yes this will work with any Fender 2 channel amp.
The sure way to tell is to use a circuit tester, such as an Ohm meter. This way you can check the drum machine end of the cords for continuity, when switching buttons off & on.
It's a generic Fender footswitch. It should work with most Fender amps that use a footswitch.
I suspect not, as its wiring is a bit unusual. I have just come across a guy that can build you a footswitch for virtually any amp or effects device ever made: http://voodoomanswitches.com
No only partial. But it will run most of the styles but on the ones it doesn't support some of the amps/pedals are missing but it still plays.
Those are the Letters Line 6, but no, they are not inputs. You can plugin a mini headphones, or earphones, or Computer Speakers. It's a basic Line out and that big silver know in front is the volume control. I enjoyed this device with Windows XP and Win7, but with Windows 8, it now has Latency that is noticeable, and it will affect your playing left/right hand synchronization. Good for recording Chord progressions though.
You need to install all the needed drivers. Once you do that, you should be able to see the podgx as a ASIO capable sound source in your DAW. You don't need a built in mic on your pc. You do need something to plug into the podgx such as an electric guitar.
I'm using it on xp on a 8 to 10 year old refurbished dell with only 512 ram, works great
Not sure what you mean but the two cables are a USB to the computer and a 1/4" phone jack audio cable which is the output to your headphones or amp.
yes, go here: http://line6.com/podstudiogx/specifications.html
Yes, however with discernible latency, not much, but it's not as responsive as a regular Tube Amp. I'm using amplitude iRig via an iPad and it's much more responsive than the GX, but seems to be limited in frequency range when using real pedals. Windows 7 seems better for audio than windows 8. You need to update your GX drivers and firmware, using the Line 6 update manager for best performance. Also, try unplugging all other USB connections, when using the GX, seems to help a bit.
Not much difference in the hardware itself. It now comes bundled with Pod Farm (instead of GearBox). Both provide similar functionality. Live Lite will allow you to save recordings, but Live Lite isn't a real recording package. It's really just a very limited demo that you can use as a way to more cheaply upgrade to a full version of Live. Pod Studio is an audio interface + amp/cab modeling package. Despite the name, you still need to invest in some decent recording software to go along with it (or use something free, like Audacity). I have the older version (i.e. TonePort UX2) and really like it. I use it with Ableton Live 6 and GarageBand '09.
it includes the Pod Farm 2.0, when you install de driver and software, the "line 6 monkey" automatically gets the upgrade to 2.5
Its good with anything that has windows on it
Yes, The USB port is used to connect the UX2 to your computer so your guitars, keyboards etc. can be played through to your music software.
yes, and it is TWICE as nice.
Yes, it should be able to handle the distortion I mic up my amp all the time when I record my metal stuff
Yes
If you really want your metal tones to sound good I recommend getting the metal expansion pack for pod farm. On top of that I would also recommend getting a better recording software other than the one that comes with the ux2
yes it is... you can use it stereo, or use it to record two voices; one voice and instrumet; or two instruments
It is a right hand uke, but you can restring it to make it left handed. There is nothing else the differentiates right and left hand sides in this instrument.
Yes, the top is a wood, a nato wood similar to a mahogany. Although I am a ukulele novice and I purchased it for my teenage daughter, for the price, it has quality construction and materials.
Our lanikai Lu-21 it come together with aquila string Our lanikai ukulele is real one Not copy one
Both of my daughters have played it but they were both over the age of 10. I'm not saying younger kids couldn't play it (in fact youtube has loads of kids around 4 years old playing the Uke) but they might loose interest. I think the Ukulele is much easier than a guitar for kids to learn and quicker from start to playing songs.
There may be some places that sell them as a package deal but mine didn't come with one.
I purchased one August 4th, 2013 and they came with the Aquila strings.
I seriously don't have any complaint, it stays in tune and sounds perfect :)
Restringing will be required for left handed person. Dr. T
It's a matte dark brown stain with white edging. The fretboard is very dark brown, nearly black. I don't think it looks reddish.
I'm not 100% sure, but as far as I know all Lanikai ukuleles ship with Aquilas. My LU-21P did (some time ago) and every one I've seen in stores lately has had them.
Hi cjo ! You're in luck - - I was cleaning the office with the computer on when your qestion came thru! I pulled out a stand and measured and here's your answer! With the legs spread at max diameter (max stability) the 1 3/8 end of the pole tops out at about 77 inches (195 cm) the other end - the 1 1/2 end tops out at about 80 inches (203 cm). These dimensions are based on where the holes are drilled for the safety pins! Hope this helps . Cheers, dav
Yes, a little snug but yes. I have four of these stands on four JBL ION 15" speakers. These stands are a little lighter then their earlier models.
A follow up answer. One reviewer indicates he put 80 pounds on the stand with no problem and that they would hold 150 pounds.
No.
You should be able to keep the pedal down to sustain any note for an indefinite amount of time. But note two things: 1) You can only achieve this with a tone that does not fade out (e.g., "piano" will fade out, but "strings" and "pad" won't fade out). 2) Keyboards have a limit on how many notes can be heard simultaneously. I.e., if you try to sustain too many notes, the older notes will drop off as soon as you introduce new notes.
I do not know. I have a Kurzweil keyboard. I suggest calling Yamaha on their 800 # and asking. However, I think it's pretty universal, so long as you have a quarter inch input for a pedal.
I physically measured with a ruler: 8 1/2" Long, 3" Wide and about 2 1/8" High. The power cord is attached to the pedal. I didn't measure it but it's about 6' Long. Tightly packed in the box.
It didn't click for me.
If im not mistaken a one year manufacturer's warranty.
No manuals came with mine. It only does one thing though, sustain the notes on the Keyboard when you press the pedal with your foot.
Yes
This should work if the keyboard has a 1/4" jack to plug in.
Sorry, but I would have absolutely no way of knowing that. I would think Amazon's web site might have that spec.
It should work fine with all Casio and even Yamaha keyboards. I've never heard of a half-sustain feature, in the material that came with this pedal it said nothing about supporting half-sustain. It does have a switch to change polarity so it can be used on keyboards that are set up opposite of the Casio line.
The Behringer C-1 is a condensor microphone. It requires what is called phantom power. This is where the device it is plugged into provides 48 volts DC to power the microphone. The mixer does not provide phantom power. You can use an external power supply for the mic which would plug inline between the mic and the mixer.
Yes with an adapter to RCA. The only issue I have with this is that there is no talk over
You don't want to use the line input for the Mic, you should use either a 1/4 inch or XLR input
Yes, just a noisy - right out of the box - main slide pot and zone pot. Other than that......this is a great mixer.
I have Windows 7 and it has been working fine for my setup. I was excited to try it out and just plugged it in and used it, although later when I read the instructions I was a little mortified to see that it was only compatible with Windows Vista and no mention of Windows 7, but it still worked fine. Must've been either a printing error, or maybe I just got an earlier version, but if you go onto the Bluemic website (http://www.bluemic.com/icicle/) , it will specifically say what operating systems are compatible, and Windows 7 is one of them.
it comes with the USB cord that goes into your computer, but you will have to get your own XLR cord on the other end.
It comes with a USB cable about 6 ft long. If you need a longer cable you should buy a XLR male to female for your mic as long as you need. (up to about 100 ft max) They recommend in the instructions, using a XLR cable rather than plugging mic directly into Icicle.
It can connect directly into a mic, but the car cable will help keep weight down if you are handholding the mic and more importantly, using an car cable will greatly reduce the stress placed on the connector itself, which will allow the icicle and your mic to last longer.
If it allows your 2020 to work with the computer, It is basically a cosmetic thing. I don't know if they use one or two LED's to illuminate the Logo, but If it works with the mic & computer, I would think that, they probably use two & one LED is defective or there is a poor solder joint. Even if it works OK except for the light, I would return it for a replacement. If you file a claim for replacement because it is defective, Amazon will arrange a FREE UPS pick-up for the product. They will ship out a replacement the moment defective one is received.
Hook up yes, will it work, I cant promise anything. It's heavily implied for mic usage so I don't know how it would handle a guitar, I'd suggest checking out their site http://bluemic.com maybe send them an email if you cant find what you're looking for. Blue's really big on mics, I know if they do anything other than that though.
Yup, this works fine with Mac and the CAD GXL2200 (generally, it will work with any mic that has an XLR output).
Direct monitoring is not a feature of the Blue Icicle interface. A good practice for voice overs is to ditch the headphones while recording. Perform as though you are speaking directly to someone in the room. With headphones, we tend to perform for ourselves. Use the headphones for setting levels, editing and post-production. If monitoring while you record is a firm requirement, consider an interface that offers direct monitoring (and possibly other routing capabilities).
I haven't had an issue yet.
Yes, it appears as a USB sound device, just select that as the input in your recording software.
Yes. My son puts both his books in it and also leaves his pencils/etc. junk in it... Yeah...do not worry about it...works well for us.
mine does not have a neck strap. i haven't had any issue with de-tuning when i transport the guitar.
That would depend on the size and shape of your Squier SA 105. You would need to measure it and check the specks on the Items Amazon page. Here are the Product Dimensions: 44 x 18 x 5 inches. If your Squier SA 105 is between 43-44 inches long, 17-18 inches wide, and 4-5 inches deep I would say YES. If not then I would say no.
i mesured mine at 42 amazon needs to get their dimensions right
Yes, this bag will fit the FG700S and any other dreadnought body shape, just right. Thanks for your inquiry!
Yes
I don't think so my I old ibanez bass is pretty fat for an electric and it does not leave much room to spare, I can't imagine a acoustic guitar fitting in.
It depends on what sort of guitar it is. I have a Yamaha FG700S Acoustic Guitar (steel string) and this case was too tight. I think someone here posted measurements - I'd check the measurements on yours (length and both wide points).
Specifications Material: Heavy-duty 600-D nylon Color: Black Lower Bout: 18"; Upper Bout: 14.5"; Depth: 5"; Length: 44"
It has straps so the guitar can be worn like a backpack, so I think it would be ok. But, I am afraid of it being awkward.
Yes, according to my Owner's Manual for the B3031A, it is one (1) year from the original date of purchase. You might check your speaker's phasing!....Mine had the tweeter's out-of-phase as checked with a digital phase meter. What a HUGE improvement in imaging occurred after I correctly wired them!
PS. To connect them to a cd player you need to be able to adjust the volume in the player. The speakers don't have volume control. I use either a sound card (echo audio fire 4) or a headphones amp. Or u can rip your music and play as flac from your pc.
It's one speaker. These are a lot bigger so way more low end.
Out: 2x 32 Hz - 48 KHz @ 16-bit In: 2x 11.0 Hz - 48 KHz @ 16-bit
I wouldn't recommend it. It's not a great microphone, especially for a DSLR camera. For that I'd rather go with an shotgun mic, mounted onto a shock mount and convert an XLR connection to a 1/8" audio jack for your DSLR.
Yes, remember this is a stereo mic. Sound card that supports stereo mini jack will allow best recording I used with the turtle beach USB sound device with laptop. Clean recording . Good field sound pickup ,,, conference table application for meetings Skype , hang outs as long as participants aren't freeked out by size. Setting for cardioid and hyper cardioid is real change in recording. No phantom power Power switch activates internal aaa bat ... So yes with PC sry verbose reply.
It's great for voice recording when attached to portable recording devices. However, if you're looking for a serious "studio quality" mic for musical applications, you should adjust your price range up and look elsewhere.
It is a powered mic but I bought it specifically to work wtih the TASCAM field recorder. I recommend you contact TASCAM to see if it will work with other devices.
requires a battery to operate.
I used it on my Nokia Lumia 1020 and it works in assuming it will work on your iPhone we used it for more than one phone already however they have all been windows phones
how many RECORD inputs does the DR-40 have?
No it didn't when I try. That's why I try return and contact seller but didn't get any response.
it had two settings on the mic for far and near! i think it would work pretty well for what you need.
I'm not sure this will answer your question, but I can tell you how ours is used. My son (age 15) is the one who uses it. I bought it for him. I know he plugs it directly into our home PC to record his voice-overs, sound effects, and piano playing into a program called ROXIO to create commercials, shows, monologues, intros, jingles, etc. And he loves it! (Granted, the rest of the family has to be quiet when he is recording each take...) I hope this helps. - Dave
Measure your gatar, I think this bag is 46 inches long x18 inches wide. It is a good bag.
I compared the measurements of my dean dave mustaine vmnt to your guitar and it should fit. The scale of the vmnt is an inch taller and the v base is pointed not round. My vmnt fits just fine and I believe yours will as well.
Not sure dude, I've got an LTD V-50 and the headstock sticks out of the case! Hahaha not the whole stock but ab 3 inches.
I have an Epiphone 1958 Gothic flying V. It fits really well. I had ordered another case that did not fit. Hope that helps!
The guitar we put in it was a Schecter Korina fv. The width was a bit over 18+" and it fit comfortably. We sold the guitar & case, so I can't measure it, but I would say yes.
No it does not. The bottom fits perfectly but the points stick out on top of the head. For the price I decided to go ahead and keep the case and let it stick out a little. It's not that bad if you're careful.
I would think so, but I don't have one to try it with
Kevin - I've got a hollow body that's about 3+ inches deep and the bag is snug on that guitar. On a solid body guitar I don't think it would be snug at all, in fact I suspect it would be fairly loose in all areas. If you want a tighter fit you should look for a bag designed for a solid body guitar. This bag is specifically designed for semi-hollows which have much larger bodies in all dimensions than a strat style guitar. I will say for the money, this is an excellent bag. I would recommend it for people that have the larger body style electric guitars.
Definitely not in a protective capacity. Dean ML guitars appear to be short scale, so you might be able to cram one in there, but its shape will offer the guitar little to no actual protection. I use mine for a Hagstrom Viking, and it does have a lot of extra room - but those ML's have Explorer-style bodies that are notorious for being dicks about fitting in gig bags.
Yes that should fit.
Why don't you tell us what you're hoping to fit in there?
Definately. Good padding and lots of storage
If it is the same size as a 335, then it should fit.
It is about 37" long, The body is about 11' wide. Ther is more info at the Epiphone web site.
There are no strap brackets or anything to attach a strap to the banjo.
Yes it is open backed
hi, the guitar does came with a battery alredy, at leaste mine did, its needded the battery to play with the amp, in the ecualization pad that its in the guitar theres a little lift to put out the battery, try to do it with care to pull out the battery place
Hi, mine came with the one shown above. I did see that too. Amazon need to change that. It also comes with a tuner you can attach on the guitar. I did buy mine from a local music store. Mine also did not have the CD and did not have extra strings
Yes
Action is always adjustable. This is a beginner guitar. I wouldn't count on anything special, however, if you don't like the action, you can always lower it or raise it to your playing preference.
It does have a screw. No worries!
Mine had a shipping weight of just over 31 lbs, which is just over 14 kilos
It doesn't look like we have this package for left-handers, but we do sell many left-handed guitars. I'd suggest one by Ibanez or Fender.
I purchased it for my stepson and can confirm it's definitely a standard righty.
It comes with a tuner. In my opinion this is a good starter guitar for the price
Yes it does
Length 44", lower bout 16 1/4", upper bout 13 1/8". There's a soft foam lining and those dimensions are with the lining uncompressed, so a slightly larger instrument would fit, snugly.
probably not and it lasted 6 months before the latch broke by one at the Guitar Center
I guess so, seems the interior top padding picture has changed since I bought one for my S6. I received the wrong one at first and it was not deep enough. The exchange was painless and the one I have fits well.
I keep getting questions from customers wanting to know if it'll fit their particular guitar. I don't know. If they really want to know they should walk into a music store, find a similar guitar case, fit their guitar and decide if they want to buy this case.
measure your guitar. My acoustic is 41" long, 11.5" across near the cutaway and 15.5" across at it's widest and about 4.75" deep and the guitar fits the case fairly snug with a little bit of room to spare all around. I'd almost say it's just about a perfect fit for me and I absolutely love it (and paid twenty less than what it's going for now in April 2012). Keep in mind, the case will smell for a couple weeks while the lacquer or whatever it is they use finally dissipates and dries out; but after that, it is a very nice case for the money (at least it used to be when it was twenty less).
This one did, yes.
Yes it has a. Meter but not a regulator
The zipper goes all the way around. The velcro clasp is only in the middle front to cover the zipper. Franklly, I have no use for the zelcro and just put tape over it to keep it from sticking every time I close the case. Other than that, its been a great case for me.
Yes. The compartment can hold a standard size student folder without problem and the zipper can still close all the way. Any bigger folder can still go in, but you won't be able to zip it all the way close.
Yes, this case latches and zips.
Kate, I actually didn't keep this case. I was disappointed in the quality and returned it. Barbara
yes, it does.
The widest part is 8.5 inches. But since it's surrounded by padding, I am sure it would be okay if the violin is 1 or 2 centimeters wider.
This truly is a featherweight case...which is very light. The handle evenly distributes the weight of the bow/violin/music books...my boys ages 10, 12 have carried this case on the bus/to and from school without any problems.
I bought this for my husband. He says it zips. There is a velcro flap over the zipper handles.
I would need to measure to be sure, but I think the 30 inch length will fit and my banjo has a reverberation chamber about 18-20 inches in diameter. I think you will find the case will work.
Ya , mine had a lite smell I think its the glue,, that's the smell .gone quick great case . leave it open for a bit ,or put a drier sheet in it ..
I have to say yes I have a Mitchel banjo it is vey close to the Jameson, I Really love this case it is one of the best case's out there for the money you can't go wrong Paula.. thanks for asking David
Yes it does.
My Bacon and Day fits jut fine. It has a resonator and a knee mute. No problem. My Epiphone Recording also fits in the case. Unless your banjo is exceptionally large you should not have any problem.
As far as I know this case should accept any 22 Fret Plectrum or 5 string banjo.
Gold has a classy look, I try to buy anything with gold trim if there is an opportunity to do so.
No
Sorry, I don't know.
Sorry, mine is a fender FB54 5 string which might have a longer neck. it fits perfect which I found in a review. It is built on the light side and the accessory box is not too strong. Good luck, Don
1 1/2 Inches long and 3/8 diameter.
It should fit with no problem but you have to do some drilling
I've had that happen with Casters that I purchased from those home stores but these are by far the best I've used. I've purchased several 4 packs and never had issues
I wouldn't think you'd have a problem ... ganged up, the weight disperses to all four wheels. I stack two Fender, 76 pounds each, 4x10 cabinets, and the Ernie Ball casters run smooth as a whistle. So the load easily carries 152 lbs. And, lots of times, I roll one of the 4x10 cabinets stacking my Fender Hot Rod DeLuxe on top... that's WELL OVER 125 lbs. One thing about any casters, though. I always PULL the cabinets (don't push), and when uneven sidewalk slabs come up, help the front wheels over the lip ... don't just push and crash then ... help it with a little lift. Nothing will hold up if you smash them around. My Bassman 135 4x12 cabinet has the same casters, too. I think you're easily good to go.
yes they fit perfectly...my Acoustic B410 and B115 have them and you can put the x-tra sockets on another amp or cab.
Hello, Not that we have seen
I don't know if you can transpose on this keyboard, since I bought it for my now 9 years old daughter. It has many functions she still is not using. Sorry for not being of much help.
Yes! Purchase a nice heavily padded case for it -- I got one (with a handle) here on Amazon and it works great!
Yes, a user friendly one, and graded music books as well.
The keys are light feeling and probably not weighted, but you can open the "FUNCTION" menu and there is a "TOUCH" option: "OFF", "1" and "2". "2" is the highest/most sensitive setting and makes it feel more like a real piano. I turn the touch response to "OFF" when I am using the keyboard for midi or recording. The touch response is quite nice. The velocity/volume of the note depends on how FAST you hit the key, not how HARD you hit the key. The keys do feel pretty light to be honest though. But this alone should not deter you from buying the keyboard.
It is a bit large for a beginner, however for the pianist looking to learn and become more serious as time goes on. It is a wonderful selection that will sustain growth in experience.
I got my keyboard new several years ago (as Xmas present). It came with one. Light plastic, though, so easily lost or broken.
Is he using the microphone for recording or performing vocals? That will influence the answer to your question.
Not really. They have some feel but are not like playing a piano. You can find keyboards that have that feature.
I checked and don't I see it. But it is a decent piano and your decision to purchase should not be based on sound effects. You can get this bundle cheaper elsewhere.
It does not have standard MIDI connectors. It has a USB port - with the supplied MIDI drivers it shows up as "USB MIDI" in software like Cakewalk.
Yes, it does play thru a PA system, Wife use a amp on hers
I did not like the headphones that came with it so I use my beats and they work fine
Such a plug is not included obviously. although if you really need to use it in your car or somewere in park lets say when your car is near, then you can buy a simple invertor (12v to 110v) at any truck stop such as Pilot or Amazon will offer you a huge variety of such invertors (just type in). then you connect you plug the invertor to your car 12volt, then you plug included adapter to the invertor, and then your keyboard to the adapter. Very simple and easy. the only inconvenience is depending on type of car you have and how old your battery is, your car engine would rather be running when you use the keyboard.
Yes, it does. The output for headphones is amp output. Headphones require an adapter. Hope that helps.
Yamaha external ac adaptor model no. PA-150 INPUT: 120V 60Hz 0.5A OUYPUT: 12.0V--- 1.5A
It's Yamaha Model NO: PA-150. Input: 120V-60Hz. 0.5A. OUtput 12.0V--1.5A.
The sound is very good. As it has so many options - piano, trumpets, glass (!) - volume control etc. and I'm not an audio expert or musician it is a little difficult to answer but I find it very pleasing to listen to both kids playing and the preset music. It does have a good quality sound to it and is NOT tinny or cheesey!
yes, order Yamaha FC4 or FC5 foot switch
Yes, it should light up.
Yes
yes you can turn it off
No
There isn't a USB port on this keyboard so you will have to buy a midi cord.
I believe you would need a headphone jack. I did not see a USB port on our unit.To be certain, however, you can contact Yamaha about it.
Yes, there is a USB port in the back.
Its easy to play. I dont really know what your asking. They go down and up easily.
Speakers boxes are about 12 inch. The amp is about 14"across and 12" deep.
Nah.
I am not an expert but I bought this to use for the church activity, and the sounds was great.
Yes
Hmmm then I would say no... if you are having bands you will need a full range system with subwoofer and top speakers or something larger than this. The Performer is for acoustic and small combo's. If you are having a full band and multiple people I would go a little larger.
Hello. Each speaker is rated at 100 watts. Thank you for your interest!
It all depends on the length of your speaker wires and mic wires. The set come with 2x25ft speaker wires and mic wires. But if your too close to the speakers. You will get feedback
I would assume they would I am not sure but I do know I use them for my Laptop at the American Legion when we do Karaoke every Friday Night I use them and the Mics and we all have a good time but then I use another monitor and a program called Tri-Karaoke I hope this answers your question. Rick Wall
Hello. Peavey does not make a carrying case for this product. Thank you for your interest!
They are 10" 50W speakers. When plugged in together to the head amp they support 100W mono.
Considering it is simply a metal frame and a bag, I think it will be agnostic to the fact you are a keyboard player.
Yes there are cheaper brands and yes they are cheap, not built well or designed well and tend to break or fail under heavy use.
No, you get the Pedaltrain 2, and all the Velcro Tape that you will need to mount all of your pedals on it. The one I got came with a nice black nylon bag with a zipper pocket on the side. If your stomp boxes are small enough, you can even leave them all mounted when you close the carrying case. That's what I do.
10-14 approximately..
You can, but they won't make the same solid connection. Without the feet, they're not going anywhere.
Mine came with a bracket for a power supply (requires some drilling. I found a cobalt bit works best), though I've been too lazy to install it on one of my boards and just leave the PedalPower behind the board :)
I have a Crybaby Wah, a tuner, a DynaComp, Distortion, Phase 90, MXR Flanger, delay, and an amp channel switch/boost. It will easily fit at least 9 if you have a Wah pedal. 10 if you don't.
I cannot tell because the ukulele ad doesn't tell the length measurement. Mine fits into the case. My uke has a total length of 21 1/4 inches and just fits. I can only guess that it probably would since it looks like a typical soporano uke.
The color is black in mine and it does not have a cloth drape inside, but it fits my CF Martin S-1 uke really well.
No it has no place to attach a strap.
No, it is too small for a concert size ukulele.
unlikely to fit, not recommended at best
I have a Martin S1 Uke, the smallest of ukes, I think it is a soprano uke, and it fits perfectly. I hope that helps you. It is a nice case also, worth the price I paid.
Should work, it's just a Midi controller.
Yes it is. There are maintainence updates for download once you register your software.
I own maschine Mk1 and it works fine with it, i dont really know but i would think it does with maschine studio
there are threads about this on kvraudio.com. you should find your answer there.
Can't answer the first question but it is a standard VST so any proper VST container should be able to run it. As for the latter, it's apples and oranges. I have both. Komplete has several great synths, samplers, and effects. Omni is a power synth (which also has a bucket load of samples too but really for sound manipulation). Omni doesn't have drum machines or the like, but has an incredible depth and flexibility in sound design and sequencing. The arpeggiator is amazing. So it depends what you need, but I love them both.
I don't see anywhere that it says you get the Omnisphere 2 for free. I would just wait untill April 30th, that's when Omnisphere 2 will be available.
No...I assume you have the 6 DVDs. U may have to reload and do another authorization. But so long as you are the registered owner then you will have no problem.
No... But Reaper is free and robust. Make sure you have enough ram... And use a good interface like the Focusrite Scarlett 2i2
Yes you can. Obviously using basic wave forms like sine, sawtooth waves etc. You should check out the spectrasonics.com site for tutorials, or YouTube for loads of videos on how to use this awesome, powerful synth.
It's a plugin so you will need a host app. It is not standalone.
I like it for the built in tuner and the ability to use it with an amp.
It's steel.
100% solid cedar, cherry, maple and rosewood.
It's a little bit longer than my PRS SE245 so it looks like mine is 25.5.
The VoiceTone Harmony M has 2 inputs, one XLR and one MIDI. There are no 1/4" inputs typically used for guitar. It was designed for keyboard and voice. If you have an XLR or MIDI output on your guitar it may work, although I have not tried it. TC-Helicon makes another processor unit specifically for guitar.
Nothing to do with Autotune , It s about your Vocal signal send out the real time for your Chorus : )
I've tried myself. I researched many sites only to find that a replacement Is most likely twice the money. The newer helicons with midi go for 400 -600 dollars. I would suggest the tc voice works 1rack space unit. The foot switch type are good for hands free, however if you program harmony as I do the voice works is less expensive with the same features for under 300.00. As usual when someone makes the perfect product, they stop making it. I've seen othe companies go belly up with the same philosophy. Hope it works for them....
The Harmony M only has one XLR input, and it will harmonize any single-tone voice you put into it. If you mix three mics onto a single XLR output, then it *may* work. If all three mics are going to have vocals that sing the same pitch always, then your setup would work. If the three mics are going to have vocals that are already harmonizing, then this will not work. It will fight to listen for the dominant voice to base its magic off of, which will output some pretty distorted sounds.
This device will perform the harmony without the instruments. It follows your voice. However if there is an instrument it follows the chords and it will usually sound better. As for the microphone inputs, it has only one input.
There are vocal harmonizers for guitars; but this one is specifically for keyboards.
Mic, mic cable, midi cable, and 1/4-inch output are sold separately. It basically comes with a power cable, and assumes you have everything else already.
Yes, the S12 will fit.
yes, I have a cherry wood seagull and it fits perfectly.
It fits my Performer Series Mini Jumbo really well, so I'm guessing the Entourage Mini Jumbo would be pretty close to the same fit.
It is black with two taupe accent stripes (as seen in the photo). Beware however, that sometimes the actual shipped product is subject to change even before the image shown changes. So, all in all, not a terribly satisfying answer.
This case holds my Seagull Excursion SG Dreadnought perfectly. Not sure what your dimensions are, but you can check those at the Godin/Seagull site. JL
I have this case and it hits my Mini Jumbo Entourage Rustic very nicely. The dimensions for my guitar are on the Seagull web site you can look it up and compare it to your Maritime. It is a very good bag and well made.
I have an S6 Entourage and it fits perfectly. The bag itself is also very nice. I think the CW is a cutaway, correct? If so, it should fit fine.
I don't know the answer to that, sorry.
Cameron, The padding in my case is very thick. I have a Norman guitar as well and the case is the same construct as the one I purchased for the Seagull Mini Jumbo. I am very pleased with it. Frank
If you want to measure your Yamaha, I can compare them to my Seagull Acoustic S6 to see if they are similar?
yes it does
Yes one big box only I liked the kit sounded great
Hi, What they are offering is called a Shell Pack. I am sure it comes with the twin tom mounts. The floor tom will come with 3 legs, too. That is something that is usually not considered as extra hardware. They are referring to Hi-Hat Stand, Bass Drum Pedal, Cymbal Stands, Stool, Sticks, Cases, and Cymbals. I would assume no Snare Drum Stand, but they may surprise you on that. They are affordable to buy. Entry level drums will respond VERY WELL when time comes to replace the heads. You will be amazed. Your real expense and commitment with be cymbals. Cheap cymbals sound terrible. Good cymbals, while not cheap to buy, will do a good job holding value and,,,,,,,,,,,,you can keep them if and when you upgrade the drums. I would consider 14" hi-hat cymbals, 16" crash, and 20"-22" ride. Used is fine. Sabian offers refurb cymbals. They gather up and old, used, or cosmetic issue cymbals and sell them under the SR name. Price is great, you never know what level cymbal you are getting though. Most good cymbal companies sell starter cymbal "packs" that are not bad in price, but get nice cymbals and get a comfortable stool.
I dont understand the question...
I just bought this guitar. I am a novice, but my friend is not and thinks it is a great bargain for the money.
It is a good travel guitar based on the price. Because it is so inexpensive, you may not be too concerned about it getting banged up or lost. Based on size, I would say that it is not as good as a smaller sized guitar for travel. Please note that I am a small person in stature, so that is why I would make this comment. If you are a bigger person and the size isn't an issue, then it's great for travel. FYI-This guitar also has a wonderful sound and stays tuned for a very long time. I highly recommend this guitar!
acoustic guitar
I don't think so, I gave it to a young girl at our church who I think was right handed.
It has 3 steel strings (real ones) and 3 nylon strings. I am a beginner, but I bought this guitar more than a year ago (I think). It has an excellent sound and for what it's worth...I highly recommend it!
No. it does not.
Hi yes it does come in the hard case, and yes it is airline compatible.
Made in USA
Hi guitars are universal, Its the amps that are different voltage
They are the new Seymour Duncans.
In my experience, you can add tracks to a song any time and save but you cannot rename. it will always have the same name. You can do a master/mix down then save the master to the fat partition, then you can export the song to a pc thru the USB port. Once the audio file is in your pc you can rename it anything you want. Also when the neo puts your song in the fat partition it will have a default name like song001 etc. All songs save in the fat partition have the same time and date extensions regardless of when they were made. This requires some careful planning when handling multiple recordings. The audio quality of the neo is so excellent thes problems are tolerable. I mainly want the best audio quality possible and the neo is the best.
yes, it is explained in the manual and in the tutorial DVD
Sure - there's an external input, and at mixdown you can have up to 8 sources coming-in through the input channels.
There is a video that helps a lot. See if you can find it.
No, I'm not the original owner... Had it 5 months, began using right away. Love it!
It will fit. I would suggest if you're going to use this on that table it be temporary. I think you'd be better off with a 2M Red which isn't too expensive, especially if you have a Rega.
It should fit. Here's a link on how to take the cartridge out to replace it (if you have the original head shell) :http://www.audiokarma.org/forums/showthread.php?t=357480 You can find an alignment protractor on Vinyl Engine, it's free, but you do need to create an account to print them.
It should as it is 1/2 mounted. ....I found that it needs a head she'll weight, as it is lighter than a normal cartridge. ..
Yes.
Does your sony PS-LX435 have a standard 1/2" bayonet release headshell attached to the tonearm? Then yes. Is it a linear P-mount? Then no.
Yes it comes with the needle and some hardware to mount it to a headshell.
I believe so. It has only screw mounting, which would fit any Dual turntable that has a plug in head.
On the Amazon pic, showing the Stanton T92, you can see that its factory arm has a standard 1/2" mount with a headshell. This Ortofon definitely goes into both 1/2" mounts that I have (it does look a little "different" from most other carts, but there is no compatibility issue). It would be best if you confirmed that the T92's manual says &lt;&lt;1/2" mount&gt;&gt;, just to be sure. By the way, how is the T92 doing - at one point I was contemplating getting one of those for myself.
Under magnification the stylus tip appears to be shiny black - not transparent or translucent as would be expected of a fine diamond. Hence by deduction the stylus is synthetic. Not sure what a TTUSB (USB turntable?). The cartridge should work on any turntable to which it can mounted. Note that this is a 'throwaway' cartridge at $32 USD (Amazon). There is no stylus replacement for it. Also note that the cartridge's weight can be reduced by about 1/2 (to about 2.5 gm) by removing the metal weight installed on the mounting surface. This fact is to be found in Ortophon documents (which are now obsolete). Caveat Emptor!
Yes, I believe this is a (standard) 'moving-magnet' type of phono cartridge, as opposed to the pricier and somewhat more delicate "Moving-Coil" type (that often requires a special pre-amp/step-up transformer to boost its typical low signal; many high-end amps/receivers had special phono stages that accepted moving-coil input for this reason. I've had this cartridge for a couple of months now and very satisfied and impressed by the quality of sound it puts out. Hard to beat for the relative low cost of this cartridge... best deal out there, in my opinion. For a more authoritative discussion of moving magnet and moving coil cartridges, look up 'magnetic cartridges' on wikipedia.
I don't think so. I am pretty sure you will need the "VMP Deadcat Wind Muff" which is designed to fit that microphone.
It goes directly over the mic. No foam is needed.
It should... I have the mke 600 and they are about the same so I would think so. I ended up using a micover puffin instead because the ws6 was a little too long when I used the mic holder on my nx5u
I received the white one like in the picture. Bear in mind it's the first gen, but it works just as well and it's brand new.
the problem will not be with the 'nanokontrol', it will be with the 'driver software' or your 'os'.
To be honest idk but I know it works for just about any music production software. Just properly install drivers , iv used with logic, fruity loops, reason. But you might wanna Google to be sure. Check the software forums.
Yes
I don't use FL Studio I use Cakewalk, Sonor and Music Creator 6 and it works well with all of them. I use it mostly for playback on my laptop which I use live with midi tracks played back through the Roland Virtual Sound canvas or the Roland TTS1 Virtual Canvas software. I can't see any reason why it wouldn't work with FL Studio. It took some time to set up but my son helped me with it (he understood it better than I did).
Sure does. You will have to map out the midi yourself which isn't hard.
don't drop it.... it'll stop working if you do.
Without question, it should work for that. I used it at an outdoor function for the homeowners association and it was great. It has both a hand held mike and a ear bud type so it should be perfect for your application.
it's about 12 x 10 x6.
Please forgive me....I MEANT WALMART, online.. they have the Pyle Pro PPMIK Dynamic Microphone @ $10.87, along with a couple of other brands! I'm ordering an extra, myself.
We use it in our small library for public lectures. The sound carries to the back of the 2400 sq. ft. room. We did have a speaker that did some singing and her voice was clear.
We were about 15 yards maximum from the speaker, but it keep losing power and cutting out ofter. We were not happy with it.
Yes. This equipment is used daily in our cafeteria with 100+ students, and we have used it in our elementary school gym when that PA system wasn't working. All you need is batteries! It is a great little system.
You probably can do what you are asking as long as the two units are receiving the same frequency. The one I bought has a number (sticker) on the PA unit itself and a matching number on the hand held mic. This indicates to me that there are several different frequencies with these units. You would need to request matching units.
Lithium ion would work the best
HS120B Can not work for 2mics at the same time, but the HS122 will do it.
Unfortunately it does not work that way. It does not have an AUX output though if you were close enough to the main unit to plug in earbuds you probably wouldn't need them no matter how hearing impaired you were assuming it was turned up loud enough to fill a fair sized room as it is generally designed to do. Non hearing impaired people should be able to hear this thing loud and clear for at least a 30 foot radius in an otherwise quiet room and still understand words from it even farther away. If there are hearing impaired folks that need to hear it I would recommend they sit very close to it compared to others.
Crappy mikes. I would se)l you mine fot $100. You pay shipping
12 hours
6 to 8 hr of normal use
VocoPro is an American company, but I did not keep the box, so I do not know where mine where manufactured. The quality is very good. I go to lots of Karaoke clubs and VocoPro wireless mikes are the most frequently used. They work very well.
Thanks for your inquiry. The guitar has no flaws it is brand new and it is the exact color as in the picture.
YES it is..
My ES175 Heritage came with 57 Humbuckers, a black case and dark blue velour interior with a cape that covers the ES 175 when the case is closed. The pick ups on the model shown here, are not the 57 Humbuckers. Hope that helps!! They look like P90's to me.
Yes, it does come with a Gibson Custom Hardshell case
I believe it was 2012
yes, need correct adapter from 1/8th to 1/4, easy to find at any radio shack.
Yes, I do it all the time with my iPhone, just need a xlr - 3.5mm wire.
No, but there are powered subs available on the market.
We have had no complaints from this speaker before. Did you purchase your speaker on Amazon? I would call JBL tech support.
Yes
This........http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000KGYAYQ/ref=oh_details_o09_s00_i00?ie=UTF8&psc=1
No Bluetooth. It is one speaker cabinet which houses two cones.
You need a cable cannon male with plus 1/4 ,the side cannon conect on the back of speakers
It sure can. Just a small adapter needed if you don't readily have RCA to 1/4inch (or XLR) cable handy. If not, run RCAs out into the EON 315 with a Dual RCA Female to 1/4inch Male Stereo adapter. RadioShack has tons of those, pretty inexpensive but friggin' durable. I've been heavily using mine for 3 years and still goin'. Works like charms on a genie. Hope this helps.
1/8" to stereo XLR cable goes into the A and B ins (I'm assuming you do A=Left B=R, but it's up to you) on the subwoofer. Then an XLR cable goes from the A out on the sub to the in on the left Eon, another XLR cable goes from the B out on the sub to the in on the right Eon. Make sure the switch on the back is set on HPF.
Polarity has nothing to do with venue size. Speakers have drivers, which vibrate forward and backward very quickly to make sound. If you have two speakers totally in phase, they will vibrate forward and backward at the same time. If they are totally out of phase, one goes forward while one goes back. This will make the sound quieter than if you had just one speaker. You want your subs, mains, and any other speakers you have to be in phase, if they are not then you can reverse the phase on the subs, which will cause them to move back when they were moving forward and forward when they were moving back, and hopefully that will realign the phase of all of the speakers.
Yes I purchase a pole called onstand because is adjustable for any kind of height
No
You can although it will be way more power then necessary for a home theater let alone a real theater
You cannot send a hot signal into the speaker. If you have an aux out for a stereo signal, that will work just fine.... but no power lines going to the speakers!!
Yes you can if it has a sub out, but its kind of a waste. Unless you live in the boon docks, its going to be highly disruptive to anyone within 100-150 feet of it
Rich, it is also going to depend on whether you have EQ control on your mixer. If you do and you are using the high pass filter, you are in a lot better position because you can cut back or extend your bass with your EQ knob. Sub is not as affected when your crowd shows up because the lower frequencies pass right through the people for the most part. I set EQ bass at middle and then put sub's volume where it sounds great for the space. Then I can use EQ to subtract bass in the early evening and ramp it up as the older guests (who are the most sensitive to bass) leave the party and the younger crowd really wants to jump. If no EQ on your mixer I would place the sub in a location where you can manually adjust volume as the evening progresses. -Nicholas (aka DJ Chester Chomp) AnchorageDJs.com
I would use the crossover. Takes some of the burden off your tops and allows for full stereo.
Not sure... But I have 2 of them plus a 3000 watt amp all running off of a normal 15 amp outlet with know problems and I like it loud!
Hi Johnny, yes it does have phantom power. There is switch next to the power switch to turn phantom on.
No....why would it!? Its a mixer not a guitar.
Two (2)
I have not tried used phantom power on every channel, only 2 , and did not hunt down where they were. the way the manual is written all 24 xlr channels have phantom power. http://www.behringer.com/assets/SX3242FX_SX2442FX_M_EN.pdf page 5 under mic pre amp
that should be easy to check with Amazon return policies.
First off, I don't want to sound like a jerk, but this board runs like any other professional board. You have a red LED on solid when that channel is on mute. When off mute the same LED will flicker if you are clipping (clipping not good). On the top of the channel there is an amber LED below the input gain that will flicker when you are in the sweet spot with your input signal. Unless muted, all channels are hot. Use the PFL button to set your gain levels on each channel during sound check to find that spot. NEVER touch the PFL during a performance. Short answer, no, but board showed you which channels are off.
Yes
This is just an audio mixer NOT an amp. It run on AC current of 110 to 120 volts at 60 cycles.
Yes, most definitely. I am running 8 3way mains and 2 dual 18" subs. That's aside from the 4 monitor speakers for the band.
Yes
Acid Pro 7 is a music creation program primarily. Using it as an EQ would be overkill. Youre better off buying a physical EQ console.
Assuming that you have registered your software (under the help menu) 1 - Open into Sony Acid. 2 - Go to the help menu at the top of interface. 3 - Click on FL Studio Homepage. 4 - Log in. 5 - Click My Account. 6 - My Licenses. This is where you can download your content.
I'm using it on Windows 7. It's definitely 64 bit.
Do you mean, just take previous recordings and process the sound for better fidelity (via EQ's, noise reduction, etc.)? Not sure what you mean by "clean/scrub audio" but this is a full DAW with multi-track recording, editing, mixing, arranging and producing. It includes Midi in/out and can host a multitude of plug ins. It also comes with it it's own suite of plugins for effects, EQ, etc. It is a full workstation. If all you want to do is process audio, I would look at something like SoundForge or another simple audio editor
Yes
Yes you can. I use the same. Good luck
You can install ACID Pro 7 on as many computers as you want.
You can but it's likely you'll need either an audio interface or mixing board for your mic. If you ready have either connected to your PC you should be fine.
yes
Yes it works fine under Windows 8. That's what I have it installed on.
Acid Pro 7 is a music creation program primarily. Using it as an EQ would be overkill. Youre better off buying a physical EQ console.
Assuming that you have registered your software (under the help menu) 1 - Open into Sony Acid. 2 - Go to the help menu at the top of interface. 3 - Click on FL Studio Homepage. 4 - Log in. 5 - Click My Account. 6 - My Licenses. This is where you can download your content.
I'm using it on Windows 7. It's definitely 64 bit.
Do you mean, just take previous recordings and process the sound for better fidelity (via EQ's, noise reduction, etc.)? Not sure what you mean by "clean/scrub audio" but this is a full DAW with multi-track recording, editing, mixing, arranging and producing. It includes Midi in/out and can host a multitude of plug ins. It also comes with it it's own suite of plugins for effects, EQ, etc. It is a full workstation. If all you want to do is process audio, I would look at something like SoundForge or another simple audio editor
Yes
Yes you can. I use the same. Good luck
You can install ACID Pro 7 on as many computers as you want.
You can but it's likely you'll need either an audio interface or mixing board for your mic. If you ready have either connected to your PC you should be fine.
yes
Yes it works fine under Windows 8. That's what I have it installed on.
it means it operates on the 550-580 mhz band that used to be for TV broadcast.
no, this lav wireless is enough by itself to record to any camera, but i do not know about iphone though.
You can use with any camcorder that has mini plug input. Is a good mic
No but they are cheap. I have run it in to my T 5i but I prefer running it to my zoom h4n.
These Sony units have their own battery packs. No external power needed.
Exceeded my expectations and can be used as an attachment to an HD camera, mine is an HDRFX7E, or as a stand alone recorder or intercom. I have used it at distances in excess of 200 metres without any drop in performance so I guess it will operate at longer distances. Sound is absolutely first class. It is reasonably expensive but you only get what you pay for. Hope that is useful but if you need further details please don't hesitate to make contact. Regards
You need 2 receivers for this microphone. There are systems that can use 1 but they are more expensive.
According to one of our local music stores the answer would be yes. I bought it for my 11 year old nephew who just entered the fifth grade and stands almost 6'... we will be looking for a taller stand next school year.
Unfortunately there aren't any, I even called amazon and they were unable to contact the GP. You should purchase a DVD and it should be able to help you out
It may need to be tightened, there are screws on the side. Mine was actually missing but it has worked out ok. That is all the advise I can give you and you can walk into a music store to check it out before returning.
No
Yes
I bought this for me nephew who was in fifth grade at the time. I believe it's just a drum-set stand, because his mother and I had a conversation about the eventual need of a higher stand.
Yes, this drum does have the snares underneath.
I'm no drummer, so I'm not sure, but it doesn't look like plastic to me. It says, "Made in China."
The ones we have in stock is shipped out of Florida
Yes it does ;)
The sticker on mine says "Made in China." It is however the finest Chinese-made electric guitar I've ever handled. Flawless.
There is nothing marked on the headstock.
Looking at the controls while holding the guitar...the controls on the left of the cluster (closest to the pickguard) are neck volume (top) and bridge volume (bottom). The two on the right (closest to the bottom of the guitar) are the master tone (top) and the middle pickup volume (bottom). The 3 way switch only controls the neck and bridge pickups, the middle pickup is controlled by its volume control alone. I figured this out on my own personal Riviera Custom P93...it's my favorite guitar!
I bought a hard shell for mine, nothing else comes with it...if you buy extra strings go with 11's...great guitar for blues, slide, country...use open G tuning on mine...I see a lot of complaints about this guitar, but works great for me. I also have a Gibson ES339 that cost much more and I really like it but keep it in standard tuning hope this helps
The PROcaster is an XLR microphone geared towards broadcast. There is a different model, the PODcaster, which is geared towards podcasting and using USB.
It weighs almost 2 pounds it's a quite a heavy microphone ,very well-built though!
In my experience that would not be the best usage for this microphone. While what you're trying to achieve is technically possible, you'll have much better success with a bidirectional mic for two speakers or an omnidirectional mic for more. The Procaster is an end-address cardioid mic which means it is designed to be spoken into from one direction. Rode makes some at least one omni, and the Blue Yeti series has some pattern switchable mics.
The built in pop filter does an okay job but I bought the foam cover and never hear it when using that.
it should have 3, I would return it. It sounds defective
I think It is too big for holding in hand.
You can do this two ways. Get this and use a pre with a digital interface to send to usb. I use the ART Dual Tube Pre which sounds nicer than anything else anywhere near the price, especially since this is for voc work 95% of the time, and just project music stuff otherwise. The other approach, if you aren't ever going to interview or do any dual mic recording (which is part of the other 5% for me), is to buy the "same" thing from Rode as the PODCASTER which has an A2D to USB output with far better sampling than voc work needs and has a little headphone monitoring output, too. It's made for high-quality podcasting and decent, let's say, more than serviceable voc work for basic tasks. You would want to go with separates to do voicing for a major studio film or major agency ad, but for telephone voc work (on hold, directory, etc), the Podcaster is more than good enough, and certainly for primarily AM work and pretty much anything online except full bandwidth and rate MP3s. I already owned the ART Dual Tube Pre, so I didn't need any electronics in the mic. I prefer the look of the Procaster, too. Make sure you use a shock mount. It picks up LF mechanical/handling noise easily like any large diaphragm mic will.
3" x 2.75" x 0.75"
It does C#, not D minor.
Yes
Yes you can, I use it to set open G on my lap Steel guitar quite often. It gives you a real vibrant chord sound that sounds awesome.
The other great thing about this Tuner is that it takes a CR2032 battery, that last just as long, if not longer than a regular AA Battery. Had mine in since February. And its still goin strong, through all the Gigs I've been doin.
I don't know much about pianos, but I don't see why not!
if you get the drivers for rs 485 on the usb connector
Not sure. I use it with VenueMagic. You should be able to contact Velleman product support and find out.
I would if you could find the drivers but not have tryed
Works great with freestyler dmx on windows. Also has drivers for other various programs that run on windows.
Cable is not included.
Can it??
Sorry, i do not Know!
I have used it with multiple computers running some form of windows. I use a light program called freestyler that has built in drivers. Hope this helps.
Generally they are shipped in the box and case is extra.
Yes. It can. We bought it for our son and he plays it with and without a slide. He loves the sound of this guitar
This guitar is louder than most acoustic guitars with it's unique voicing.
The only name on it is Dobro.
Plays just like a regular guitar, but they are great for slide!
there are many ways to use it, I have set it up on a table , or bungee strap to ceiling , or wood screw to plank and hang over rafters.
The multi-flower II and S-25 II strobe lights comes with mounting brackets. The brackets can be used to mount on a tripod/wall ect.
The lights in this pack are around 50 V. Don't know if that helps but thanks for asking.
No!
I received the white one like in the picture. Bear in mind it's the first gen, but it works just as well and it's brand new.
the problem will not be with the 'nanokontrol', it will be with the 'driver software' or your 'os'.
To be honest idk but I know it works for just about any music production software. Just properly install drivers , iv used with logic, fruity loops, reason. But you might wanna Google to be sure. Check the software forums.
Yes
I don't use FL Studio I use Cakewalk, Sonor and Music Creator 6 and it works well with all of them. I use it mostly for playback on my laptop which I use live with midi tracks played back through the Roland Virtual Sound canvas or the Roland TTS1 Virtual Canvas software. I can't see any reason why it wouldn't work with FL Studio. It took some time to set up but my son helped me with it (he understood it better than I did).
Sure does. You will have to map out the midi yourself which isn't hard.
don't drop it.... it'll stop working if you do.
Furman's are really nice working with sound equipment. I use one on my personal stereo gear and one on my PA (including wireless) Bigest advantage is noise suppression and also getting all devices running at the same level on the same clock. Pretty affordable for everything it provides You will realize a maximization of frequency range. Herbert Bicknell Hardy Socio Muiscoligist Michigan
Yes
Yeah. This device is exactly like a old school power strip. The difference is it gives clean, protected power. They are specially circuited to provide even, low noise, "conditioned" power. Better applications would be for sound equipment as you are more concerned with "clean" power in this scenario. But certianly works like any other power strip as far as what you can plug into it
Thank You for Contacting CableOrganizer.com. The only 220-240 V product that we have available in Amazon at this moment is the Furman Sound Classic Series Power Conditioner - 20 Amp with Volt Meter. If you search for B001JJQTQA, you will find the description and picture. We have 1 in stock if you would like to order it today. Let me know if i can help you with anything else. Thank You. Cableorganizer
Sure, as long as it's 120 volt.
No
about 11 inches
If your outlet is putting out 122.4v, it is very good because most house outlets are in range of 115v to 120v. There is no way to manually calibrate power input that I am aware of beside the European power option switch. You should understand how a power conditioners primary function really is; Think of it like a power "buffer" and "stabilizer" the electricity that flows throughout your house outlets are shared power and because of this you get power spikes, do to when some devices and appliances get turned on or off and some has auto on/off. The main purpose of the "Furman PL-C" is to take in the unstable power and buffered to a stabilized nominal average voltage output. It is also suppose to maintain a steady balance power even thou of the incoming power spikes. Hope this help and answered your question.
It's super long, not sure the exact length but at least 10 feet.
Hi Darian - I don't ever talk to anyone on a blog or respond to anything when asked, but I am now for you. I am not familiar with the M-8DX. However, the Furman PL-Plus C is actually even better and more sophisticated, in terms of protection, than I initially realized. I can recommend two things for you to do to get the most accurate information. It is what I have done myself. You can go to the Furman website (furmansound.com) and read everything you want to know about the Furman PL-Plus C, as well as any of their other products. You can also call Furman's extraordinary Tech Support. The number is on their website. The tech support person is heckin brilliant. He told (taught) me a lot, including just how excellent the PL-Plus C is. He made me feel impressed with my choice. Based on my conversation with him, whatever is plugged into that strip is totally protected in a very big way. He had me plug everything into them. I have two, one for my home theater gear and one for my music production and recording gear. If you have a modem as part of your equipment, plug it into the Furman too. If you have a coaxial cable that is in any way part of your setup, that must also be protected. You will need another small piece of equipment for that, which is also sold on Amazon and I purchased it just today. Panamax is a sister company to Furman. You can access it from Furman's website or go direct to panamax.com. Amazon sells Panamax products too. Amazon has the best prices on both companies. I know because I hunted around quite a bit to get the best deal. I joined Amazon Prime recently. You get free shipping on almost everything and guaranteed 2 days delivery! It's fantastic. If you have any more questions I can help you with, feel free to get back to me if it's possible on this system. There's probably a lot more I can help you out with and maybe you can help me out too. It's great to have someone to talk to about all this stuff. It can be pretty intense. Good luck with everything.
Yes you can. It's quite easy to do. It requires headphones, but that is always the case.
Yes you can. I've given up on this machine though, I can't figure it out.
No it does not.
I don't know why, since in my opinion just the GarageBand app + iRig would be a better option for mac users... But yes -- you just might need the right cable, depending on what you intend to do with it: probably just a cable with a stereo mini-TRS connector (earphone plug type) and a TS or TRS big connector (common guitar-cable plug type), if you want to record from the mac to the recorder.
I didn't try this yet. But one the reviewers (see here: http://www.amazon.com/review/R8PUZKPTAI12C/ref=cm_cr_rdp_perm?ie=UTF8&ASIN=B001JJFR8Q&linkCode=&nodeID=&tag=) just said he used an SDHC 8GB card with no problem.
You need an adapter if you don't want to use batteries. I used one for a PSP and it works great.
I haven't used mine in about a year, still can't get the files off. As I remember the WAV is the mixed down version, not separate tracks. I need to fool around with it again, get the tracks off and start over. I can't figure the damn thing out.
Sorry so late on the response but I'm gonna answer it anyway... No it won't plug into the t.v. because a mic is just an object that picks up sound. It still needs a power source and an amp to boost that signal (your voice), and THEN into your t.v. like a VCR or DVD player would by using those different colored RCA jacks. But on the bluetooth player, it just depends on what you got. If the player specifically has a "line in" or a mic jack on it, then yes it would. If it doesn't have those, then I'm sorry but the answer is a no again. If you really want to hook the mic up to the t.v. just as what it is with no video at all, I would suggest finding a separate microphone preamp for like $20 or $25 also here on Amazon. That will give you what you want as your voice through the t.v. but will be a straight black screen. that's why a VCR, DVD or Karaoke player is so much more expensive, because it takes the audio and the video source at the same time to put it up on the screen. I hope this wasn't too geeky and more of a real source of info that you could use. And whatever it is that you are doing...Good luck. You can write anytime for questions needing answered like this too. I won't steer you wrong!
I honestly do not know if it does or not. I bought it as a back up to a wireless mic. So I haven't even used this one.
No
No, I had to buy an adapter for this..
As long as the karaoke machine has the correct corresponding input jacks, it should work just fine.
No
it should! Not familiar with that machine...but as long as plug fits it should work. If the mic plug is too big i believe you can get an adapter at any Radio Shack
I got it to work only on my kareoke machine... I has the bigger connection on it. Sorry I can't give more info on it.
the cord is pretty long this is a great mirocphone
I really don't know. Used with amp for girl's singing.
This is a great case first of all. I have an ibanez and a Peavey electric they fit easily. If yours is not too much thicker than a typical solid body it will work. Hope this helps.
Yes
This case is about 40.6 x 13 x 2.4
Honestly I would say width wise a little longer then a Quarter, & it was flat I didn't like it :-0 . It's too small literally. I thought that it was too small and cheaply made . In the pic it's portrayed like it was bigger and a full size mini saxophone but it wasn't :-0
Yes.
I'm not really sure, but it was long enough for me. I think I ended up switching the chains out with my mom for a longer one just because I had another necklace on that it was the same length. I needed a longer one for that. The saxophone itself is kinda small but I love it. Its really pretty and not to heavy which I like.
cannot say what the chain is, but goldtone, very thin, fragile clasp, chain will break with normal wearing, before tarnishing.
They are not posts, but French hooks and I think they are stainless steel, but I'm not sure.
Son muy livianos, ademas el material es bueno.
About two inches at the most
It is approximately two inches in length from neck to pin (without pin extended).
No. It's in a plastic bag.
I'm sorry that happened to her. My necklace hasn't had any problems. I recommend you send it back and get a replacement.
clean the area free of superglue & use metal epoxy. I hope this helps.
I'm sorry, but this necklace broke years ago and I don't have it any longer.
It does not record and playback, but we easily hooked ours up to an old VCR and do our recording/playback from that.
Yes
No
1. If you download karaoke songs from itunes onto your ipod and then plug it into this system, do the lyrics appear on the screen? I would be wary of CD+G from iTunes, for the simple fact that Karaoke music is comprised of two separate files. IF and only IF you download the music and the data file which is required from iTunes as one (and I doubt it), then you should have no problem. Also, in order to make a CD+G disc to use in the device, you need Karaoke Software like Karaoke Studio which is capable of making discs from the two files. I think most complaints that you'll read where people are saying the lyrics are not showing up are people who are unaware of Karaoke files actually are and what's required. When they burn a disc and press play, the music comes on and the lyrics don't because you have to use specific software. Karaoke is an investment for sure and the Music +G is never cheap. 2. Do all karaoke cds work on this system, and do the lyrics always show up on the screen as well? I've purchased several Karaoke compilations from Amazon and they've all worked so far without problem. As anyone who knows Karaoke will say, it's best to try and master three or four songs and really develop your ability. If you really want to make those songs the way you want it, like adjusting the lyrics as they're sometimes wrong or inserting background pictures, Karaoke software is the next step.
I purchased this case for my granddaughter. She told me there was a slot in the back of the case with room for pencils and cork grease. Hope this helps out.
Probably Yes I have a Selmer Bundy and it's a snug fit. Very light and heavy weight. It still looks and holds great.
Yes, however, once it is in there, not many other books will fit in probably.
Roughly 12x9x3
My son is in middle school and we got him a clarinet off ebay. It came with a terrible case from the 70's so I bought him this case to replace it. He loves it. The clarinet is protected and it is lightweight.
Yes, we are able to record channels 1-16 on the board through the USB and software. You can choose the tracks you want.
ours has always been 549.00, maybe somebody else had one at 399.00, but it probably wasn't new...
it will take *all* channels out of the master in stereo...
2 years initially, plus 3 years, but u must register it online to get extended 3 years
I am not sure. So far we have only used with an XP laptop. It works perfectly with it. We record each weekly service with no other audio interface with no problems. Good Luck
I recommend you use yamaha since you have more channel outputs and sharpness sound is very good. but let me tell you something peavy PV20 USB mixer works great is amazing in every way and is cheaper
its an awesome board, I promise you. I also bought the peavey 4080htz amp to go with it
No, it is too large for rack mounting.
It comes without a case!!!
It does not come with a USB cable.
i think you need the 9" try one of them and see if not then maybe the 10" thanks
YES, this 9 inch head will fit the Sambaty 9 inch, Alexandrian style, aluminum doumbek
Yes this would be the outer diameter measurements.
I have both. The soprano is easier to chord but I have large fingers so I like the tenor because there's more room between strings and frets. You're right though, the tenor does sound richer.
Mine came with Aquila strings. I don't know if they are all like this or if I just got a good one, but my uke has an amazingly bright sound.
Laminate. Good sweet sound. Pure slices are going to be a lot more expensive. Good luck.
There isn't a plug in, but you can google which pickups people have used to amplify it. I used the $7 transducer one and it sounded awful. Good luck. It's a good entry ukulele otherwise
Yes it is already strung. This is a wonderful little instrument. Has great sound. Would recommend buying a snark tuner. Ukuleles go out of tune a lot when you first use the strings. The Hawaiian looking bag fits it real nicely and provides some protection for It Lanikai FB-T Gig Bag for Tenor Ukulele 29.00 well worth the money it is not cheaply made
The body dimensions are 17"x23.75" (WxL). The head area is 17"x12.25" (WxL). The overall internal dimensions are 48"x17" (WxL). Not sure where they got the dimensions in the product description. There is a small flare at the end of the body to accommodate the Z series Dean bodies. I can try to take a photo of the internals if you need more detail.
Yes the case fits that guitar easily.
Delivered in a box in full size. It can't be folded, the case is still hard structured but uses lightweight elements.
I don't own a Cadillac, so it depends on how deep the body is. This case holds my ML nicely, so plenty of room for the Wings headstock, but mine's 1.5 inches deep. My ML has a Floyd Rose, and the top does hit the fine tuning screws when closed (must remove the whammy bar). I measured the depth of the case, and it is just shy of 2.5 inches of room for the body, assuming a lower profile tremolo or string thru, etc. It is large (50 x 19.25 x 5.25 inches) but very light and very well made, with a shoulder strap and Velcro closing padded handle. Hope this helps.
It definitely will. I've dropped the case so many times from different heights before and the guitar was perfectly fine. It's just really big.
Should since the AoD2 is a custom artist model of the Z series. I'm looking into getting me the lefty version. Own an ML and V series that both fit fine in it. Case is listed as ML/V/Z series case.
No completely different shaped guitar
I'd guess you've already gotten plenty of answers to this, but if not, yes you can set them all to just 'on'. That's what we do with my band performances. They don't fade though, not as far as i'm aware... I do like them, personally.
You cannot control the dim, it is set up to go with the sound of the music you playing, but can control how slow or fast can dim or also you can change the dim which has I belive has four setup, for example one setup dim lights from center to either both side, other dim setup dim lights from right and left side to center, other one by one in sequence and then you can change the speed. The set is very good for the price, still you can buy a different set of dim for the four set of lights and go as you wish.
Yes
The lights set comes with a control box where you plug all 4 lights and from that box the main power cord and in that box the control or controller where you set the speed or mode for the lights to dim or not as you like, also they will dim according to the music you playing, disco, romance or any. I also recommend to put one speaker closer to the lights for better dim depending how loud is the music, specially if it outside during summer by the pool or backyard. They are great lights for a set and heavy duty, not plastic. People loves those lights, they think is fancy if you own them and make any event to look much better and classic.
Each light is a single color
Yes Daniel, the controller does all that. Go with the music is a setting that allows the controller to follow the beat of the music and do random things
Hard to say really. I replaced the 75 watt bulbs with 100watt ones. I have 2 rigs and use them in small club settings.they provide plenty of light for our four members.
9 feet is as far as I have gone - I love these lights... very nice quality
Yes
Yes
It'll fit fine. The space for the headstock is open and not molded.
Yes, it has TSA approved locks!
Yes, but I bought 3 cases from Amazon and they all were defected!! I sent them all back..... Go to your local guitar center store and buy one from there....!
I read on a discussion site where someone said they had a js22 and it fit in the jackson case. I never had a 7 string so I can't confirm that statement?
I think that it will fit, but may be a tight squeeze on the sides
No that's what we wanted it for! It fit Jackson dinky just fine.
Like a glove.
Yup will totally fit any Jackson headstock
The approximate dimensions are 43.5" long x 16" wide x 5.5" thick.
Don't know what size Epiphone AJ-100CE is but it fits my full size classical guitar + plenty of room for music sheets, metronome and almost everything.
Its jjust a guess but about 5 or 6 inches. I have a washburn super jumbo and it fits. Its not lose, but it does fit.
It should fit. It a jumbo guitar they are held to specific body dimensions for a jumbo. Just like dreadnaugt. So this should fit. Get dimensions of the body and the case and make sure they match. But from what I saw it looked good.
It should. My Peavey Grind 5 string fits perfectly.
The case is 47 inches long on the inside and 13 1/4 inches at the widest point--hope this helps!!
Not sure on the exact dimensions, but there is plenty of room for a peavey bass guitar as well as wires and extra strings. It is a great case!
Yes absolutely. It does have one speaker and makes plenty of sound for such a small amp. I use it for both my keyboard and acoustic/electric guitar... It has a standard input jack. You can also plug in a mic or headphones. It's very well made and lives up to Fender's quality. Good Luck, hope this helps!
I don't think so. This is an amp for ELECTRIC GUITAR.
it uses AC power, you plug it into the wall
I haven't heard of anyone that has, but I don't see a reason why not. You should check with others that play electric cello and see what they recommend.
Approx. 10" x 10" 5" deep.
yes, that is the same kind of guitar use with the amp, works great !!
Yes
This amp is 120V so yes you would need to use a transformer to convert the 220/240V to 120V.
Yes, but it wont be loud enough to gig with.
Also, it might be a blown fuse.
mine came carefully packed inside a second box and arrived in perfect condition
Everything comes in one large box. It is rectangular and about 4 feet long and two feet wide. It is well packed dont worry about damage. It weighs about 50 pounds.
No you have to buy your own
Yes it is a full sized lead/rhythm electric guitar.
Yes, this is not a toy guitar, this is the real deal.
Rocksmith is designed to work with ALL 1/4 jack electric guitars! I have Rocksmith for PC and my Squier works very well with it.
Squiers are Chinese built. To that point, very few Fenders are still made in the US. Fender manufactures many of their guitars in Mexico and uses China as their source for the Squier line of products.
I have never had one in our store for sale
I would contact Amazon,I'm sure you can return it or maybe swap out amp.
From guitar to amp is quarter inch both ends but the auxiliary input on the amp is eighth inch. Headphones out is also eighth inch.
As in joystick, are you referring to the 360 degree movable pitch bends? I have gotten this cable to work with both standard pitch wheels and even modulation wheels, but I've never tried the joystick type. Perhaps midi doesn't support that type of signal.
I immediately hooked it up with the connection kit, downloaded Garage band and had connectivity and success. I am now getting ready to connect it to a pc.
It should... I have a roland v-drum set and it works like a charm. In my case I am using a mac, and it works great with garage band and other software i tried. No driver required and virtually no delay. It should be similar in a PC but I have not tried it.
Make sure your out in in connection is aligned correctly on your keboard, I had the same problem, try switching then around in the back of the keboard
No, midi in and midi out are seperate functions.
Yes, It will work with windows 7. I had no problems at all.
If the keyboard has a midi out/in slot then it will work. I have Windows 8.1 and it worked for me
Android computer, like a chrome book? If you can download a program onto the device, the program should be able to read the midi data from this cable.
Make sure you have it install correct .. I wasn't either until I fixed my input and output
Yes
My daughter has had her guitar for nearly a year. She plays almost everyday. She leaves it plugged in some of the time and has not yet changed the battery. Hope this helps.
Yes, we can ship item(s) to worldwide. Our item(s) ship directly from Japan.
Yes The front photo is not the 114ce and the second photo is the 114ce. the front photo is the the big baby taylor.
You would have to purchase one from a third party as the guitar comes with a soft case.
The guitar comes quickly and safely packed in a box with casing and secured in place & very lightweight. I have ordered two and have not had any problem.
I bought mine at a store, it did include a hard case, however in the amazon info it says "gig bag" which means a soft bag
It's made in Mexico by the Taylor company (similar factory to US one) just across the border
I believe it was a number 2
It is for students.
I thing it did come with cork grease but I had already bought a kit that had the cork grease, swab and I also ordered a box o9f reeds, it was the best price I could find on reeds I gave about the same price for a box of reed as they wanted for 1 locally and were the same reeds.
Yes it does. It's sounds so nice I recommend buying it. And if you don't like there is always a 1 year warranty.
Absolutely not. No-name clarinets like these are never made of wood, they're plastic. Granted, it's rare to find a student clarinet that /isn't/ plastic given woods are more susceptible to cracking and less apt for outdoor play (think marching band). You'd be hard-pressed to find a decent quality grenadilla clarinet for less than $700.
Truth said ,it fell apart the second day , grandson was in music class. Then to get it fixed you have to mail it back with 90 dollar so they can mail it back to you . Daughter found a nice used one at the place she went to try to get it fixed . I think the music store felt sorry for her .
2
It's definitely not wood. Not sure I would call it plastic, but I guess it is.
Hi Dave. In answer to your query about the nylon string distancing at the bridge of my Cordoba C7 CD classical, the span twixt 'E' at the 6th string and 'E' at the 1st string; that distance is just a tad shy of 2 5/16", more like 2 9/32". I hope that helps. Moreover, if you are shopping around for a fine instrument for the money spent, my Cordoba is wonderful.
The C7 is a full-sized classical guitar.
I am not familiar with the Will Nelson,but the tone of this instrument is beautiful.
Yes it does. I can easily play notes and complex chords at the uppermost fret with ease.
Sorry, I am not sure! Wishi I could be of more help
Yes
It's not a large full size but yes. And just to add a comment, I remember reading a review from a another musician that said that he was amazed at the tone of this guitar and that it sounded like a much more expensive guitar. After playing it I would have to agree. I've had much more expensive guitars than this and this just sounds absolutely gorgeous. Highly recommend unless you're wiling to spend much more and get a superior instrument. This has really turned into my favorite travel guitar. It's a true acoustic and has no electronics at all but everywhere I play this people love it and if it gets trashed sometime, somewhere I'll be upset but I won't have lost a small fortune. Hope this helps.
I use it for my Fender Strats or my Ibanez RG when it's inconvenient to tort a bulky hard shell case to a jam session. Don't own any Schecters though. I can say that it is a top quality case that provides more protection than a regular gig bag.
I don't think it would
dear customer, Please open link below and you can see there specifications with dimensions for this case: http://www.skbcases.com/music/products/proddetail.php?id=526&c=82&o=&s=75 please measure your guitar and you can find out if it will fit in this case thank you Ivana
dear customer, Please open link below and you can see there specifications with dimensions for this case: http://www.skbcases.com/music/products/proddetail.php?id=526&c=82&o=&s=75 please measure your guitar and you can find out if it will fit in this case thank you Ivana
I don`t know. I use it for my telecaster and it fits perfectly
No. Too narrow.
I dont know since i use it for a squire strat which is a fender strat body, it fits well but not tight, it has some extra room for the body "horns" depth wise it has some extra room and is padded so it should fit any strat type Now if you will only use it home is ok but if you gig it much i would recomend a hard case mine had one hinge come off, the holes are not holding the s rew anymore i could put dif screws but it stil works and i do not take the guitr out of the house much so it is still ok for me so, just consider it (i got mine a couple of years back so they could have improve that hinge thing, but again i did take good care of the case and still failed on that), other than thas is a good case i think Good luck deciding
Yes it is. I had a Jackson KV Jenna and it was perfect. I also put in my 1993 Jackson Rhoads in it which is offset V and it was fine. Both 22 and 24 Fret are fine in this case. Its one of the more affordable cases that combine a hard and soft in one. Hope this helps. I have been asked before about 7 String guitars and the headstock is a bit too long and makes the guitar rub inside and cause unessary wear in the case that is not needed.
It should work with both. However the JrV does not have a bulky headstock like the KKV with the widow headstock so its iffie if the KKV would work. The JrV has the same headstock as my KV3 Jackson King V. Both guitars have a 25.5 scale so I would say honestly no to the KKV fitting and yes to the JrV. I don't know the dimensions of the BC widow headstock but its a bit bigger then the JrV
Yes, I would say....be to because the case is soft, and the headstock area is made to accept a Dean V headstock, as you can see from the picture.....which can fit also, a left or, right handed V guitar....I think it's a safe purchase...
I bought it, great case, I had 3 different V's a Jackson Rhoads, king V, and a Dean mustaine V, hope that helps
I cannot confirm, as I do not have this model of guitar to fit check it.
It should I have a Jackson KVX10 king V limited and it fits well. I looked at a pic of the LTD and it looks the same. This case is awesome and protects the guitar well
I'm 235 lbs and it holds me fine
Do not eat this bench
I don't know. It is well built. I would think 200 lbs -250 lbs is a safe weight.
22 inches
my daughter age 8 is using it ,she's is no 5 feet yet
Yes, the seat is about 21" long and 9" wide. That's pretty standard for most portable piano benches.
2 Kids is ok. No 2 Adults.
No. They do have a signal pass thru that can be routed to another *powered" speaker.
For the Sam price you can get the new mackie TH piwered 12" , 1000 watts (black). I have both. The mackies are better suited for your situation. *its the newer Mackie TH IN BLACK, not the Grey ones. They are only 400 watts.
There is one 10" woofer and one horn per cabinet.. 1 box
110
The markings indicate that it will accept 120-240 volts at 50 or 60 hz, and it has an IEC style connector. I have not tested it with anything other than 120v/60hz.
7.7 kg (17 lb)
Sorry tania. Im a proud owner of a pair of these amazing yet compact speakers. They do not have phantom power you will need to get a peavey or yamaha mixer to obtain phantom power.
Dimensions: 12-3/10" W x 19-3/10" H x 10-3/10" D Net weight: 17 lb
There are stops on the side of the speaker (you can just see them in the picture) that allow the speaker to be put on it's side and held at a convenient angle for a monitor. The old version (the black ones; I didn't test our grey's) lean back about 5 degrees more than the new 510's, so they would be closer to the performer, but I wouldn't consider that to be a deal breaker and it's nice that the new speakers have a lower profile on stage.
17lbs
much quality wow kala such aquila
It is very good to be satisfied/happy with this purchase. I am quite certain however you have a mahogany wood laminate instrument...and there is absolutely nothing wrong with that...it only means the understaffed wood is plywood, with a thin layer of mahogany laminate on the outside. Many folks feel this construction is less likely to crack in extreme temps. Glad you are happy!
i have both - i bought a soprano first, and then a few weeks later i bought a concert size. I enjoy playing both a lot. Unless your fingers and hands are ginormous, you should be able to play the soprano just fine. I don't think you'll go wrong with either. Aloha!
Soprano
Yes it is, it's an entry level ukulele made from laminate but it's sounds and plays great for the price.
I don't really now - I bought it for my 19 year old daughter who is in a ukulele club at college. Her first one was cheaply made and only $18 - - - she wanted a real wood one for Christmas and was very pleased.
It shows 3 different options: Concert, Tenor, Soprano - Amazon counts them all as the same item.
No, the imagine- as far as the sound hole goes is not correct. Mine has no ivory (plastic) inlay. Mine has an etched in triangular design.
Hello. The Dolphin has a injection molded body while the Kala 15s is wood which I think would provide a superior tone. Also, and this is very important, my Kayla came pre-strung with Aquila strings. I am fairly certain that the Dolphin comes with some cheapo strings. You should check that out.Hope this was a help.
Yes. It was wrapped in packing paper (wax like)
The B7 is for arched tops (think Les Paul guitars), not for flat tops. You need the B5.
Good question! It should work as it is designed for Les Paul models. Good luck.
Polished aluminum.
You won't need to drill holes in your guitar if you also get the Vibramate V7-LP. Here's a link to the product: http://www.amazon.com/Vibramate-V7-LP-Adaptor-Mounting-Aluminum/dp/B0055E87GU/ref=sr_1_3?ie=UTF8&qid=1380546026&sr=8-3&keywords=bigsby+b7.
It should this model is made for arch top guitars
The flute instrument is guaranteed to the original purchaser for three years from the date of purchase.
Yes
No it does not. The head joint is straight. I think you might have been looking at a picture of a different flute.
Unfortunately, I don't know. I search their website and found their comparison between the two flutes to be vague and unhelpful. They indicate a higher quality and offer a longer, 5 year vs 3 year, warranty. And there is a price difference, but no details. I bought my granddaughter the 2SP and she loves it. Not being a flutist, I take heard word for it. I did a lot of research about student flutes at it came highly recommended. Try googling student flutes. Hope this helps.
Yes the flute was new, came in a nice box too. the picture of the flute is: at this link http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001MKKP48?ref_=pe_527950_33920290;
The flute parts are manufactured in Indiana, USA and are then sent to Taiwan to be assembled into flutes. They are then shipped back to Indiana to be tested before they are sold.
I have installed this with my Yamaha P-35, and it works fine. There is a bit of 'free play' before the screws are tighten, about 1/8 to 1/4 in. total of space that you can move the keyboard left-right in between the 2 metal brackets at the 2 ends, but this doesn't cause any trouble. Not sure if this is because the P95 is about 1/8+ in. longer than the P35, or maybe it's just extra space for calibration by design. These end brackets attach the piano to the stand; their screws holes are big enogh to allow for this adjustment, and once the screws are tighten, the piano is secured without any issue. These brackets are under the piano's frame, so the extra gaps are not noticeably visible, and the side pieces of the stand still fit the side ends of the P35 perfectly.
Yes, I have the p-105 and it fits perfectly.
Altogether (keyboard on stand): 29 inches high and 52 inches wide (fullsize keyboard), 11 inches deep. Just the keyboard: about 6 inches high and 11 inches deep (obviously the same)
It's matte. I have a high gloss black bench with cushion top and they look fine together. If you don't think you'll like that, then get a matte bench too.
No - there is no music holder on the stand. The keyboard should have a music holder though.
Fits perfectly!
The cross member is a dark matt grey, but I hardly noticed the difference; so yes, it is not exactly the same as the rest of the stand.
From the floor to the bottom of the keyboard where it rests on the stand is 24". From the floor to the top of the piano keys is 28.5". I am 5' 3" and sit on a chair with seat height of 18.5" at the keyboard and have no problems. I could see someone tall might have difficulty with fitting under the keyboard on the stand comfortably. Hope this helps.
Yes, this will fit the P-45 Piano. Thanks Brit.
No
That was my question too. I think it does. http://www.newegg.com/Product/ProductReview.aspx?Item=N82E16812186035
Yes, it does. Windows 8.1 as well.
Works great with Mac OS! No drivers needs, but you need to tell the operating system to use the new usb device for input and output of sound. This does not occur automatically. Connect the usb stereo sound adapter to usb port in computer. Go to system Preferences and select Sound from Hardware options. Select the Output tab; then scroll and select "C-Media USB Audio Device". Do the same for sound Input under the Input tab. My OS X version is 10.8.5, but should be the same steps for OS X Mavericks.
This worked without any manual configuration on Ubuntu 12.04 LTS. The kernel in use is Linux 3.2.0-67-generic. It is identified as "Bus 001 Device 004: ID 0d8c:0008 C-Media Electronics, Inc." by lsusb. The relevant dmesg lines are: [2845187.137277] input: C-Media USB Audio Device as /devices/pci0000:00/0000:00:1a.0/usb1/1-1/1-1.4/1-1.4:1.3/input/input7 [2845187.137524] generic-usb 0003:0D8C:0008.0003: input,hidraw2: USB HID v1.00 Device [C-Media USB Audio Device ] on usb-0000:00:1a.0-1.4/input3 [2845187.215401] usbcore: registered new interface driver snd-usb-audio So you will have to check compatibility with the kernel and modules used in Ubuntu 10.04. But since your version is quite old, there's a good chance it isn't supported simply because this device may not have even existed in 2010. It isn't listed in the USB device pages, which were last updated mid-2009. https://usb-ids.gowdy.us/read/UD/0d8c
Mono
Yes
It will work as line out, not sure if it will cut off the main speakers.
Yep it works perfect without any other sound card. That's what I bought it for.
Yes. Generic Driver
I have successfully used mine that way on a Windoze laptop that had a bad audio section. Note that when plugged in this unit also disables the laptop's internal speakers, but that is desirable when he's using a headset.
The USB EWI is a midi controller and connects to the couputer through a USB cable, so you need a USB port. It also draws its power thru the USB port. It comes with Garritan software that generates the sounds for the different instruments. Has LOTS of sounds and they are excellent! It helps to have a good quality sound card, but is not necessary. You can upgrade your computer sounds and speakers later if you want. Most modern computers have plenty of processing speed. The software runs under Windows so you need that. I run mine on a desktop computer with a SoundBlaster card and speakers. I also run it on a laptop with a Soundblaster plug in. The instrument sounds range from very good to excellent. My favorites sounds are the clarinets, flutes, and violins. The brass instruments are quite good as well. There are some good online sites to get help. ewiusb dot com is very good and you can google "Bernie Kenerson" for lessons. He will give live lessons via Skype and is an outstanding EWI musician. I had Bells' Palsy for two years and was unable to play my clarinet and saxophones because half of my face was paralyzed. I COULD play my EWI though and used it in my church orchestra. I ran it with my laptop and plugged the sound into the sound system and no one could tell the difference between my EWI and my clarinet. There are also additional sound libraries you can get later to expand your number of available instruments.
Yes, the EWI plugs into your computer and then plug earphones into the computer headphone port.
Not entirely. Recorders (as you know) give you 3 holes for your left fingers, and an octave hole for your left thumb. The EWI gives you 6 contacts for your left fingers, and four octave rollers and a contact strip for your left thumb. Recorders give you 4 holes for your right fingers (or 5 or 6 if your instrument has double holes), and your right thumb is just for support; the EWI gives you 7 contacts for your right fingers, and your right thumb gets a contact pad and two pitch-bending contacts. Despite all that, some notes will offer familiar fingerings for a recorder player. You can shade a hole or do a half-hole on the recorder; on the EWI, you're either touching a contact or you're not. In short, while your experience with recorders will help, you've got some new fingerings to learn on the EWI. And your left pinky is no longer expendable. ;-)
you have the standard EWI fingering setting and the alternatives are Saxophone, Flute, Oboe, and Clarinet
The alternate fingering mode is set in the stand-alone software, and is remembered by the hardware once set. The same goes for any other control changes, such as if you were to reassign the purpose of the bite sensor or the pitch bend sensors. Once set, it should work with any software, though you may have to make sure your software is looking in the right place (in the case of MIDI controls). Once set, your change becomes the default mode and you would have to either reprogram or do a hardware reset to switch back to the factory settings.
There are two controllers on the back of the instrument at the top are the 4 rollers and the sliver squared plate is a glider as you blow the Ewi, use your thumb across the square plate while at the same time the 4 silver rollers in the back of the Ewi, are your pitch controllers that is how you slide from your bottom note to a top note also the midi controller is very touch sensitive if the notes are not coming forth as you move your fingers u out will have to recalebrate the Ewi. I hope this answers your question
If you want to learn a wind instrument I would suggest trying a recorder first. It is far cheaper and easier to troubleshoot. However, I'd say this would a great instrument once you can play a recorder. If you do get the EWI, make sure you google some guides to setting it up... there is additional (free) software you will need to make it work properly.
The EWI USB cannot be used wireless, since it derives its programming directly from the usb port of the system.
No. It only runs through your computer through USB.
Hi, it's a great instrument and you don't need more air force then a saxophone. Have fun! ;-)
Requires power supply.
if there is an incoming phone line yes it will work simply plug the line into the wall jack then from ringer to v tech base
I bought this item for my 94 year old Mother and it never crossed my mind to try and disable the strobe light. She needs all the help she can get. This unit is plugged into a normal electrical wall outlet as well as the telephone line. The audio signal from this device is excellent. Gets her attention that's for sure....
It worked on a digital phone, portable handset. Not sure about an analog phone.
I don't think so Keith. I bought it for my 90 year old father for his apartment. He hated it...it was SOOOOOOOOOOOO LOUD....and the flashing strobe too much for him....perhaps it may work if your warehouse isn't huge?
The ringer has two jacks. One is marked "line" and is connected to the input line, and the other os marked "tel" and is connected to my input base phone. There is no option for any other connection. My cell phone base has no output that I could send to the ringer.
I really don't know. I have mine on one line. And I do not have the box anymore. Sorry
I didn't see any external terminals that could operate a phone line relay. Maybe you could find a sound or light operated relay that responds to the noise or light. Murray
voip uses ethernet jacks (the RJ-45 Ethernet connector) the amplified ringer uses the regular phone jack ( standard RJ-11 phone connectors) so unless there was a way to adapt the 2 together the answer would be no
Not sure. I bought it for my mom's home phone.
It is very much wroth the extra $100. The Pro 40 has some great preamps and you'll get two headphone out's. One for you and another for your vocalist.
Yes, it is PC or MAC compatible, requires FireWire interface. Reverb can be routed back via your DAW for reverb monitoring in headphones, but you may experience some latency. Not sure if it will provide more amp output, you could use a separate headphone amp if more is needed.
It won't hurt anything to try, but I don't think that it's optimal. You could get an inexpensive, or high end, phono stage and run that into the Saffire, which I think would be much better and allow more range. Best of luck.
I'm not sure exactly what your trying to do, but the short of it is probably no. I believe the ADAT ports are strictly for devices. You can daisy chain focusrite products via firewire. If your trying to feed another usb or firewire mixer by routing the 1/4" outputs, you may be able to accomplish this with duplexing but I wouldn't spend a lot of time trying. I tried to duplex this with an M-Audio 1010 with no positive results. The problem is the ASIO drivers are compatible with one device or another, but not both.
User Guide states: -Nominal output level 0dBFS = 16dBu, balanced. That means for 'best' AD performance, recording levels should be around -12dBFS (that is +4dBu / 0VU). Here is more specific information about levels: http://www.independentrecording.net/irn/resources/metergain/index.htm
For most uses it's got 8 inputs (XLR or 1/4" combo jacks). The rest are ADAT, S/PDIF, and virtual inputs I believe, but since I don't ever use those I'm not sure how to use them yet. All inputs can be routed to separate tracks. You assign the track input number in your DAW. 2 Mic/Line/Inst Combo XLR (Inputs 1 and 2) 6 Mic/Line Combo XLR (Inputs 3-8)
I have recently started using it with apple's thunderbolt adaptor. I haven't had any issues whatsoever, it works just as well as it does with firewire.
Yes, you can connect two of them together. The device monitors all 8 inputs via the front facing screen. I assume that each device would continue to monitor its respective inputs.
no, but you have additional line inputs (on the back) where you can rout the signal after it goe through your external pre.
The new ones do brought mine this year and it did
Absolutely! This mixer comes with a program called Capture. This allows you to record all channels into your computer and live mix at the same time. This mixer also can be controlled using an iPad during live mixing. This mixer requires a computer with Firewire. You can use a thunderbolt connection as long as you have the thunderbolt to firewire adapter. I currently use a MacBook Pro but have also in the past used a windows computer. Just make sure your firewire card is TI Chipset.
Hi Justin, Sorry for the confusion. Yes, we have this mixer instock ready to ship. Thanks again for your interest in our items Don
Yes
I am pretty sure that it is. When you set up your audio Interface in ProTools this should come up as Firestudio I believe. I apologize, I haven't used pro tools in years.
No. This is an incredible digital mixer perfect for live use with all outboard gear built in. As with all professional digital boards, it is not powered. You will need power amps or powered speakers.
William, In order to control your board with your computer, you must install a 1394A card with a TI (Texas Instruments) chipset. It will run on WIN 7 and 64 bit ... however, the 1394B card may not work properly; and will not work at all if it's not a TI chipset. These cards can be purchased pretty cheap from most major computer supply stores. You can always check presonus.com for more information (such as updated programs including capture).
Yes
Sorry. You should have gotten an X32. The Presonus only does Firewire, and their Firewire does not work with what is normally built into most PCs. That is, you have to get a Firewire card with a Texas Instrument Chipset. If you have an older laptop with a PCMIA card slot, you are in luck as you can add a Firewire card. On the other hand, if you have a desktop or tower computer, you can add a quality Firewire card for about $20 if your have any slots left. http://www.amazon.com/3-Port-Firewire-Adapter-Card/dp/B000HDKVDQ/ref=pd_cp_e_2 Hope that helps!
I'm keeping mine. I would only sell to get the 32 channel Presonus
I have just about every type of cable in these slots and they all fit! This is great.
Outside holes are 13" apart. Inside holes are 6.5" apart. First outside hole to first inside hole is 3.25" apart.
Thanks for your email CJ B. We can ship this item to Australia, but you would have to place your order directly on our website (just search for dale pro audio). We can pay for your order using your Amazon Payments account. I would send you a direct link to this product on our site, but Amazon does not allow links within their messaging system. If you have any questions please contact us through our website. Thank you, Tim Brown | daleproaudio
I'm not looking at mine right this second, but I think it's like 6 or 7.
Yes, we ship to Australia and the rest of the world as well.
3.5"
Dimensions of seat: 23 3/4" wide, 13 1/8" deep. Height adj:21 1/4" to 27" . Amazon and others list the maximum height as being 25 3/4; probably as a precaution. I am 6'3" tall and will adjust to maximum height because I like to stand from time to time.Use caution at that height because of instability. Not the most comfortable seat but to find a folding stool at 27" at that price is worth it. Good luck!!!!!
Yes indeed it is and very strong Eleanor Morgan
If it did.......I did not notice it! Are we in danger, or is it fine as long as we don't melt it down?
The lowest height of the bench is about 1'8" I am 5'4" , use it on the second height and love it. Using it every day for an hour or two. Highly recommend. Enjoy the music
hardware store, design a answer
Not sure exactly, but it holds over 225 pounds.
Very easy. The switches you mention are actually more like hooks --- the end of the leg on that side of the bench ends in a horizontal bar that fits into the hooks. You adjust the height by unhooking the bar and moving it to a different set of hooks. (So, no tools, latches, knobs, etc. are required.)
Yes. It was fully functional. I gave it to my 3 yr old and she went to town
Hard to say, it is pretty loud but also pretty small. If I wanted it for that I would go bigger.
No
I'm no metal expert but it looks like it to me.
Yes. I have two of them hanging on a front door, and I hear it loud as anything when upstairs.... so one within a one floor unit should definitely be loud enough.
Probably not (unless you are a really bad shot! :) )
I don't think I would as I am not sure of the actual metal or paint composition.
I have no idea. This was a gift to my nephew. It is copper, so I suspect it will oxidize and lose its shine. Also it is not heavy, so exposure to the elements will eventually lead to corrosion.
I am not sure. I think backpackers are pretty narrow if I recall. I think Gator provides interior measurements somewhere... you'd just have to check. Good news if it doesn't fit, send it back!
It fits the OG1 very nicely
No. It is way too small for a B25-2.
This case fits Oscar Schmidt OG1B 3/4 Size Dreadnought Acoustic Guitar (High Gloss Black) perfectly
I own a Guild F20. The case that fits like a glove is the Guardian O size CG-044-O Overall length 40.5" Body length 21.5" Lower bout 13.75" Upper bout 10.5" Depth 4.5" Padding 16mm Hope this helps.
Interior dimensions: 38" H x 10-1/4" W (upper bout), 9-3/4" W (middle bout), 13-3/4" W (lower bout) x 4-3/4" D Body Length: 19.00" Overall Length: 38.00"
Yes it is padded on the inside with a furry surface.
This case is for a 3/4 size guitar, not a full size guitar. If the Fender is a 3/4, maybe, I am not familiar with that guitar. It fits my Cordoba Classical 3/4 size guitar like a glove! Match the dimensions of your guitar to the case dimensions before ordering.
No
Go to the Gator website and get the internal dimensions if the case, then carefully measure your guitar.
if I remember right came with a bag not a case
3ft to 4ft tall, the boom is about 2-3ft in length
We purchased a Mac and use Garage Band to do our recordings. You can get a refurbished Mac for just a few hundred dollars and the Garage Band software will probably already be installed on it.
Yes. It's a USB mic and once you have the audio recorded, you can edit in any audio app.
Actually bro sense it needs drivers you can't actually use it for a tv, but it is a very high quality USB mic, the sound and the clarity is amazing, definitely a great buy!
It should. From the website: "The C01U is USB compatible with any Mac or PC, as well as most DAW software programs, including GarageBand." Windows is pretty good about having backwards compatability - I won't worry too much about it.
Yes if it has a USB port
You should, it has a USB cable.
To be perfectly honest I don't know. I use a basic PC and have never owned Apple products. I wish I could help you more.
Yes it does everything worked great!!
It is a standard 110V outlet and it can be used in an enclosed area.
It s not dimmable.
Yes
Just cut a colored gel to the right size and use the ring provided to hold it in
The housing is plastic and the bracket is metal. The LED produces little heat so it is not a problem.
You can use scissors to cut the "pre-cut" gels for the PAR pin spots to get the 2" circles needed for this LED pin spot. The 4" diameter hard plastic color filters for the PAR 36 lamps would be challenging to trim to the desired size, and for this lamp hard plastic would not be an advantage compared to using the thin gel material. The pin spot comes with one gel color filter to convert the cool white light to a warm white. It also comes with 2 lenses for changing the spot size that don't change the color.
2'(24") dia @ 20 ft w/ 6 Deg lens & 4'(48") dia @ 20ft w/12 deg lens. I measured this on my wall and just changed lens. Hope that helps.
Sorry, we can not answer. We have several in commercial buildingis in our county park. Highlighting disco balls. Non have failed, and have have served us well. Hard to believe they are disposable ?
I see the possibility, but it's not set up for this. I'd try it and return it if it didn't work.
A metal l bracket with a plastic-covered wing bolt is included. I found these sufficient for all my mounting needs.
It does not come with a desktop stand, I use this "On Stage DS7100 B Desktop Microphone Stand (Black)", which is pretty good and it fits perfectly with this mic.
About 10-15ft. and yeah, you can use an extension cable but...probably causes greater latency.
I don't think so.
Yes
Yes
No it doesn't. I've used this in my home studio for a while and I am very pleased with it.
I have this Mic. It works Great.
This mic works amazingly well with Mac OS X that's what I use mine with GarageBand
the mic picks up and records any sound it hears. i record with the mic in a make shift mic booth.
In your DAW or Software program...you need to select the USB MIC'S Name as the Input device once the USB Mic is Plugged into your system, Simple!
Yes.. Must to be..
Go to ilok's website. There is information there about transferring licenses from a lost ilok to a new ilok account. I think there is a fee of fifty dollars to do so. You will probably have to give them information to prove that you are not trying to steal someone else's licenses.
I'm having the same problem. Did you get this fixed? I'd appreciate knowing how you fixed this. Thanks
No it does not unfortunately, and if it does it will be a cheap cloth covering. Still worth it with or without the case.
Fender Special Run/Release
Mexico
Most full-scale Fender basses are about 117 cm by 33 or 34 cm, or 46" by 13". Cases made for the Precision bass also usually fit the Jazz bass. These are long, kinda clumsy instruments, compared to six-string guitars -- if you invest in a good bass, buy a good hardshell case.
mine are 110 and I don't see a way to change this via switch. mine is 2 years old.
LED light is much better light rendition. Also...get this...you NEVER have to change the light bulbs because you dont have little hands nor a sterile laboratory to make new drivers . The old incandescent bulb cost $8.00 each....so by the time you buy all the bulbs you may as well just spent the extra $30.00 to buy the LEd.Because they never get hot enough to burn out...or the fillament will be thrashed from side to side just ripping it apart rendering loss of light output. As far as brightness goes....Yes 100% brighter with tighter figures being projected everywhere. And it actually moves to the music because the heat doesn't affect the driver.
It would work outdoors, just not as well as indoors, and avoid moisture such as rain, snow, etc... As to the heat issue, this is a LED light and it does not get hot. You can run it as long as you want without any heat issues. I have a light tree with this light and several other American DJ LED lights and they run for hours at a time, never any heat. Because it is LED, it will work for a long time and you don't have to worry about replacing bulbs.
No DMX if you set the sensitivity right they will stay sync'ed for time but not color.
I'm not sure. I have not looked into it. If Amazon doesn't have it Guitar Center would be a good place to check on it or ADJ direct.
yes. it's sound activated and turns off when there is no sound. if you tap it, it will probably turn on. you should adjust the sensitivity on the back also. sent from my phone which does not allow caps for some reason today.
Works fine outdoors in good weather. There is a sensitivity adjustment if you aren't getting as much movement as you want.
Steel Strings. nice guitar!
I purchased the Gearlux Hardshell Dreadnought Acoustic Guitar Case with Accessory Compartment - Black
Yeah, they're all branded Saga.
Virtually any case that is for a dreadnought style guitar will fit the BD-16.
i would say not for small hand...... its quite big guitar .. u may want to try Taylor guitars
I believe only in a daisy chain situation
H2O effect has one switch on the back, and it simply controls the turning of the color wheel. Turn it on, and the color wheel changes. Turn it off, and the color wheel stops on whichever color it is presently on. A UC3 would prove useless with the basic H2O effect, however, the H2O DMX Pro does make good use of a UC3 controller. With the H2O DMX Pro version, the UC3 controls 1. blackout 2. the glass (water effect) speed, and 3. LED on/off/blinking. The H2O DMX Pro is also MUCH brighter than the regular H2O effect.
Yes this is compatible with the American DJ X-Color LED Plus, Note, there is also a wireless UC3 controller available. http://www.amazon.com/American-Uc3-Wireless-Version-The/dp/B0032ZGA5Y/ref=sr_1_2?s=musical-instruments&ie=UTF8&qid=1410206675&sr=1-2&keywords=uc3
With the UC3 controller (or wireless version): You can BLACKOUT, Synchronous Strobe, 2x light strobe, and do Chase show (Show 1-12) Mode Sound/Strobe (LED OFF) Show (LED ON) It may be possible to do a chase show with limited colors (one of the 12 chase programs), but you will have to test to see if it meets your requirements.
I would think so, but if it doesn't you can return it and get your money back. I use it with 2 ADJ products and it works great for those.
You hook the 1/4" plug into the back of the lighting effect that supports it. It has a long cable, I think it's 50'.
I dunno man I have a small 6" splash on mine.. I'm sure it would hold a 20" though
Not a stupid question at all Rock. Yes, the Sound Percussion Labs SPC24 Jaw Cymbal Mount is mounted on a bass drum hoop in the pics. However, it will indeed attach to tom and snare drum flanged metal hoops and quite securely as well. Referencing the picture to the left, simply rotate the clamp 90 degrees counter-clockwise. The hinged part of the clamp with the spring-loaded control is positioned on the top edge of the hoop/rim. I use my SPC24 mounted to a snare drum and even add a cow bell &/or jam block on the vertical post just below the cymbal mount. Well made & does its job nicely!
Yes. I use mine for a splash. This could use one more adjustment nut to control tilt though.
Yes, it does. I use this claw for an additional splash cymbal. It opens up to fit both edges of a standard drum hoop. The hoop is exactly 1.2"
Hey there, I purchased this for my son and can confirm that it DOES come with a case. It's a hard black case with inside lining. Purchased over a year ago and it has lasted on the school bus twice a day and being in lockers-and is still going strong :) Hope this helped.
No it is not made of plastic. It is a light weight iron. Beautiful. I purchased this for Grandson when he was in 5th grade. He used it for 6th & 7th grade also. He is now in 8th grade playing football so he passed it down to his Brother who is now in 5th grade. He took very good care of it. Cleaning & polishing. It still looks brand new.
Yes in the description it notes that each one comes with a mouthpiece and case. My son's now on his 3rd year in band using this same trumpet. It's a great trumpet for the price and has performed better than I'd expected thanks-
Mine is 4 7/8 inches, probably 124 mm is more precise (made in China, after all).
On the Bb trumpet, to play C, it's all open fingers meaning you do not need to use any of the 3 keys to play C. Hope this helps!
Yes it came with a nice small hard case. Trumpet is a good instrument
need to apply some valve oil
No only a cloth.
I don't remember the exact warranty but my daughter still owns this after 3 years and it is still in perfect shape.
Check directly with Woodwind and Brass. They are an awesome company, and have been easy to work with on returns and exchanges. I have no doubt they would be able to replace the parts for you.
Every amp preset has the same tone control complement you would find on the actual amp, and when connected to a computer, you can access the parametric EQ for each preset. This EQ works separately from the amp tone controls. You access the amp's tone controls by opening the preset on the unit directly or in the computer software interface. I'd advise going to DigiTech's website and download the manual. It will tell you everything you need to know. The available control parameters are very broad!
I have not seem any mention of or evidence of such on there sadly
Yes
No
I've never tried, I really like the sounds of RP 1000
No a/b it is all done by buttons and so is the preset to stop, just press one button but unless you are shoeless (toe pressing) it must be done by hand.. Nevertheless if you use a lot of different sounds the RP1000 is the way to go.. I had the 355 for a week to try and there is no comparison..the 1000 is perfect for multisounds and live applications. It is more of a pre amp processor..
I stuck a hole in the smallest tom mute and put that on my bottom hi hat and then used the smallest cymbal mute on the top hi hat
yes it is very easy to fit to size.
I don't know anything about the drums. I bought these to silence my husband's playing.. all I can say is it does help..
Seems to be holding up very well. Fits perfect on drumhead
i would say they mute about 80% of the sound, except the bass drum, that is more like 60% the cymbal mutes should work on any size; the small one goes right to the edge of a 14" cymbal and the big one goes to about half an inch away from the edge of a 20" cymbal the bass drum mute doesn't have a strap or and kind of adhesive on it when you buy it. the cushion-type foam makes it difficult to attach; i tried some poster hangers i had laying around and double sided tape, but they didn't work the best way to attach it would probably be to pull the head off and tape the mute to the head
Are planning on eating it? /s
It can go as short as 33 inches. At this length, the strap would be pulled taut from anchor to anchor on the guitar. This is a very comfortable (and attractive) strap. I am glad I chose it.
Yes
It's adjustable so you should be able to
Yes it does. Comes with a tie on one end, as well (for acoustics with no neck button), but that can be removed. Will work just as you describe, with two buttons. These, by the way, are excellent straps. Very heavy duty, yet supple. They come in several really nice designs. I own several.
It's 2" wide. These are excellent straps. Beautiful, strong, and heavy (but not too stiff). I've bought one in each of several unique and colorful patterns.
If you mean an electric bass, yes they can. Electric basses and electric guitars have the same type of end pins.
Im not sure i understand your question. You need two cables for any single pedal. One from the pedal to the guitar, and one from the pedal to the amp. These short jumper cables can be used inbetween pedals when your running more than one pedal.
Hello Willie. The actual wire is 6 inches in length. The right angle plugs each measure 2&1/4 inches in length. Dave
Yes you can! I use 2 pedals, one with its own battery and the second one is connected with the power supply. Im sure you can do the same with multiple pedals.
Yes, very little...I use a ISP decimeter to avoid any noise ...
No, they are very short! They are for plugging pedals into other pedals. You would still need a regular length guitar cable that plugs in from amp to pedal, and then you would use the three short cables to link several pedal together, and then a final regular length guitar cable to plug in to your instrument. I hope that helps!
I bought these to connect my pedals. Length is perfect for a pedal board, just a couple of inches long, not a lot of spare cable between pedals. The down side is I had 1 out of the 4 ordered arrive with a short, had to throw it out. Get what you pay for I guess.
I've only used this for a real video camera. I don't think it works with Skype unless you were using a Sony video camera for your conversation, which would seem to be a big mess to me. Better keep this with the camera itself. Sounds great in that regard.
I'm not entirely sure that can be done. There is no sync button on either device to my knowledge. So out of the box they are pre-synced. You can record one person on the mic and one with your camera mic at the same time but with limited range. The bluetooth mic is fairly sensitive so if the two people you are trying to record are next to each other it would pick up a conversation fine say standing 6ft or so from one another. But that is just a guess as to the sensativety range. I used it for a Christmas program of my daughters and could hear her and the kids around her as well as the teachers instructions clearly. As to your specific question you may need to call a Sony tech to get an exact answer. Hope this helped.
As long as your device has the Sony Active Interface Shoe on which the receiver for the wireless mic will mount it will work. I went to the Sony website and found the specs for the HDR CX-7 which says it has the Active Interface Shoe. But you should check your CX-7 to be sure. The cover for the shoe on the CX-7 should be marked with the Active Interface logo: a stylized, capital A with a single dot over it. The wireless mic is no longer made by Sony and since Sony uses a proprietary interface, only the Sony device will work. To my knowledge, there are no third parties that make devices that use the Active Interface design. Hope this helps.
I am not savy enough to know about the camera...I think the spec sheet is available on line at Sony. My room is about 14x14. I hang the mic from the ceiling metal grate that holds the ceiling tiles in place. It is in the middle of the room, and does very well. We work with a plastic table directly under the mic at times, and I put a table cloth over the table to cut out the reverb. But, I am extremely happy with the performance...
The sound is terrific. I use it on a football field coaching and it does exceptionally well even if it's windy. I don't know how it uniquely identifies each of the mics.
Hi David K., The Sony Wireless Bluetooth Microphone is compatible on the camcorder. Vincent
If the a6000 is a Sony product with a "Hot Shoe".
This unit was delivered. Nice one, the difference between this one and the two narrow ones is that this one has a camera mount for a video camera. It does not work on DSLR's. you will need to get the ones that have the 1/8th inch for DSLR. The sound presence is not like a lapel. Lapel is very distinctive and picks up directional, this one picks up room noise a lot. Depending on your application and equipment will determine which of these you will need.
This mic is a Sony specific product. The hot shoe that Sony uses is not a cross product fit for other camcorders with or without a hot shoe. Sony makes a plug and play Blue Tooth mic that is "GREAT".
It connects directly into the camera through the shoe. No need for anything else...
No
No the one with the bag is a different m/n
No its very portable as it folds but very cheap product. Holds only pieces of paper not binders.
Hi from, Mike. It uses a standard 10 1/2" Spider Cone - I did have to trim it a bit around the edge - Hope that helps - Mike.
Hi from, Mike. The one that I bought was a round neck ?? Just like a standard guitar - Great guitar for the price - But did need to be set up to play right -
A resonator could be more comparable to a dobro. Do a YouTube or Google dobro music and you should be able to hear the difference fairly easy from a standard acoustic to a dobro/resonator. Thus was a gift for my Father In Law. He plays Bluegrass style music mostly.
I would first try adjusting the neck tension rod with the head under the plastic plate just about the nut of the fret board. I would be very reluctant to try to deepen the cuts in the nut, you'll probably end up with fret buzz. A machine shop should be able to straighten the bend of the bridge that the strings rest on. You might also research a replacement bridge system that is either adjustable or just simply lower. I was fortunate that mine cam to me pretty close to perfect. Mine has a great action. Good luck, DOC.
Hi Jeff, we actually sell this resonator with a hardshell case as a combo. The ASIN is B00F8LNYSQ, if you search for this ASIN in the Amazon search bar the item will come up for you. The price of the guitar with the case is 189.99+ shipping.
Zenison
I am very sorry however we do not ship internationally.
China.
a lot of people tune their resonator to an open G
Yes
No. Doesn't provide for return audio.
No, that's the opposite way this works.
There is a Monitor dial that you can use to turn up the volume for your earbuds. I use 64 ohm over-the-ear headphones and it pushes enough power for those.
Yes, absolutely. It has the gain for condensers already built in. Nothing else is needed, not even a driver or software.
It has a standard XLR connection on one end and a USB connector on the other. It won't receive a signal from a wireless microphone (has to be a direct wire connection). If the wireless hand mic has a transmitter with an XLR output, this will work but you'll still need to buy the cables.
It should, the Gotham cables are XLR, and that is the connection. I use XLR from my Shure SCM 267 mixer to this device, and it works perfectly fine.
If it's an XLR mic, then yes. I believe that is, but I'm not sure off the top of my head
This unit does not interfere with a mixer's ability to control the gain. If your mixer can take input via USB port, it should be able to control the gain. This unit is perfect for crystal clear sound to USB.
Yes, I have used this very setup on a Skype call. Just make sure Skype is configured to use the Shure mic and headphones for output.
Yes, but there will be an impedance mismatch. You should put a passive "DI" box inline before the X2U to lower the resistance of the instrument if it is a guitar ect.
No, only comes with the AC power cord. You'll need some TRS cables to run your microkorg in, but that's it. Livewire makes some good inexpensive cables. These JBLs kick ass for the price, highly recommended!
You have to buy another one, they aren't sold in pairs. Great speakers though.
You can control by any means you like...the speakers are not the source. If you have a volume control on your source, just use that. CD player, computer sound card, DAC...up to you. I use an external sound card with a volume knob, i leave the PC software volumes on 100% and how high you put the volume on the speakers is up to you, you just regulate it with whatever comes before the speakers.
No
If your computer is using an RCA out and the electric violin using an instrument cable ( 1/4in cable) then you should be able to.
It's only one speaker, and no, you can't plug headphones into them. More importantly, why would you want to? These require an audio interface to be useful, and most, if not all, audio interfaces have headphone outs.
Yes
Most studio monitors.are.sold.individually, these are.sold.indivdually.
110 Volts and switch for 220 volts
I fit 16 pedals of varying sizes, including a Dunlap Wah and an Ernie Ball volume pedal. Voodoo Labs pedal Power 2, Daisy chained. Be forewarned though- fully decked out and in the case, this weighs as much as a big amp! Worth it though!
About 40 pounds, it has wheels so its not too bad. just lifting it up its a little heavy. but I give it four stars because its built really well.
On the ends and where the lid closes for a total of three. High quality all around.
Not sure -it's in my road rig right now & I won't see it for a while. I can tell you I have a TC Electronic g-system & 2 boss fv500 expression pedals mounted to it & the tip up rail on 1 side had to be removed so it would fit in the box. Hope that helps.
Can't give a dimension but I can tell you my TC Electronic G-System fits. I took the small riser off for a little clearance & it fits perfect plus I had enough width for 2 Boss expression pedals. Hope that helps.
it is not removable, I believe the length of the interior is about 32.5".
It does not remove completely. The board lifts out of the case. I'd recommend fitting it with a couple cabinet handles to make it easier to lift out. I've been happy with mine.
It is angled. Not a very steep angle. I think the back sits maybe 3 or 4 inches higher than the front.
Yes
There are two different skews. Check the skew to be certain. I have purchased both skews, the first with one light and the second with two in the deal. The single light was more powerful than the two light deal.
Is a very compact light: 4" width and 4.5" lenght ( including the arm ) :)
It has a button to control the strobe...all the way from really slow to robotic movement(fast). It was ok, but for a large room, it doesn't cover much area, hope this helps
No. Would not recommend for outside use.
Absolutely not. It will not stay working if it gets wet.
Can you use it outside, yes. Is it an outdoor light, no. It's not waterproof at all. The power cord is only like 5ft, and you wouldn't be able to see them unless it's dark with almost no other lights around it. if you keep rain off of it you might be able to use it for less than a day outside, but if you left it outside to get rinsed on it would break
I don't think it will produce a strobe effect outside unless its very dark.
By all means yes... I use them in my DJ System. In fact, I run two pair! Recently I set them up with other speakers for a small band and were absolutely astonished by their performance. The tight cabinet, really pump out the low sounds.
You can buy two of them. I've only seen them sold individually. Good speakers.
No. Powered from your receiver.
I would say so. The PR15 has a good sound, is light weight, and has a built in handle in the back for convenience. Best, Andy's Music
Sounded fine to me, but then I'm not that critical. It was used for piano and voice.
You need to use speaker cables....NOT guitar or instrument cables. Use speaker cables only, you'll have a better sound.
15 inch speaker with horn .
Plenty. Very powerful speakers. More than enough for home use.
Depends on what you are using them for- as a PA for speech only, they would handle it without difficulty. For a church setup, they are probably also adequate- you might push them hard occasionally- make sure you have adequate, CLEAN power. If you are looking to use these as a DJ/ club scene, you will want a sub. Peavey makes one that goes with these (PV118, I believe).
It is carpet type of fabric .
It would have to be a heavy duty stand. The speaker weighs 50 pounds. Here is more info about it: http://peavey.com/products/index.cfm/item/683/114376/PV%26nbsp%3B115
They are heavy so I am guessing MDF. They sound incredible and seem to be well built
They do not have amps in them they are passive, you need an amp. but they will handle 400 watts.
No, but the price for two is a bargain. Make sure you buy where you get FREE shipping.
I can guess that the magnet is about 50 0z because I have pushed them with about a thousand watts, but not to hard. The real peavey is the SP 5 scorpion and they shake with just about any power.
Hello, Yes it does, Thanks from 8thstreet Music
Yeah perfect I use them to Dj at parties
No they're not powered by 110v electric. They are just hooked into the power amp. They use a 1/4 in jack plug.
We used 3 Pair for a large 3 unit indoor Tennis facility. For DJ use get the 12 or 15" better bass
$160 for each speaker. I am happy with these purchased a pair of them last year for about $320
Hi there. Per Yamaha, "400 Watts program, 800 Watts peak." Best, Andy's Music
Yes it does and it also has a lock so it cannot be removed if you need it. It installed in minutes...easy!!!
Mine did the same thing could not get it to work and they would not refund my money
I have never used one for a podium microphone like this but Alesis makes one that should work. However, remember this microphone requires phantom power so you would have to plug the microphone into a phantom power supply then plug the Alesis wireless adapter into the output of the phantom power supply. Nady makes an inexpensive but good phantom power supply. There are a few wireless systems that will provide phantom power but they are expensive and I am sure the battery life is compromised.
This mic is designed to be mounted on a lectern and not used on a mic stand. I personally would not modify it for use on a mic stand.
2-year limited warranty. can be found at www.peavey.com - manufacturer's phone # 601-483-5365
No but it needs phantom power from your mixer board. Without it won't work.
Yes, it does require separate power source
Michael, I am 99% certain that it was a cardioid pattern. This mic has been trouble free and the quality is amazing. The lectern where it is mounted is not far from the main speaker and we have had zero feedback problems. You will not be disappointed if you order this mic.
XLR 3 connection.
Yes it does.
That is a good question. Any new strings will brighten it up then question is for how long. These will be brighter than the silk and steels which give a warmer sound.
These strings are lite so they are easy on the fingers. The tone is warm and pleasing.
They are .010 High E and .047 Low E
I've being using extra lights for over 30 years. I think it makes the sound crisper and clearer but it's an individual choice and everyone's ear is different. All I can say is try it the worst case scenario is your out a few buck the best is that you found the sound you're looking for. Hope that helps! Please let me know MB at mjcv29a@aol.com
I haven't removed the resonator but my books indicate that removing a resonator is a common and easily done process for tonal variation.
The Deering is an excellent quality banjo made in America, but I think the Oscar Schmidt OB5 is a much better value. The OB5 will do everything the Deering will do for about one-third the price (a Chinese-made banjo). If its quality you're after, the Deering is a better choice, but you can learn just as well on the OB5. Deering also sends emails from time to time with ideas on improving your play. You won't get that from the Chinese banjo.
The banjo does not come with a case.
The Deering Goodtime 2 Banjo weighs approximately 6 lbs.
I ultimately bought this very banjo from a local shop rather than through Amazon. My guess would be that it's not perfectly in tune out of the box. Banjos being wood instruments fluctuate with temperature and frequently go out of tune even in the course of playing them. Watch a professional banjo player and watch them tune their instrument in the middle of a show when no one else has to. Otherwise there is nothing to put together.
If you go to our web site, Change your flag on the top right hand corner, then go through the check out process. It will let you know what your duties and taxes with shipping on it. It will be able to let you know everything you need to. This item is on back order until 5/12/2014.
No, it does not.
Yes, it comes with a card you mail back to register. It provides a 6 year warranty on defective materials or workmanship.
Yes, with very little tuning required
Yes we ship to APOs. I'll need to check the package size restrictions though. Regarding the case, they are not included but we can sell one for around $70.
Yes, it is and sounds great.
Yes, it sounds fine to me. It costs a little more than the real low end ones like rogue etc but is well worth the difference. They are very popular and should be easy to sell or trade if you decide to move up later.
Yes, you can attach an armrest to the Goodtime banjo. Deering sells one specifically for this model, and there are others available that will fit. Search for "goodtime banjo armrest". I put a "Banjomate" armrest on my Goodtime.
Yes. It comes with a godin bag with great pockets and a good amount of padding.
The guitar is 2 inches deep. Because of its' depth, I love the guitar for most of my acoustic/electric playing. Although, it isn't good for playing unplugged. Hope this helps.
44 x 16 x 5 1/2. Thanks Vanessa.
I measure the A6 between 6 and 6.5 lbs. The A6 & bag come in a little over 10 lbs.
yeah but I don't think it's a true acoustic sound. I'm using a Roland Cube 40ex. I expect to be able to try it on a Fishman soon.
Playability is great. A6 comes with electric strings installed and action is low so it plays like an electric. I replaced the stings with Elixir nanoweb acoustic 11s, which gives more an acoustic sound and feel but still plays well. I think it has a good jazzy sound, especially if you use the the humbucker and add in a little of the piezo to give it a little top end. The A6 is my go-to guitar when I play rhythm in our church band. I also have the A12 12 string version. I used to be the guitar tech at a local music store and I have set up every guitar I own to my own liking, with the exception of these 2 Godins. (I also have a Godin xtsa which had a horrible set up from the factory) I own about 20 guitars... Fenders, Ibanez, Ovations, Epiphones, Yamahas, a Takamine Pro model and others, but the A6 and the Takamine are the two I play most often. I would suggest you try one before you buy just to be sure you like it.
Yes, and it's a high quality one.... good padding, good hardware and plenty of storage pockets
Mine has played beautifully, right out of the box for two years. No seasonal adjustments or anything. At this point, I'd be afraid to touch the truss rod, lest I break the magic spell.
Mine didn't. I think the action is plenty low.
This one has a very nice semi-gloss finish.
Comes with a gig bag (not a hardshell case) - does not include 13 pin connector cable.
Via UPS, it is 3-5 business days.. You can pay for expedited shipping to get it quicker..
Yes, high quality gigbag is included. A hex wrench to adjust the truss rod is also included.
Hello Roy: This case was made to fit exactly the La Patrie Motif classical guitar. I just remeasure my guitar and is 37.3/4" long and 4.7/8" at its widest point in the lower bout. The depth of the body is 4". When I measure the length from the top of the guitar to the point where the fretboard meets the body (box) - 12th fret - it is exactly 19.3/4" The upper part of the case where the head and fretboard rests is 4.3/4 wide. If your guitar can accomodate within this measurments then it should be OK but remeber that this is a $99. case and if the guitar is smaller overall maybe you can fing a case of a 7/8 size that could fit it and save you some cash. Good Luck The fit is quite tight so there is only room to slide a single piece of thin paper.
I have a Seagull Entourage Rustic Grand and it fits perfectly! Look at the Seagull web site for the dimensions for my guitar and compare them to what your Martin measurements.
No, absolutely no. This case was made exclusively for Parlor size Guitars as Lapatrie Motif. I would recommend Gator Cases Deluxe ABS Classical Guitar Case (Plastic), but first check dimensions at Gator Cases web site.
As included in my previous answer - body length is 20"
Look up the specs on a Seagull parlor. It fits mine perfectly.
The dimensions are 42 x 14.8 x 5.5 inches (they're listed under product details on the Amazon page). That's 42" long, 14.8" wide, and 5.5" deep. I have the La Patrie Motif guitar that it's made for, and its dimensions are 39" x 14.8" x 4.2"
The dimensions are 42 x 14.8 x 5.5 inches (they're listed under product details on the Amazon page). That's 42" long, 14.8" wide, and 5.5" deep. I have the La Patrie Motif guitar that it's made for, and its dimensions are 39" x 14.8" x 4.2"
It can be done, but not directly. The H4N will allow you to record four channels at once, which are saved as two stereo files. If you have audio software, you can then divide those stereo files into individual mono files. It's a little cumbersome, but it can be done.
If you use it as an interview microphone, close to the sound source, it should be ok. If you expect to leave it in the middle of the church and be able to hear the priest words, it is not going to work. For that I would suggest use a lavalier mic on the speaker (easier if wireless) and record on the zoom H4N through it's XLR inputs. Good luck
BIG difference, new model doesn't bring * AC Adapter * 2 GB SD Card * Windscreen * Mic Clip Adapter * USB Cable the new model just brings,Protective Case Download for Steinberg Wavelab LE Software Download for Steinberg Cubase LE Software Regards, Juan Antunez Videoscope Inc.
I have used this to record a baby grand and an upright. The built-in mics are great at about a 5' distance. Additionally, you can plug in some other nice condenser mics and record with those as well for a total of FOUR tracks of piano! It's one of the best small, portable recorders, I've owned and I've been a recording engineer and sound for film engineer for 30 years. It's very sturdy and incredibly well-built. SOUND IS MAGNIFICENT.
I've only gotten to that point once and the file was saved. And, especially for an extended "field recording", I can confirm using 32GB HCSD cards successfully. Hope this not only answers your question but provides further encouragement for your pursuits!
Yes, that should be do-able.
The microphone in this device is very sensitive. In fact it's too sensitive that you hear all background noise very clearly so it's almost impossible to use outside. Inside I still find a slight hiss and still hear background sounds even in the quietest of rooms. So.. For multiple person interviews the best bet is to use multiple lapel pins connected to one of its interface. In a pinch u can try to use it indoors but be prepared to do some cleanup of noise after u record
China. Engineered in Japan. Manufactured in China.
Hello, I use it for my radio program, and I do believe it would be rather costly for just conversaitons. This is a great recorder very clear.
Mine did, the wind screen fits over both microphones, and there is a hard plastic case that protects the device nicely. I am pleased with mine.
Not quite sure what phantom power means but it only requires a USB plugin. I've used mine every day for Skype and quite often for voice acting. Perfect for the cost.
No! It is a mono microphone. Who said yes? Dont answer a question if you dont know. My god.
http://www.behringer.com/assets/c-1u_p0588_m_en.pdf
This mic is a usb powered mic. Abd dont even bother getting it, its not very great for recording
yes, it is 100% compatible in UBUNTU
5 feet give or take a bit.
Yes, it does.
I use it with Windows Vista, so cannot be sure. On the other hand, the mic has a very simple USB interface and presumably Win 8 has drivers at least as good as Vista's. As I said in my updated review, when I contacted Behringer they suggested using Asio4all which is an independent universal audio driver for Windows systems. Asio4all is free software which (as I understand it) basically improves the way most computer sound cards work. Hope this helps. Regards
Yes it does.
I wanted to know the same thing: does this MIC comes with cable?
First of all yes it comes with tuning levers, but your question is incomplete and could cost you a lot of time and money if you aren't asking this: "Do the tuning levers work well and stay in tune?" Ahhh, your million dollar question .....and NO these levers just don't change the pitch exact enough, making this harp a very expensive door stop if you are a beginner and tuning takes you a lot of time.! If you want to learn more about Celtic Harps, join the Music Lovers group on Google and ask, ask,ask questions .....then go try models you have put at the too of your list. You might even think about renting a few before buying. Good luck!
the harp is made in Pakistan for Roosbeck Instruments (Roosebeck.com)
It is a lever harp, and it has 22 strings. It is about three ft tall. Hope this helped. It's a really gorgeous harp BTW, just to let you know. Hope this helped!
yes, it does.
Yes just use the 1/4 inch mic output or the two pro mic outputs
Each microphone is frequency channel preset to the base system. No way to change the frequency or channels.
that's really good question. Sometimes extended warranties are more problematic than they should be. A lot of times with extended warranties you'll end up paying more in the long run than just replacing the microphones. extended warranties a lot of times will not cover anything outside manufacturer issues and you end up spending extra amount of dollars to find out that you are not covered for the problem you're having. 20/20, Dateline, national news have done extended amount of studies and for this particular Mics set I would not get an extended warranty, but if these were Shure Microphones, yes I would definitely get an extended warranty. The last set of audio 2000 owned lasted for about 3 years before they finally gave up the ghost. I purchased this set within the last 6 months and I've been very happy with it
They should work fine, just be sure to check that both mics work as soon as you receive them. I felt the sound quality of the mixes really exceeded the cost and my expectations
You have to buy speakers. Microphones receive sound and then transmit that sound through speakers.
I really don't have a solution. I noticed that the charging circuit is very weak. On one of the microphones took 24+ hours before it indicated a full charge.
A couple inches is fine. You may want to order the foam wind covers to help with "popping p's". Also, be concious of where you are in relation to the speakers, as the mic may cut out.
No the entire unit comes together
I'm not sure exactly WHat your question is but it plugs into a regular outlet and requires 2 rechargeable batteries per Mike. Very easy to use and set up. Have been very pleased. We use for our pastor at church. For speaking purposes only. These DO NOT make for good singing Mikes.
Yes
I believe it is in reference to the fret board width or nut width. Typically 1 3/4 inches or wider as compared to 1 11/16 width. Also the string spacing might be a bit wider as it descends down the neck to the bridge. Important to a few and easily adaptable to most.
The Indonesian factory does make the EF-500RCCE. You can see them on eBay where photos show the "Made in Indonesia" sticker on the back of the headstock. Not sure if these are still being made in China, though. I see recent "factory refurbished" units on eBay that have "Made in China" stickers.
This was not offered with an original case but the PR-5 Epiphone case fits.
This guitar has a Shadow eSonic2 preamp, featuring the revolutionary Shadow NanoFex and NanoMag pick-up systems with stereo output and built-in electronic tuner.
No, it's not PLEKed Joseph. Thank you.
Sorry but no, but just to let you know I got my ME 70 about 3 mounts ago and I love it. For the price there great, it was like having a nee guitar all over again. The power adapter is not that much, I thinkyou well like the ME70.
Yes
Hello, the answers to your questions (in same order) are "yes" and "no", you don't need a extra buffered pedal because all boss units (stompboxes or multi-fx) has buffered bypass. On this post ( http://www.bossus.com/boss_users_group/article.php?ArticleId=1633 ) they say "All Boss pedals are buffered" and this apply not only to stompboxes. And remember this, buffered bypass on the ME-70 is active when you don't set on any of fx or pre-amp module, or when you press the pedals N 2 & 3 (tunner/bypass). I have one ME-70 and I am talking on my personal experience with this exceptional and flexible unit. hope that information will be usefull for you. God Bless You
Hello Enrique, Thanks for your interest! Regrettably, it is EZCORP'S policy to not ship outside of the Continuous US. This is because of the loss incurred when packages go through customs, high shipping fees, and damage done to the packages themselves. They found that this happened too frequently and they were losing too much money. This is why they decided to only ship locally. We apologize again for this inconvenience.
Zuleyka As for the ME70 its a great pedal,I love my boss it made my guitars sound great. One thing I use is a Good well padded laptop bag to put my gear in. World tour makes Good gear bags for the price, and they have one made just for the ME70. Hope this helps you out, all the best to you. Freddy
ME50 does not have loop station. There are fewer amp options. I think there is one less pedal (the compressor is a single knob maybe?) They improved the sounds for the 70 IMO
That's what it does best, as far as the gain channel goes. The range that it covers without much tweaking is between the Clapton style overdrive and say, Judas Priest style 80's metal. More subtle than that and you'll need a boost in front of the clean channel (which it actually handles well). If you want something more brutal, stick a pedal in front. Just remember that it's a 1x12 combo and not a thiele cab.
Boost dial is next to reverb dial. just got my bandit 12 recently and it's a great amp; quiet w ability to get lots of differing sounds. As good or better than a comparable fender and a whole lot lighter
Hi there, I believe everything in the United States will be 110. Best, Andy's Music
Once your tone has been achieved or set with the pre -gain control, your overall volume of the channel is set with the post gain control. Hope that helps. It's an awesome amp!
We have been selling the Bandit112 model since April of 2002. Best, Andy's Music
no, you need to buy it, i don't have one becouse i use a GT-10 and ds-1 y ps-1 for my dist, the 3 types of dist from that monster are amazing but need a lot of volume for sound really great, on stage always request to me please turn the volume down
No not china
See link to manual - everything you need to know about this little guy is in this PDF! http://simmonsdrums.net/wp-content/uploads/2014/05/Manuals/DA50_Manual.pdf
You'll have to buy one.
110v
I believe you could. You have another input on the amp but I don't know how good quality sound for a keyboard you could get. I think it would be decent but not sure.
Yes
the bass will not distort, but i have noticed when playing at high volumes the woffer tends to rattle a little bit. it is only noticable from a couple feet away though. the amp keeps clean bass at higher volumes.
Tera, I am not real familiar with the dm7x but if it has a quarter inch input jack you should be able to use a guitar chord to hook it up. The DA50 has a quarter inch input jack and that is the way I have it hooked up to mine rmp-5. I hoped this helped.
Yes, it works great like that actually.
Yes. It has an aux input on the front specifically for that.
No audio output. This plugs into an electronic drum kit, like a Yamaha DD65, Or similar. Then that plugs into a PA.
It's ready to go. It takes a 1/4" jack. My last one did not last too well. The constant double pedal action caused it to come apart inside; however, I thought it was still the best option for the price, and bought another one. So far - no problems with this one.
You need a lil carpet or I used a piece of yoga matting. You can also adjust the level and velocity so you don't have to kick hard to achieve desired sound.
Yes, it does, it actually works pretty much with any kit, it's very standard.
And pedal will work with this tower. I use a double pedal with mine. Works fine.
Yes
It did NOT work with my DM6.
Yes
Yes. I originally had this kick pad hooked to a Yamaha, but I upgraded to a Roland TD11K, and kept this Yamaha kick over the brand new Roland KD9 mesh kick head. That's how great this kick pad it. It was WAY louder, and I don't know about you, but when I slam the bass drum, I want it to be loud bass. This kick has a volume control on the back of it also. Hope that helps you. But, you should have no problems, this kick is universal and works with all kinds of brands.
You can daisy chain a second kick pad if you wanted to use two single kick pedals. Now for an accessory cymbal, that you can't unless you want the bass drum to go off when you hit your crash. Hope this helps.
Yes, it does. It's at the bottom of the neck, inside the sound hole.
yes, it can be played unplugged, as you would a standard acoustic, or through an amp.
It is made in China...don't let that dissuade you. They are GORGEOUS and they sound good for a laminate top. Tone is increasing the more I play it, but bass will not be like a solid top. Couple of good reviews on youtube.
I'm not sure but I would suggest a thinner neck to fit a smaller (girls) hand.
yes
Yes it is. I play it at church but I would recommend at least a 40 watt amp. Anything else would be difficult to hear the difference between the guitar and the amp
I'm not positive but I believe I saw China written on it since I remember being disappointed. I thought it was made in America!
Its is an acoustic guitar that can be amplified . It will sound like an acoustic guitar .
I'm sorry but I don't know. Have you tried to call Fender for this particular model?
Not this model, but they do make an acoustic/electric version of this guitar
No, this is strictly an acoustic guitar.
Yes, it comes with the bag you see in the photos. If I had to guess, the guitar is probably 3 or 4 lbs. It is very small and very light.
I haven't played both guitars, therefore I cannot offer an educated / comparative reply. I purchased the LX1 for my 4 year old grandson because I'm hoping that he shows some interest in learning how to play as he get's a bit older. From experience, I know that trying to learn on a cheap, horrible sounding instrument isn't much fun. I've owned Martin guitars for decades and believe in their quality - but quite frankly, my reasoning behind this purchase was based mostly on personal preference. Taylor crafts beautiful, high quality instruments and I have no doubt that their Baby Taylor exemplifies this.
Martin Thinline 332 pickup would be perfect
Steel
I am sorry. It was bought has a gift. I am unable to provide you with the dimensions.
The guitar is approximately 34"x 12". The bag is approximately 37" x 16". At their max points. It's a good size guitar for a tween/teen.
Its about 1/2 the size of a regular guitar and you use any normal acoustic strings. If you are learning the guitar I wouldnt buy this model. Buy a full size used cheaper brand...Washburn.Seagull..Ovation..Gibson..Fender! I bought this Martin investment not to play.
Yes but not the hard case, though.
Yes i use it for my youtube videos! This is a very good microphone and I highly recommend it!
I did a lot of reading and research before purchasing the Samson Go Mic and was not disappointed at all. I have recorded two complete songs so far using this mic and the quality is the best. Very clear and sensitive and I would give it a 10. For the price you can't beat it but even if you spent more I don't believe you will get anywhere close to as good as this little gem. Personally I have spent many a day in a true recording studio and have recorded many songs. I truly believe you will be amazed as to how well this mic works, I am.
Yes, this will work fine for voiceover. A very good mic for such its size, able to record with clarity, and have a build in noise cancellation (it work pretty well, though not in the extreme setting with lots of surround noises).
I suppose you could if you could find/make one small enough. this is a VERY small mic. The mic portion is around the size of the old tall iPod nanos. I would expect you'd need one though because this mic is unlikely to be anywhere near your mouth, so pops are unlikely. It's made to sit on a table or clip to a laptop.
As others have stated, this is a standard USB 2.0 A to B cable. You can find one on Amazon at http://www.amazon.com/AmazonBasics-A-Male-Mini-B-Cable-Meters/dp/B001TH7GUK/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1360791113&sr=8-1&keywords=usb+male+to+mini+usb+male+cable
I read that someone had that trouble. Search with this: "Samson GO MIC USB Condenser static or interference HELP!"
Yes, it is reported to work if you have Android 3.1 or later, and buy the USB Audio Recorder PRO app: http://www.extreamsd.com/USBAudioRecorderPRO/
I received mine without the software. I dropped Samson an email to let them know, and they shipped me a copy that I received in today's mail. It took about a week for me to get it. Drop them an email on their website under the contact us section.
draggin'
I don't have that mic stand, but from the photo, it appears that there is a threaded end on the mic stand. The mic itself has a hole in its case that is intended for this type of attachment, and the mic comes with an attaching nut to screw onto such threads. I don't know that the threads will match, but since they are both audio devices, I would not be surprised if they did work together. Again, no actual hands on, so my input is just my best guess.
I use it with the recording software works fine
I've been using this set with Win7 for about two years now. This is really a great set for the money, Gail -- and no, I'm not a paid shill. :)
I don't see why it wouldn't work with Windows 8. Most USB microphones act like they are external sound cards, or like headsets, where both the sound in and the sound out goes through them. They usually have their own headphone jack, and this mic is no different. All you have to do to fix this is go into the control panel while the microphone is installed, under sound and the playback tab, you change the default sound to the computer speakers. This only has to be done once and the computer remembers when you plug the mic in.
Yes work
If you are wanting to pick up multiple people at the same time, then unfortunately no. The pick up pattern on this mic requires more precise positioning, close to the mic.
Yes.
No
When I bought it several years ago, there was no bundled software. Drivers for the mic are resident on the hardware. Plug it in and it works!
There is some basic software included and a path to download Audacity which is free.
No, I am affraid we only sell it as a complete bundle
.....I'm not sure if your serious or not.....let's look at the dimensions, ball shape...into a cylindrical shape.....yea...no, it wont fit
As long as the microphone's diameter is within the range of 38-53mm, theoretically it should be fine. However, the microphone I bought this for was a Blue baby Bottle (which has a diameter of 45mm) and it's a very loose fit. I wouldn't get this shockmount for anything smaller than that. The pop filter isn't great at all, unless you're willing to cover the metal screen with a pair of panty hose. Too much air simply comes through. For the price, this shockmount is alright, but there are better products out there for a few more bucks. Good luck finding something for your mic, Carolyn.
steel.
As the MXL 550 is a standard size mic, this should work just fine.
Yes, it should most definitely work with an AKG Perception 220, in may interfere with the button on the trunk of the mic, but that depends on positioning
Yes, it should. I'm not 100% certain but I have the mount in front of me and by estimating the size of the microphone considering the size of the diaphragm in the microphone I can say that I'm almost certain that it will fit. I haven't been able to find the exact diameter of the microphone shell though, so I can't give you an absolute answer.
No it won't! It looks good and seems to be well made but wouldn't hold large mics at all. I regret buying it.
The fit's a little tight, but yes. I currently use this shock mount with my AT2020 USB and it works great.
Measure the diameter of the body. If it is 2 inches, it will work.
I wouldn't recommend it. It would be a really tight fit if it did work.
Open Maschine, go up to 'File', 'Audio and MIDI Settings...' under device choose 'built-in' if you want it to come thru you computers internal speakers of headphone out. If you have an interface plugged in that should also show up under devices.
For $399! It will definitely be brand spanking new! But check around Amazon venders. I've seen it for less than $399. It does come with its own recording software and can be integrated with other third party software! Great product!
Just echoing the replies already given (moral support I guess). XP has not been officially supported since version 1.7 of the Maschine software (currently 1.8.2), but many people seem to be running on it just fine. There are some threads about this on the NI forums as well, for instance: http://www.native-instruments.com/forum/showthread.php?t=176281 There is no fee for using or updating the software. All NI products use an application called the Service Center, which is a very slick, fast, unobtrusive license and update manager which handles that for you. Moving between PCs is or adding a secondary install is trivial (just run it on the other system), should you decide to upgrade.
The one I'm selling doesn't include software. It does come with the cord the stand and the dustcover though.
Yes it does, the only cords it needs to run is it's USB.
Mainly colored LED and browsing wheel. Plastic encoders, Brighter display, and rubber feet.
No
Yes
Yes
I haven't seen a Maschine Mk1 at that price so I would check the details. If you're buying a Maschine new, then yes up to 1.8 should be free but you'll definitely have to pay for the upcoming 2.0 software. If you're buying a used Maschine then you need to verify that previous owner canceled their license from Native Instruments so that you can register the software and license.
It should work fine as the case is for a standard size concert Uke, and your Lanikai is standard size concert uke. These cases are pretty well constructed.
No. You need the UC4 Tenor ukulele case. This one (the UC3) is for the concert size uke.
I don't think these guys have a very good hold on marketing. Now the description states that this case is actually a ukulele. TOO funny
I don't know specifically, but I don't think there is anything unusual in the size or shape of the Oscar Schmidt concert uke that I bought, and it fits perfectly in the case.
My Ukulele is a Kala Concert KA-SC. It fits this case like it was made for it. It was important to me that the Uke did not bounce around because I travel, and it doesn't, but at the same time there is room. I don't have to force the Ukulele into it. I could not be happier with it. It is sturdy enough to protect and formed to fit the concert Ukulele. Hope this helps.
No
99 % sure. I have the Oscar Schmidt OU2 Concert Ukulele.
The inside is 26" long by 8.5" wide. If yor uke measures this or less go for it, it is a very nice case.
I don't think so due to the extra length. Just buy the Oscar Schmidt Tenor Case and use a terry towel to make up the difference.
I don't think it will. The Kala-SMC has a very long neck, correct?
yes a very good speaker.
The speaker is shown in the picture. It straps around the waist! I teach aquatic fitness classes and move around & jump alot, it stays firmly anchored at my waist. Love it! It adjusts to be very loud, I can be heard over 2 large pools with swim team training going on.
There is no headset as far as I know. The microphone is attached to the amplifier which is and the sound comes out of the speaker that is worn around the belt. I hope that helps.
I don't think so. It's like a microphone.
Don't know. Have not tried it that way.
I don't think this would be the best option for you. I have a deep and loud voice and I had to keep the mic pretty close to my mouth so that it would pick up my voice for a clear sound. I couldn't say for sure whether it will or will not pick up your grandmother's voice, but I'm taking a guess that you might have an issue. Also keep in mind that the speaker gets pretty heavy with all the batteries it takes.
I'm not sure. Ours didn't come with one. I'm sure radio shack or best but could help get the right size needed.
I would think so, it uses a mini jack input
You can place it on a desk but you won't be able to move around because of the length of the microphone wire.
It applies your voice with the microphone. I'm not sure how you would so that with a phone but it definitely makes you louder.
My cd player/radio/tape player has a 'mic' adapter plug and I plug it into that. It works fine.
It has a 1/4" jack as well as a standard three prong audio jack.
These units do eat batteries. Be prepared to Replace batteries after about 10hrs of intermittent use. Never had run down during 3hr gig starting out with new batteries. Has good Indicator light that does give you a bit of warning when about to give out. Hope helps
Yes, but you'll need to purchase directly through Ezprogear amazon store. Don't purchase with amazon fulfillment as they will not pay attention with the frequency pick which most of the time you will get the same frequencies in one order. Hope this help. Thank you
depending on your use,,if you are using microphones to record into a recording devise then speakers are not used but if you are using an amplifier for others to hear then speakers are required.
This unit has 2 lapel mic's, in addition to the headset mic's. They can be clipped on to the clothing, and are very small. Each mic has it's own volume control on the receiver, and the receiver has one, combined output, so you probably wouldn't need a mixer. You would need an adapter cable to go from the receiver 1/4" output jack to the camera mic input jack.
Using it outside, vs inside, really no difference unless adverse weather condition, really windy will, of course cause wind noise. Not water proof. Microphones do not know what type of Events they are being used for. Sorry It is a good, low cost wireless mic with decent range. Hope this helps
The body jack will take a standard 3.5mm jack from any mic manufacturer. It comes with a threaded 3.5mm mic but other companies make those as well. In my experience the threaded ones work better because they stay in place when the mic is used on someone who moves a lot. But both work.
Best to call H&F technologies in California and ask tech service if they Can provide microphone for system. 800-661-8069
So far the quality has been great for us. We use it for company meetings of 150 people in an outdoor setting. I have not been disappointed with the quality. Hope this helps.
Yes. And the handles are in good to grab places. I like mine a lot.
Yes, it will fit. My daughter's 3/4 fits comfortably with a little room to spare.
It only indicates 45 return policy on the website, so I would check with the the company. http://www.wwbw.com/Bellafina-Pro-3-4-Size-Double-Bass-Bag-474501-i1424589.wwbw I believe this is the website. I haven't taken the case out regularly but it seems well constructed. A bit heavy but should protect your bass well.
The zippers are holding up but are a bit oddly situated so, using them is clumsy. After two uses the straps have pulled away from the bag. We are taking the bag to a tailor for repairs already.
This case will fit bass clarinet feeds, as well as regular clarinet reeds and saxophone reeds. This case will basically accommodate any size Reed from an Eb clarinet to a contrabass clarinet or Bari sax.
There is a Boveda packet that fits perfectly - mine is labeled 72% and has the number 0433 below that. But you will miss out on all of the benefits of having RICO stamped on the product. That's worth a lot - to Rico.
Yes. This case is good enough for both clarinet and tenor sax reeds.
My case has numbers on the slots but they are difficult to see because the numbers are the same color as the slots (black).
I find that although this case is smaller than some of the other Reed Cases Selmer sells, it keeps the reeds in very nice playing condition. Plus, I find it very nice that this Reed case accomodates multiple size reeds for different instruments. I haven't personally used a Selmer Reed case before, but some of the clarinetists I work with do and this Reed case seems to accommodate the reeds much better.
Yes
Thickness: (19mm/0.7"), Width: (108mm/4.25"), Length: (95mm/3.75") Note that you can also find cigar humidifier packets (at one time, made by the same company that makes the Rico packet) at a much lower cost. Not sure if they have the same moisture retention.
Yes it will fit Bari. I have sop, alto, tenor, Bari in the same case.
I would say about 6 months for each pack. I don't remember if I got more than one humidipaks.
There is a pack within a pack. The outside pack is moisture proof and keeps the chemicals from drying out. Taking off the outer pack, the inner pack is not moisture proof - so the moist granules inside can permeate the holder and keep your reeds moist. The back of my outer pack have instructions to tear the foil and remove the inner pack to 'activate' the inner pack. Rico (or someone) places a high tax on these packs - you can get packs the same size from cigar stores (in fact Rico packs at one time were supplied by a vendor that also made cigar humidor supplies). I get them pretty cheaply from Amazon (or the online store that has 'bay' somewhere in the title).
I have not tried that but I highly doubt that it will work for computer out to mixing board since it is designed for mixer out to computer. What you need is something like a Peavey USB-P which is usb out of a computer to a box that gives you a left and right transformer isolated xlr out. That is the best way to not only hook up the output of your computer but also to help eliminate any unwanted noise.
If it has a 1/4" output then yes.
It goes from left and right channels to USB. I used it to go from a Mackie 32 Channel Mixer to my Video Recording Computer running Windows XP
Absolutely - just be sure you have the right adapters to go from the guitar into the male 1/4 plugs that this unit has.
The A/D cable does not work in both directions - the signal flow must be *from* the audio end *to* the USB end. That means you can not play out through your USB jack using this cable. You will need a D/A box to play out from your USB port to your speakers, and probably an amp as well (unless your speakers are powered). You can find these little guys branded as external USB sound cards, typically for under $50. Some of the nicer ones have gain and processing controls, but most will have an 1/8" TRS jack rather than RCA or full size phono jacks. When you go looking for a solution, remember to consider all the connections you'll have to make as well as power considerations.
Yes, don't buy it. I am returning mine. Such a disappointment.
The important thing about this mixer is the USB connectivity. I've done home recording for many years and the main problem has always been getting the mixer / sound card volume levels right, the right interface selected,etc. This mixer just plugs in the USB and comes up immediately as the default input and output. The sound is clear / noise free. I personally looked quite a while before buying this mixer- its pretty hard to find something with these features at this price or lower.
Yes, but you would need a battery pack that can supply 10-12 volts at 500 mA minimum, and the plug would need match up with the socket on the mixer. Unfortunately, it has been my experience that these plugs are not standard - one manufacturer's 12-volt plug might not fit properly in another's 12-volt socket, for example. You could take the mixer to RadioShack, purchase a plug that fits, and switch out the plug on the battery pack, if it doesn't fit, being careful to preserve the polarity. The run time you would get from your battery pack would depend on how much current it can supply - the more amps, the longer the run time, but I can't give you quantitative data on this point. You might get by with a 9-volt supply, but you would lose some headroom. Just be careful about using a supply that exceeds 12 volts. The one supplied with the mixer is 10 volts, I believe.
the only way I know to do it is get a headphone splitter. there will only one volume control for the both of you so if one of you doesn't hear real well it would be loud for the other
You should definitely be able to, keep in mind there are four tracks, all of which have 1/4 stereo jacks, but only two have XLR inputs.
It ships with a power supply and does NOT power via USB.
This mixer can send output from your two wireless microphones (assuming they have standard input capabilities) into your PC mixed to your preference; that information then becomes "input" to your PC after which the output to the amp/speaker setup becomes your PC's responsibility moreso than the mixer. The short answer is that it should if you know how to handle your PC as a middleman. Hope this helps~
This mixer has two kinds of inputs: XLR, and 1/4" auxiliary. So long as the microphone outputs one of those two types (most likely the 1/4" type), then it will work. My USB microphone outputs 1/8" auxiliary, but that can easily be modified with an adapter to make it 1/4".
It plugs in with a USB cable so...yeah. It certainly works fine on my Win8.1 machine.
No, does not have Aux send. Only out put is headphones, USB and mains.
it comes with a USB Connector and a power supply. connect the USB connector to your computer . install Ableton software , the software auto detects the device
Yes
The device on it's own doesn't really do anything other than control Ableton Live software (it ships with the Lite version but to do anything serious, you'll need to upgrade to the full version). At minimum you will need a suitable PC or Mac computer. Since it is a MIDI controller, you could use it to control MIDI on other devices, but that's not really what it's designed for. I'd recommend you spend some time reviewing Ableton Live software and then decide if this is the right control surface for your needs.
The APC40 is to connect to your laptop to control the Ableton software. Abelton is a software used to make/record/perform music (you get a free basic copy when you buy the APC40). You can connect your keyboard to Ableton (not to the APC40) but you will usually need an additional piece of equipment for them to communicate with each other. I don't know if you can do pop, that's up to you really. As you are the one who will be creating the music lets be positive and say you can do whatever you want. In my opinion the Ableton software would be good for assisting you to write pop music. Hope it helps D
As long as you have Abelton, (which is the case for me) you just plug this into a USB port and your good to go. There was no setup. I am using a Windows PC.
This works specifically for Ableton Live. its more for triggering sequences that is produced before the actual show. To play on the spot sounds or melodies, you should key a midi keyboard to play the sounds from ableton.
No. It's just a controller. It's like having a really fancy mouse specifically designed for Ableton
It can be use as a drum machine yes. It depend of the kind of software you are using. For my self i use it to do light's effect in a nightclub.
Not sure why you'd even want to use this with Virtual DJ, it's not a DJ software controller. As a Midi device, I'm sure you could map some of the the controls to Virtual DJ, but it seems more trouble than it's worth as there are many other dedicated DJ controllers out there at the same price point or less.
Yes, as long as your software is compliant. Ableton and FL Studio both work, verified personally.
The MXL AC404 works very well for us. It is utilised in a conference room that sits 12 people. The person seated furthest from the mic (at one end of the room) can be heard very well by the other party in the video conference. The mic picks up sounds from outside the room too but I cannot comment if it will be effective in a room for 30 pax. You will probably need a couple of mics for that.
You can use it with a hub, but you will not like the results. A hub introduces a ton of delay and jitter and will trash your recordings. I've used mine with a 15foot USB extension just fine.
Yeah. That is perfectly possible, but you can do exactly the same thing with any microphone. You just need to plug this microphone to the PC. Connect your TV and PC with an HDMI cable, and then set the PC's audio settings (if needed) so that all the output sound goes to the TV's speakers.
It's worked beautifuly on every machine I've tried, MAC book, MAC book pro, Mac mini, Mac pro, win XP, win 7, win 8, win 8.1, Linux, blah, blah. Blah. It's standard USB mike so anything that can use a USB mike will work with it.
The wide range of pickup shouldn't interfere with VR software since anything speaking nearby is quite clear and the mic does a good job of separating background noise from foreground speech. Should work with XP, although I haven't tried it. Honestly I don't see any reason why it wouldn't since it just uses the Microsoft drivers, you don't have to install any software, just plug and play. The mic will pick up as long as the software is asking for it, so if your VR software is always running, then no it won't turn off. As long as it's plugged in and some kind of software that would use it is running, it's listening for you. However if no software is active nothing will happen. Standard for a USB microphone.
You will need external speakers. This is a mic, only; although it does have a monitor jack for headphones (so you can hear what the mic is picking up).
No
If you can get around the size, the sound is great. No problem picking up sounds, even whisper.
I use the mic close by also, and when I play back through my external speakers (or even the speakers built into the laptop), I have not had any feedback. This really is the best mic I've found out there. Hope this helps!!!
No. I use it in a big courtroom on my desk. Judge is higher than where I Am. Picks up everyone real well in all directions, all heights. Hope this helps. &#128516;
Yea it did
Yes. Purchased this as a gift for a musician and he loves it!
I bought this as a gift. Did lots of research and Kala came up consistently with good ratings and reviews. The bag, tuner, etc. are extra perks and save some $$. The person I gave it to loves it, says it is easy to play, stays in tune and is well made. Hope this helps:)
This product is vintage sunburst, as pictured.
Yes it does come with a case.
If you mean the "Vintage Sunburst" color, then yes, it looks exactly like what is in the picture. Thanks.
Yes it is, the lifetime Warranty.
Its the best guitar I ever had... strong acstics and i dont regret buying it
31"x11"x8" here you go!
Yes, easily.
It's very flexible. I'm a music producer and I use them for powered amp speakers. they are fairly light-weight but durable. Very easy to adjust height. Just make sure that after you adjust to the proper height that the pin is inserted to prevent an unwanted or sudden drop in height.
This is a very sturdy stand _ This will be at a base height at 37 ", Calculate this number from the center of your monitor mount. My film company uses them, they are pro-grade - You will be very satisfied - Regards, Black Door films
When the tripod arrives, you have to assemble it. So, you could just not attach them. But, the screws it comes with go into a pre-threaded hole. If you want to attach, detach, and re-attach the holsters, I don't think the screws or the holes would last very long.
4" is real close to 100mm. This fits most standard LED TV's 75mm and 100mm. There are free conversion charts on the internet.
Yes one on each side, They sit behind the TV itself.
From Vertical about -10 to +90 degrees
Typically, tv's up to 24" may work. Yet you must be sure that there are the 4 screw holes on back of tv that are 4 inches apart from each other. If so, then all you do is take the mounting plate off of the top of the stand. Then screw it onto back of tv. Then put tv on the stand and secure it. (For flat panel tv's). MADPROAUDIO - DISABLED VETERAN - FAMILY OWNED COMPANY
Check the pattern holes. This is only for small tvs. Holes 200 mm.
Yes, it can be assembled without the mic holders. There are only 2 screws that secures each mic holder so they are easily installed or uninstalled.
I use this to hold a monitor for a karaoke stand. That's what it's typically used for.
Hi Daniel. It'll work but be careful as you may want something more stable.
Nope - you'll be all set. Make sure you tighten all of the wheels and the thumbscrews in the back!
Yes. I use it for dj gigs and I am always moving it. The worst thing that has happened is a wheel came loose but that may have been me not putting it on tight enough in the first place
Yes, it does tilt once a screen is mounted.
Yes, there are 2 screws that lock the tilt angle in place.
In my opinion, yes it does. It's about 1 cm wider than my Yamaha acoustic, but this is all I have to base it on/compare it to. The Hohner rangers from 6.5 cm at its widest to 5.5 at its narrowest. MK
No, most nylon string guitars do not use a truss rod in the neck and the HC06 is no exeption. You can put nylon strings on a steel string guitar, but you can't put steel strings on a nylon string guitar because the construction is lighter. You can warp or twist a nylon string neck if using incorrect stringing methods.
It's all about getting used to the nylon strings..at first string will feel thicker and probably a bit harder to press compared to the steel strings..but for me it subsided as i continued playing. This is a nice guitar for a beginner.
This guitar is for a righthanded person.
10 mm
I'm sure you could ,you might have to file the but a little so the strings will fit but that's a very minor adjustment.
No. It does not
It comes in a cardboard box. No case though.
It has a set neck. For the price, an excellent classical guitar, very traditional with a wide neck. I enjoy playing this an other Hohner guitars!
Yes, it's a full sized guitar.
Yes. It will hold any standard 19" wide rackmount equipment. Note that this rack is designed to be slanted.
So long as it is 19" wide with ears, it will. With nothing else on it, I would mount it at the lowest possible point. I say this because this rack is angled.
If it is a 2u half depth light weight server, sure, but this is a 2 post telecom rack. It is really more geared toward switch gear or pizza boxes, not servers that would be better in a 4 post rack. You could put the server at the bottom of the rack and let it rest against the ground ... but this rack isn't really meant for servers.
I bought two of these racks and both came with a full compliment of hardware.
It definitely came with cage nuts and screws. I cannot speak to how many at the moment, but there were definitely enough to fill up the whole thing. I have a ton left over.
I'll let you know when I get to the studio. I will say that I was pleased with the hardware. The rack is not a 1950's steel Bud rack, but it does the job.
I have lab elsewhere at the moment so I can't provide a precise measurement. The angle is not that aggressive but I would say it could add two inches to depth at top RU.
Nope. Only PC. Maybe you could find a adapter some where in the guitar center.
No ... I am really happy with my decision to buy this mic. Excellent quality.
Any standard size microphone stand will do.
You might have to go into the audio system preferences in the OS or in Garage Band to adjust the volume accordingly.
No. I am using a PC, and the mic is in a sound booth. (the PC is not)
You should be able to attach what's in the box to any stand; these sorts of things are universal. :) Just like every handheld microphone fits any microphone stand.
I'm using the Nady Pop Filter and it works fine. I'm not using the MS7701B Mic Stand but after having a look at it my answer is "Sure, that'll do nicely.) You really won't be needing much more than that. A good vocalist and some recording knowledge is the only thing I can think of.. For the price it really is a fine piece of audio machinery. I'm very happy with it and you probably will be as well.
A little more than eight feet.
Hi Linda. I work in broadcasting and use the PG42 to record voiceovers. For voice yes, you definitely need a pop filter and foam windscreen. Yes both..... It will need a separate desk stand as it only comes with a shock mount and nothing to hold it. It's a great sounding mic and service with Sure in Illinois is great if you have any issues.
Yes. Yes it does.
Schecter SGR-1C fits my SLS C1 FR-S Blackjack perfectly - and snugly. The SGR-Universal/1 also fits this guitar and others, perhaps less snugly. SGR-1C is plush velvet inside, molded outside: perfectly usable and as protective as 90% of them out there - exterior is basic, not high-end.
Yes it should as long as it's a C1 Body style with dbl cutouts and I think it is.. Fits the following guitars: - 35th Anniversary C-1, - Banshee 6 FR Active, - Banshee 6 FR Passive, - Banshee-6 FR TransPink Exclusive, - Blackjack ATX C-1, - Blackjack ATX C-1 FR, - Blackjack ATX C-7, - Blackjack ATX C-7 FR , - Blackjack ATX C-8, - Blackjack SLS C-1, - Blackjack SLS C-1 EX Baritone, - Blackjack SLS C-1 FR, - Blackjack SLS C-1 FR-S, - Blackjack SLS C-1 S, - Blackjack SLS C-7, - Blackjack SLS C-8, - C-1 Custom, - C-1 Custom FR, - C-1 Limited, - C-1 Platinum 6 (GC Exclusive), - C-1 Platinum FR (GC Exclusive), - C-1 Standard FR, - C-7 Custom, - C-7 Standard, - Damien Elite-6, - Damien Elite-6 FR, - Damien Elite-7, - Damien Elite-7 FR, - Damien Elite-8, - Damien Platinum 6, - Damien Platinum 6 EX Baritone, - Damien Platinum 6 FR, - Damien Platinum 6 FR-S, - Damien Platinum 7, - Damien Platinum 8, - Damien Special FR Amazon Exclusive, - Damien-6, - Damien-6 FR, - Damien-7, - Damien-7 FR, - Demon -8, - Demon-6, - Demon-6 FR, - Demon-7, - Demon-7 FR, - Hellraiser 006 FR Special Edition, - Hellraiser 006 Special Edition, - Hellraiser C-1, - Hellraiser C-1 EX, - Hellraiser C-1 FR, - Hellraiser C-1 FR STPB Gear Orphanage Exclusive, - HELLRAISER C-1 FR SUSTAINIAC, - Hellraiser C-1FR-S PBQ- Gear Orphanage Exclusive - Hellraiser C-7, - Hellraiser C-7 FR, - Hellraiser C-7 FR STGB- GEAR ORPHANAGE EXCLUSIVE, - HELLRAISER C-7 FR SUSTAINIAC, - Hellraiser C-8, - Hellraiser C-8 FR, - Hellraiser Extreme C-1, - Hellraiser Extreme C-1 FR, - Jeff Loomis FR, - Jeff Loomis NT, - Jeff Loomis-6 FR, - Kenny Hickey Signature C-1 EX S, - Maus C-7, - Omen Active-6, - Omen Active-6 FR, - Omen Active-7, - Omen Active-8, - Omen Extreme-6, - Omen Extreme-6 FR, - Omen Extreme-7, - Omen-6 , - Omen-7 , - Omen-8 , - Radiation C-1, - SGR C-1 EB, - SGR C-7, - SGR C-7 SBK, - Tommy Victor Signature Weight, Dimensions, and Manufacturer Part Numbers Shipping Weight: 12 lbs Shipping Dimensions: 43 x 16 x 5 in Manufacturer Part Number (MPN): 1620
Yes, this is the next-best thing to those bulky professional road cases used by touring musicians. I've accidentally backed a vehicle over a case like this, with no damage to the guitar inside (though I wouldn't recommend testing that out on purpose).
NO
I have a Schecter Hellraiser. Fits perfectly.
Yes. This is the correct case for C-1 style guitars. Under product details you will see Item model number: 1620 which is the same SKU #1620 that Schecter has listed. Under the details on the Schecter site the C-1 case is the correct model. http://www.schecterguitars.com/guitars/damien-platinum/damien-platinum-6-fr-detail Hope that helps.
Not sure about that one. This is the case I bought: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001U5NYD4/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o07_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1. Perfect fit.
The C1XXX will fit like a glove!
It looks like the same size as all other C-1s. If it is, it will fit.
Yes, in fact these cases are for Schecter C-1 so I was afraid it would not fit my Damien platinum 6 but it fits like a glove. Besides, both guitars have the same shape so... Yeah.
I would strongly recommend against that setup. One of the distinguishing features of any Klipsch speaker is their amazing sensitivity. The rf-7ii are a great example at 101db's. So, using a bruiser amp like the Behringer is completely unnecessary for achieving any goal. If you need them to go louder or just want more headroom for sound quality then I would suggest looking in the home amplifier arena. I have married pro audio with home audio before and its great if you are just going for huge sound for like a party in a big hall or something...but you need to use line level from your pre-amp to this pro amp and the volume increments will not line up as precise as you might like. Since you dont need a ton of power for these Klipsh speakers I would look for a solid home amplifier to just take RCA's straight from you pre-amp. I think you will be more happy. NOTE: the fan on this amp will be really annoying in a home set-up.
No, this amp does not have a adjustable or auto ranging power supply despite what the manual may imply by listing multiple input voltages. If you get a 110v version you are going to need a transformer to use it with 240v power such as this one that I bought: http://www.ebay.com.au/itm/300817029856?ssPageName=STRK:MEWAX:IT&_trksid=p3984.m1423.l2649#ht_1269wt_1163 If you buy it from the US amazon they will send you the wrong version, at least they did with mine. Ended up with shipping and the transformer just as expensive as buying it locally in Australia. Best of luck Regards Robert McNair
Yes.
The ep4000 is more powerful than xls 1500. I own both amps, neither specifications are misleading you just hace to understand how amps work.
The output power of this amp is: 550 WRMS at 8-Ohm per channel. I think you will need two amplifiers to run your 4 Community PA speakers at 8-ohm each. Otrer way is connect 2 speakers in parallel serie to reduce at 4-ohm. In that case this Amplifier work at 4-ohm per channel is 950 WRMS (is need connect 2 speakers in parallel).
correct, you can connect up to 4 ohms, but you have to be aware with your .saludos speakers rms.
Yes
It was actually a gift.I really don't think the person has the speakers you are talking about though. Sorry wish I could help more
no. there may be jumpers inside the amp that can be switched to 220/240 but I just don't know.
I run my amp about 60 to 70 percent
I'm not familiar with the ATH-M59, but the ATH-M50 fit perfectly. Like the case was designed for them. The quality is very good. I've been traveling weekly with them and its held held very well. The zipper is smooth and has not broken iin weekly use. I highly recommend.
hard
They will fit but its so snug that its not very practical. We always felt like they were about to break trying to put them in so eventually gave up.
Most definatley as they are smaller than the beats pro which i got them for! This is a wonderful case and i will continue to use it for years to come!
top of case to bottom, 3.5 inches and the diameter is around 7 inches, i can't tell the distentions, but one thing is that it is made of flexible plastic, not rubber or silicone
I've had my case and m50s for years and they still haven't damaged the headband or earmuffs.
They fit the ATH m40x. So I would recommend looking up those specs and then comparing?
Not entirely sure. I own ATH M40x and they fit perfectly. Maybe check the dimension of those and compare?
It seems that it would fit but I didn't tried it. Just to clear - you must disconnect the cable out to put it in.
There is very little room after you fold up you're headphones (I'm using ATH-M50s/LE) and place your cable on top but I was able to put my FIIO E17 Aspen in the bottom. I think the E17 is a tad bit larger than the E11, so it should work. It's tight with hardly anymore room other than your connector cables. I would have to say you could if your headset is the same size as mine and you don't mind the case completely filled.
I think so! I use these for jbl EON515xts and it is a perfect fit! I think the Mackie thump is a little smaller so you should be fine. These covers are great!
yes
Yes it will fit , no problem..
it should be fine a little loose maybe but it fit my mackie powered 12 fine
No, they do not fit. I've tried.
It won't fit. The dimensions of the Harbinger is 28.7" x 19.3" x 14.6". The dimensions of the cover is 27" x 17.3" x 14.8".
I don't know. I bought a pair for my Gemini rs series speakers and they did not fit.I still have them in my store.
I only use it for my Kustom monitor
Yes
One bag. I had to send mine back, doesn't fit my Mackie Th15a speakers.
It is simple: The Gator case I have is 16 inches long from the front to de rear, I have placed there a Crown 2500 watts (Two rack spaces) which is as long as yours and fits good in it. It is a 4 rack spaces case and after my Crown inside the case I still have two more spaces for some other items to carry.
These are metal bars with screw holes for mounting/securing equipment on the back of the case - similar to the rails on the front of the case. If a component is deep enough and has a bracket on the back, they can be secured on the back as well as the front. These rails could also be used to mount equipment from the back of the case if there is enough room (depth) in the case to support equipment mounted from the front and the back (i.e. cooling fans etc).
No I believe it is too big to fit in the overhead storage
Mine didn't but it was a used one
I don't know the measurement for you items but there is 7 1/4" depth to place them in..I have a RSQ Neo-22 and a Technical pro 1500w amp in mine and thats all it will hold..hope this helps
I have them on my Jensen JTA-460. They seem to slip off a bit easier than the originals did, but the sound quality is the same as the original stylus. I don't know if there's any better option out there, but they will at least work for you.
yes it does
yes very good
If your Poineer turntable uses universal type of stylus then this will work.
The universal one works on all systems. I llove the quality of of the stylus needles.
Works with any Audio Amplifier that has a Audio Input Source. Hope this helps You. Larry Meadows
I honestly have no idea if it will fit. My turn table is an ION.
The one I got was black.
Unfortunately I don't think so. The shape of the case doesn't allow you to keep a pineapple uku.
I have several uke cases that barely accommodate the ukes for them. If I were you I would purchase a slightly larger case. Good luck to you.
It is like canvas. It could probably be treated with something like Scotch Guard, but probably isn't weather resistant as-is.
I would think it should because the pineapples bottom is pretty much the same size.
I assume it would fit since the body cavity in the case in mine is a solid oval. It definitely appears this was done with a pineapple shape in mind.
It is 25 5/8 inches long inside by 9 1/4 inches wide on the widest part of the base. This case is mildly flexible. So it would hold a uke that was a quarter inch to long easily. Although it would not be as easy to slip my uke in the case. I have another tenor case I have to but the uke in neck first. It's a hard side case. Good luck.
The inside measurements are 9 iches at its widest point and 25 inches in length. Hope this helps.
I don't know.
The one I have came with a single strap to sling it over one shoulder. Mine does not have backpack-style straps...
I don't know much about the Les Paul Uke. The Lanikai case is a tight fit for their uke. If the dimensions of the uke is close to that of a Lanikai then it should fit. Most concert Ukuleles are about the same size. You could always order and if it doesn't fit return it. I hate to return anything, but sometime you take a chance. It is a very good case. Hope this helps.
Yep. Thats the case I bought for my Damien Solo 6. Very solid case, guitar fits in very snuggly. Almost too snug if you have straplocks installed.
The case is form fitted specifically for the Solo-6, I do not believe it would fit the deluxe 006.
I do not own this case my guitar did not fit.
No, this is a case only for solo-6 style guitars. The case you are looking for is the C-1 style case. Here is the Amazon link and the Schecter link to confirm correct case style. http://www.amazon.com/Schecter-Guitar-Research-Diamond-Series/dp/B001U5NYD4/ref=sr_1_3?s=musical-instruments&ie=UTF8&qid=1396265104&sr=1-3&keywords=schecter http://www.schecterguitars.com/accessories/cases-cat/sgr-1c-c-shape-hardcase-detail Hope this helps.
No it wouldn't. The SGR-2A is designed to fit a guitar with and avenger body like The Syn model or the Dale Stewart avenger bass. For an omen you would want the SGR-1C case. Schecter also makes a universal case but it doesn't form fit the guitar where as the 1C would fit your omen :)
I believe this model only comes with 24 frets.
You named 2 guitars as one. The Avenger and BJ or BlackJack are two different models. This will fit avengers and synyster gates guitars. If you have a BlackJack, they have a different case,that you can also fit a "Damien". Hopefully I was of any help.
No, sorry the SGR-2 you need the SGR-1C.
No.
No, definitely not. This guitar case is specially made or the synyster gates guitar and the avenger (also made by schecter). I would recommend going into a local music store and trying out cases. You run the risk of a guitar or bass not fitting in a so called "universal" case. A brand that make universal cases is SKB, are on the expensive side but it will protect your instrument. I hope to have helped in any way possible. If you need any other questions answered feel free to ask.
Mine came with 2, YMMV
Superior Drummer does offer a lot more options for customization an is very impressive to that end. But be advised you won't be able to use the advanced features on the EZ kits, only the SD versions. So in that way you may feel like you're buying things twice. Having said that - routing individual drums to separate channels external to SD or EZ also gives you a lot of control
The crossgrade is like an upgrade from EZDrummer. So, you'd need to already own EZDrummer to register it. The regular version does not require any previous product from Toontrack.
I am not sure but I think you can do the crossgrade from EZD2. I would check with toontrack support before I buy.
It overlays it but you keep all The drum content from 1
The mic has a standard male jack. The cable is not included. As far as going to usb...I believe you would need a converter/adapter. There are mics designed to be plugged into a usb input.
No, I haven't but the frequency response is fairly flat in the upper register. The mic is a little hotter than a Shure SM57.
The mic ends in a male xlr and connects to cable via a female XLR, you need to get cable with a female end.
No, thank's for your question.
Yes
No. It will sound okay on a guitar amp but it won't pick up the low end on your bass.
I would give their tech desk a call.
I use these to mic out guitars and they sound amazing.
Just the mic. And plastic cradle.
You should never do that, you need a preamplifier to boost the signal. Try a little audio mixer.
On the back it has a "red,white,yellow" but they're INPUT only. There is NO audio input jack (3.5mm or red/white or otherwise) to be able to plug an MP3/iPod into it.
I have the Singing Machine SML-387 and the Party Tyme CDGs that I got at Best Buy work just fine. I can't figure out how to download songs though, it doesn't work with a CD-R or DVD. I think there is software you can buy for around $40 that helps you burn CD-Gs onto a CD-R, but I don't want to pay for it and find out that it doesn't work. Anyone know?
Yes, the Singing Machine plays regular CDs.
I bought this for my Mama, so I asked her & she says yes it will.
We haven't used batteries for this yet.
I don't know. This is not the unit I have. But if there is a USB / HDMI or a similar port on this unit, there are adapter that will do a 1:1 factor conversion and you can see it on TV. I actually have a unit for sale if you are interested. Just pay S&H and about $12. It is an interface kit from any Karoake to TV. Let me know. Thanks, Ken Atri
14" tall, 11 1/2" wide, 6 1/2" deep-approximately
My first song machine burned up in less than five minute. I received a replacement from amazon and the second unit burned up in less than ten minutes. 2 machines both never worked.
No it does not.
I Wouldn't buy another one. I received 2 and neither worked, they both burned up. Some type of electrical problem. No fire but you could smell something melting or burning.
You would need to purchase multiple kits. The controllers from the same model kit are all on the same channel but you can only run one receiver per machine. I bought 3 kits to run 3 fog machines but only use one remote.
It is the 5 pin connector. The connection is also virtually identical to that of a 5 pin MIDI cable (male connectors). Consult http://www.chauvetlighting.com/fc-w.html for general features and spcifications or http://www.chauvetlighting.com/products/manuals/FC-W_Instructions_Rev3_ML_WO.pdf for more detail and a list of compatible chauvet fixtures.
Heck no.. but they told me it should work. So I bought it and there is no place for it to plug in or interface with the bubble unit. But if you still interested I'll gladly sell you my remote at cost before I return it. Bubble machine is cool.
No, the 700 only works with the manual push button wired remote (different plug). To use the FC-W (wireles remote) or the FC-T (wired remote with continuous and timer options), you need to get at least a hurricane 900 or bigger (900, 1100, 1300, 1800...)
Yes
I'm not sure of the question. So I'll try to wing this. If you purchase a wireless set from the same company for which it was made there will be no problem. They manufacture the receiver for their Fogger as long as it is not hybrid. Mine works fine. Male and female it must be to mate the connection
I am not sure what they call the pins (maybe DMX) but it is not like a normal plug. Unfortunately there is not a lot of information and they do not tell you this in the description. If you have a larger fog machine (1100 or up) then it should work. If you have a 700 or smaller you would probably need the *MPN - ACW http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B008O4QBFC/ref=olp_product_details?ie=UTF8&me=&seller=. I purchased this and it is useless for me. I now have to spend more $ to get the correct wireless remote. I will be ordering the ACW remote.
Yes it does need to be set. Should have come with instructions on how to do so.
Not sure. I am using it with the CHAUVET Hurricane 1100 and it works perfect.
For this your have to buy the timer (http://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B001WMFREO?pc_redir=1405404893&robot_redir=1) which works great with the 1100!
It's the heater turning on and off. It's normal.
Let it heat up completely. Sometimes the pump will get stuck. Does the pump make any clicking noise when you press the button. Keep trying. Sometimes it takes a while for it to free up
No.
This machine kicks out a lot if fog ! I would highly recermend foggy s back bay fog juice. I use two if these machines and the back bay for my Halloween display and I can fog the street in if I'm not careful . For intense amounts of fog at once like the games on tv I would get two machines
yes, works great
No, you have to buy the fog juice separately.
I ran it a good three hours+ Halloween on one tank with some left over. But it will depend a lot on how much smoke you set it to blow. Mine did not come with a timer, but you can find one on Amazon that works fine.
Hello JaNell. I only used once, for Halloween last year, and it worked great...a big hit on the street! I'd say it 'cycles', blowing fog on/off for 5-10 seconds at a time. I'd consider it more of a pause than a stop. It would blow fog for 5 seconds or so, then pause for about 5 seconds. And it would repeat until it got low on fog juice. It didn't stop for any extended period of time due to over-heating while I had it running. I'd say it was on from 5 pm until 10 pm. You do have to hold the button down for continuous fogging. I just taped it down with duct tape and put a small weight on top. Hope that helps. Jeff
It did not leave any residue on furniture or anything in my house. I used it for about 3 hours, and then it stopped working unfortunately.
This remote uses a unique connector, the RGB appears to use a standard 3 prong plug. If that is the case then this remote will not be compatible.
I can tell you it has a 5 pin connection
The pictures on Chauvet's site seem to indicate that the Haze 2D comes with this remote, but there are no pictures in the manual to verify. I can say that the remote port on the back of the Haze 2D is the correct connector for this remote, so I would say that it will likely work without issue. If you are thinking of ordering a Haze 2D and this remote together, I would say that you should probably just order a Haze 2D and see if it comes with this timer before ordering both together.
The one I recieved is 14 feet.
I don't know exactly but I walked it off and its 14'. Hope this helps.
I have no idea. I used them with 1100.
Yes :)
I plugged mine in the back of the fogger and waited for the fogger to heat up (about 5 to 6 minutes) then programed the unit and it worked great for me. Make sure you know which dial sets which operation. The one on left is the time between blasts and the one on right is how long each blast is.
yes i will agree with that at the most sometimes its ready in even shorter time than that. I hope this was of some help to you.
I dont know which one I bave, but it works great. My machine is in my warehouse or I would check.
I only looked for a couple of things - good reviews and the flexibility to turn the display in ways that made it easy to read, regardless of the way in which I was holding the guitar. The Korg had both. I bought it. I haven't been disappointed in any way at all.
I had a bad experience with is product. Korg ion my previous experience great. Maybe I got a lemon. Didn't work well on my 12 or 6 string guitars. Others rated it five star.
I don't think so. In any case, I suggest you spend a little more and buy a better one.
It's a chromatic tuner so it should be able to handle any note.
You didn't say what you're using them for and if you have a subwoofer but have you looked at the plastic speakers ? They are light and sound pretty decent.
No. This is just a passive speaker. Behringer makes a portable amplified 150 watt PA speaker called Eurolive B207MP3.
Yes, that is OK. Just make sure to not over power them. Remember, the total power in will be divided in HALF, going to each speaker, so even if the 15" speaker can handle more, the total max power output of your amp shouldn't exceed twice the rating of the 12" speaker.
For something that size, outdoors, I'd suggest the B215xl.
Hey, not unless you have a power amp and mixer. These are non-powered and have no built-in amplifier at all.
I'm not certain about the answer to your question however I strongly recommend against buying theses speakers they sound terrible and max out real quick
I do not believe you can run the 212xl from the B212A powered unit they both can be run if you have an Amplifier to power the 212Xl's both the B212A's are powered speakers chained by XLR/Microphone cables. the B212XL are Passive Speakers which require some type of Amp to run these. if you have a powered mixer you could run the B212xl speakers from the powered side and the B212A from the non-powered outputs..
At least a sixteen gauge
Yes, of course. Just plug the speakers into an un-powered output of the mixer.
It is not. You will need an amp or some kind of powered output,
I don't own the mv500 but IMO this violin has pretty decent sound quality for a violin of its low price. I was afraid of it sounding bad because I bought it from Amazon but it was perfect
they are good with both. The zyex strings I got and they are the best for the money too.
This is a great violin, but ANY new violin, either a cheap one or an expensive one, needs to be taken to a luthier for adjustments before you can start playing it. A luthier should be able to fix that issue. I took mine to a local luthier (who btw thought this was an excellent violin) and for $20 made several small adjustments (usually the bridge is what requires the most of them) and it has been working and sounding great since then. So my advice, find a luthier and bring it to him. If you don't have an accesible luthier near you, sometimes putting some chalk to the pegs help with the problem (I did that on my previous violin and helped to some degree). Good luck.
china
I bought it as a beginner and really enjoy it, even now. It is good quality and produces a good tone. The sound is not "professionally" good, but will definitely do for learning as a beginner. The wood is good and sturdy, not to mention the appeal of it is great. Hope I helped!!!
You can use pegs on the neck and also fine tuners on the tailpiece.
This violin does not have a flamed back. If you're looking for a flamed back, the MV-500 has a flamed back.
I don't know. But I have to say that it is a SHOCKINGLY nice violin. The sound quality and resonance are so beautiful it totally knocked our socks off. My sons violin teacher could not believe it was so cheap. Really, it is a very nice instrument. The sound is very rich. I am impressed. I would recommend it to anyone.
Also, FYI, we did not use the strings that came with the violin, we put on a better quality.
Yes, 2 bows included. Great starter violin!
We received the violin with two bridges. One assembled, one spare.
Yes
I would suggest going to a music store to get your child sized for the instrument. My daughter was measured by her orchestra teacher.
I bought the violin as a gift so I couldn't tell you. I hear the friends I bought it for really like it!
From my understanding from my vionlin teacher has told me (which she's been teaching for over 12 years with an orchestra) that she told me parts of the violin is ebony, like the frame (the black lines around the body of the violin). I don't remember if she told me that the fingerboard and the tuners were ebony though. Although some violins are like that. I hope this helps. I bought this one out of "gut feeling". Turns out its a pretty good violin. The only down side for me is that once i got the violin tuned the pegs tends to slip out of place, but some fine chalk powder can fix that. When i received the violin, one of the bows was dirty and the horse hair was coming undone, the other one was ok but i bought a new one after my teacher told me to. I hope this helps.
It comes with a basic curved violin bridge, as oppose to a fiddle bridge. I believe mine also came with an extra bridge. Some of the reviews suggested that it was not put together and that you would have to take it to a luthier, but mine was ready to play.
You can replace it but it's not worth it. You are better off getting a new bow altogether.
Probably 1/4 but she may need the 1/2 if she higher on the growth curve. Usually it's 18.5" arm length for 1/4 vs. 20". If you want to be sure, just go to any place that sells violins and they should be willing to measure her for free.
Yes!! I purchased one for my grand daughter and it was perfect. Here music teacher was also impressed.
Ball-end strings are fine for this product. As a professional I would suggest getting a specific set called Dominant. Dominant strings are imported and hand made in Austria which includes a Loop-end E string. This product uses any type of violin string.
It's fully assembled, except for the bridge and strings.
It will probably good enough if it doesn't get continuously knocked around.
It's a decent violin for a starter. The style is quite beautiful. They left the back of the neck unfinished to eliminate any gummy reside from forming. The only desired upgrade would be a hard case instead of the hard formed cloth case.
Watch fiddler man on YouTube. He has some great info to help. I love this violin. I do think (after researching my purchase ) that in the musical instruments market, money is an important factor. Spend to the upper end of your comfort level. It wil, hopefully, mean a higher quality instrument. Regardless, your first violin will have sentimental value, even if you invest in another.
I believe that the difference lies primarily whether it is a beginner's model up to a professional model. If it's like a flute this means the difference in action, sound quality and materials used in making the instrument. Hope this is helpful.
Its great for beginners! I purchased it a few months ago. I got new strings for it though and the sound improved immensely. On youtube "the online piano tutor"(she does violin too) has a really good review on it. :-)
It is a Stentor II. Google it and you will see it is the same. My son is using this for his first year in orchestra at school and it sounds good with decent craftsmanship.
Yes - it comes with a case, a bow, and some rosin.
No, it's a classic violin. Not Electric.
Yes it comes with rosin. The type is not specified.
The violin is made from wood, but i don't know about the pega
Yes, but I still had to take it to a luthier. They made some adjustments on the bridge and got it sounding great.
Scale of 1-10. I would give it a 9.5 it sounds good and it doesn't break easily even though it like that way. The case is great you won't be disappointed.
The Stentor II and the Stentor 1500 are the same instrument. They are just named differently depending on the country you're in. In the UK it's sold as the 2. In the US it's sold as the 1500.
Yes!
Yes, but you'll need to buy a left-handed chin rest and put it on yourself with a tiny screw driver needed to tighten it. The teacher can probably adjust it, if needed. My son is left-handed but plays violin right-handed...
no, you don't need to, they all come together.
It's a matte satin finish
I haven't had any problems with this violin. Had it for a month now. It is way better than I thought it would be for the price. So yes it's a quality instrument for a beginner.
The one I bought had an improperly cut nut, so it was impossible to give to a child to learn to play as they would only develop the wrong touch and feel.
ITS HARD TO TELL THEY PAINTED PINK
Mine still exists. I bought it in February. I just can't USE it because the poor design has all the finger placements wrong. I think any violin (even this one) will last a long time, if you care for it properly and treat it gently.
It will only work for you if you are not gonna be a stage performer for at least a year from now. If you are that much amateur that you do not care about impressing the audience, and you only care about learning some basic violin playing techniques, then it's THE BEST for you. On the other hand, if as a stage performer, you want its sound to be impressive from the audience point of view, it will not be the case. Some people say that it is only good for hanging it over your wall for beauty, but I do not agree. It is a real violin, but not a professional one at all. Only works for 1st year learners, but works great for them.
I guess I'm not understanding your question. Could you rephrase it? Do you mean which item of all had the best quality?
my daugther has the 1/16 and they turn fairly easy.
Children typically use smaller string instruments than adults. Violins are made in so-called fractional sizes for young students: Apart from full-size (4/4) violins, 7/8, 3/4, 1/2, 1/4, 1/8, 1/10, 1/16, 1/32 and even 1/64-sized instruments exist, although these smaller sizes are highly unusual and usually custom-made. Extremely small sizes were developed, along with the Suzuki program, for violin students as young as 3. Finely made fractional sized violins, especially smaller than 1/2 size, are extremely rare or non-existent. Such small instruments are typically intended for beginners needing a rugged violin, and whose rudimentary technique does not justify the expense of a more carefully made one. While related in some sense to the dimensions of the instruments, the fractional sizes are not intended to be literal descriptions of relative proportions. For example, a 3/4-sized instrument is not three-quarters the length of a full size instrument. The body length (not including the neck) of a full-size, or 4/4, violin is 356 mm (about 14 inches), smaller in some 17th-century models. A 3/4 violin's body length is 335 mm (about 13 inches), and a 1/2 size is 310 mm (about 12 inches). With the violin's closest family member, the viola, size is specified as body length in inches or centimeters rather than fractional sizes. A full-size viola averages 16 inches (40 cm). Occasionally, an adult with a small frame may use a so-called 7/8 size violin instead of a full-size instrument. Sometimes called a lady's violin, these instruments are slightly shorter than a full size violin, but tend to be high-quality instruments capable of producing a sound that is comparable to that of fine full size violins. I don't know the correct answer and since I am an adult I use the 4/4 size without any problems. I believe the choice of violin size depends on the age and physical condition of the child. If the child is young and small start with half size violin and so on until the child grows and can handle bigger violins. The problem is if the child grows rapidly, the smaller violins will become useless. Consult with the music teacher. The above is the reference from Wikipedia.
We can ship to Argentina with additional shipping fee. Please contact us for more details.
We are sorry to tell you that we don't ship to Philippine/Asia.
You need to install the bridge easy job, tuning will then be next but you should purchase a bottle of liquid rosin for the tuning pegs. Tension on the strings will cause the pegs to loosen but the rosin will give great results, available at any music store about 8.00 lasts for a long time.
Yes it does come with rosin, you need to use the rosin before you first use the violin, then maybe once a week or so depending how often you play the instrument. Careful you don't drop the rosin it breaks very easily.
There is a 1 year warranty
Yes it's a great beginners violin for all ages. Good quality for the price. Has a great sound.
This violin is not good for a 16 year old. Buy a full size and go with a better brand. Violins are expensive and cheap ones make it hard to learn to play. Franz Hoffman is a better brand. I'm not sure what you mean by 5/10 but a 5 year old needs a 1/4 size and a 10 year old probably needs a 3/4.
We can ship to Colombia with $49.99 shipping and handling fee. Please note the additional fee does not include import duties, brokerage fee and local taxes. These fees are regulated by your local government therefore you may contact your local government for estimate of fees.
I'm not qualified to say. I don't play it myself , I bought it for my daughter and was able to tune it up and after strings were broken in it's holding its tuning and sounds good and resonant to me. I will say that if it is not good for your level you could easily resell it and not lose much money .
depends the player age. 1/4 2/4 3/4 4/4 means the size or length of the violin. 1/4 is for 5-8 years. 4/4 is for adult. 2/4 3/4 is for age between them.
You probably need to go with a 1/2 size, especially for the 7 year old. Maybe even a 3/4 for the 10 year old. I guess it also depends on how tall/big your boys are. My daughter is 5 (average height) and she is using a 1/4 size. I am NOT an expert by the way.
unfortunately no. however, if there's a local music store you can go to I highly recommend you go and test some of the violins out to reference the different qualities of sounds then shop around for prices. I went to bills music before deciding on a stradivarius copy.
On any violin, the serial number is found in the f holes, which are the cuts in the instrument that look like Fs. I don't recall seeing a label on these but I could be wrong
Here's a chart I found Lillian, I hope it helps :) Violin Size. We bought the full size because of arm length. We found the full size was comparable to the next size down in the Mendini brand..[[Age 4/4 (Full Size) 11 years to adult]],[[3/4 size ages 10-11]], [[1/2 size ages 8-9]],[[1/4 size ages 6-7]], [[1/8 size ages 5]], [[1/10 size ages 4]], [[1/16 size ages 3]], [[1/2 - 1/32 ages 3 and younger]]
I do know you can not hook two of the same units together using firewire.
No. EITHER 8 xlr or 8 1/4 inch. The 32 inputs come from an external ADAT. Each input either hades xlr or line input. There's 8 on the liquid 57
Yes it does!
Yes it does, right after I registered it though the Ableton website, I got an e-mail letting me know that they will send me a download link for Live 9 as soon as it is available.
Yes it does, right after I registered it though the Ableton website, I got an e-mail letting me know that they will send me a download link for Live 9 as soon as it is available.
This is the boxed version of the product, which Ableton sells on their website for around $650. I verified with Ableton support that if you buy the boxed version on Amazon, you will be eligible for the free upgrade to 9 suite.
The headphone jack is under the console on the left. There are two sizes to pick from. The headhphone cord never gets in my way. That's one of the things I like about this piano. Good Luck!!!
It doesn't specify what type of piano the Piano 1 and Piano 2 sounds are, but to me, Piano 1 sounds like a grand piano and Piano 2 sounds like an upright.
Yes, it has hammer-action weighted keys.
Top of unit at 33 1/2 inches. Add 7 1/2 inches for sheet music holder. Keys at 28 1/2 inches.Unit is 18 inches deep and 54 inches wide.
It is a black piano, however, there are hints of a dark dark brown brushed throughout. From a distance the brown is not noticeable. The brown is noticeable up close.
About 4 ft
The one I had is for the US market. So 110v. There may be another version made for other places but I don't know about it.
It is 24 inches.
Yes
Yes
Boulder Creek doesn't make an acoustic bass case. I can get you a deluxe tweed/leather Michael Kelly Acoustic Bass Case for $159 or a generic case black case for $122 plus shipping.
Yes it does! EB3-N4LF is the fretless model. It is currently on Back order.
No, case must be purchased separately.
In theory you can, i have 2 usb cards connected to my laptop, plus the internal one, and all of them work, so in theory it should work. The only problem i see, is how the computer would identify each one of the usb audio interfaces, and how the user (you) would know each interface. Another thing that can help is to use the ASIO4ALL audio driver, if you are using Windows. Hope this helps.
After plugging in to a USB port, the Windows OS should see it and load the device driver it needs for proper operation. I am not familiar with Virtual DJ, but I am quite certain in its configuration, or preferences, you will find a link to select the "input" Virtual DJ will use to play music. You should see a listing that has "USB Audio CODEC" in it. This is the Behringer external sound card. Select it and you should be good.
This comes with a USB cable built in, you do need to get an RCA cable to connect this to a mixer or whatever device you are running audio out of.
I don't know about the S/PDIF but I suspect it won't work very well. I tried using the analog in to headphone jack using a USB power supply and it sounded terrible. I thought it would be a way around having to use a computer and it didn't work. Once I plugged the UCA222 into a laptop instead of a power supply it sounded way better.
I think it must. I use to send audio from and to my computer via the USB port on the CPU. The RCA jacks go to may external audio device (an old tape deck) so the audio is standard "line" levels with about 100K impedance. If audio goes both directions is must do DAC an ADC. Jim.
What is the question, I don't understand.
About six feet.
By "connect" do you mean "run the audio output of the XR20 into this to convert it to a USB audio signal that you can plug into a computer" then yes, you can absolutely do that. You'll just need an audio cable that is RCA on one end and either stereo 1/4" or two mono 1/4" on the other (you can find a ton of these on Amazon). You'd go out of your headphone, stereo, or aux outs from the Akai (your choice, they'd probably all sound about the same) and then plug that into the the UCA222 RCA in, then plug the USB end of the UCA222 into your computer. Just be sure to tell your computer and whatever program you're using to listen to the UCA222 as the computer's audio-in.
The Behringer 802 should have a CD/Tape Input/Output. The UCA222 has phono jacks to connect the audio. You would just need to use male phono to phono cables to connect the four jacks between the UCA222 and the 802. I did notice the UCA222 uses residential line levels, so your level meter might be a little bit different. You also could connect the UCA222 to one set of stereo inputs and the control room stereo outputs if you have any phono to 1/4" cables.
I don't see why not. It's compatible with Mac and the computer sees it as another sound card. You will have to assign Garage Band via the software's properties. I own four of these and use them on PCs in radio and production studios. Ultra clean and reliable.
I'm using professional PA speaker stands from Pyle. If you want to permanently mount them to the ceiling, you'll need to create a custom rig. These are designed to be portable. Even out putting them on the ground is an effective solution.
Yes.
These are passive speakers not powered. Probably 1 year warranty not sure
It's a passive speaker, so you probably will connect speakon or 1/4 (from speaker) to 1/4" on pioneer receiver? That's my guess
A computer power supply card will work
Yes, but watch your power levels - The speakers are rated for 1,000 watts each and the EP4000-series is 2,000 watts per channel. You could, in theory, run two of these per channel and be fine.
If you purchase two of them. They cost $219.99 each, which is a very good price for a very good passive two-way full range speaker. I post four of these with a pair of 18" subs underneath and I fill a lot of space cleanly with them.
One
No
It's a standard 35mm diameter opening.
Hi! I own these, but I installed with hollow wall anchors into drywall. I feel you in regards to plastic inserts into concrete, NOT the way to go ! Get wedge type anchors from Menards, Home Depot, LOWE'S, etc. if memory serves correctly, the mounting holes are only about 5/16, so 4 small concrete anchors would be more than enough to hold up a speaker. The anchors won't need to be more than 1.5 inches long. Hope this helps! Loni S Howard Howard Productions, LLC
I use EV ZLX 12's and they fit perfectly. Standard size. They brackets also come with an adapter for larger holes. I'm very pleased. I will say they look like they look, and the speaker will sit slightly above the bracket (won't cover the whole thing. The arm coming out does not articulate.
It's comes as a pair. I accidentally ordered two pair because I was confused myself.
Yes you mount it to the pole. The bracket attaches to the wall.
The specs on the packaging says they will hold up to 50lbs. Our speakers are only about 30lbs, so not a problem at all. We all have them anchored into some very solid support beams and I was able to do a pull up on them without any issue, and I am about 140lbs. Not that I would recommend putting that much weight on them, but they are very solid. The peg for the speaker is not adjustable, but if I remember correctly when I was looking at these that there are different ones with different size pegs. I would check the mounting hole on our speaker and then get the corresponding size peg. These are great brackets.
they are sold in pairs but the picture is of only one piece. Great for pro type studio monitor Speakers for church's and or auditoriums.
They come as a pair.
You can turn it to any angle and fix in any position.
The pegs are adjustable in both length and width. It holds my 17 inch laptop no problem. You can secure the length of the peg with individual turn locks. (Same as the height and angle adjustments. I love mine.
The part where the laptop sits has a tube attached. This tube slips into the base tube. The tightener mechanism has probably slipped to cover the bottom tube opening. You can pull it back where it should be with you finger so it looks like an open tube. You may have to loosen the screw that presses the tightening piece against the inner tube to keep it from slipping down once you have set the height. Once together, set at the height you want and tighten that screw.
Yes. The amount of compression is up to you. You can push in the brackets as hard as you want and then tighten down the screws. For example, my 12" laptop cannot be removed from the stand until I loosen the brackets first.
I think so, unless you were really pounding away. The tray is covered with a spongy material so when I put my ipad on it and tap it, it doesn't bounce at all.
Yes, the hooky things that hold the laptop are adjustable.
As long as the tray is locked perpendicular to the floor and not angled, it should hold 20 lbs. just fine.
I would think so, although I haven't measured it. I sit slightly higher than that on a bar stool when I'm using it for chords and lyrics in my solo act. Only thing I don't like is that I think it is heavier than it needs to be. While that makes it quite sturdy, it is also a bit of a pain to carry in and out and set up. Of course I also have a mic holder and also a small extra shelf mounted on mine too which makes it weigh even more.
about 10-12 lbs, (guess), in a large backpack yes. This is a very robust and heavy set-up. Great for field work, but not for hualing around in a backpack. It provides a very stable platform, and holds the computer tight.
No. It wouldn't work. The flat square base is 10" and I wouldn't trust the pegs for keeping it secure. It is designed specifically for a laptop.
I bought this for my beginning music student. It's very easy to use. Lightweight, but quality instrument. Very pleased with my purchase.
My son is in middle school band and he has not had a problem all year with his trumpet. He stated it was just right for him.
I think you are asking about a Bb (flat) trumpet and a C trumpet. Those refer to the keys the instrument is made in. Almost all music is written for a Bb trumpet. The C trumpet is sometimes used in orchestra. Another use of the C trumpet is to avoid transposition. If you are buying a trumpet for a beginner, buy a Bb trumpet. And remember... buy a high quality instrument. A high quality instrument will sound better, will have very few mechanical problems and retains it's resale value.
The brand of mouth piece will not matter. It's the size (5C) that matters for beginners. You should match the metal color to the horn, but that's just for looks.
"Bore size relates specifically to the diameter of the tubing used to make a trumpet. Typical bore sizes found in most standard trumpets range from the smaller .450 mm to the extra-large .472 mm. The differences in sounds produced are pretty straight forward with the smaller the bore size creating a softer sound and larger bores producing louder, bolder sounds. So what does that mean for you and your playing needs? Well, if you are a second or third chair, playing soft jazz or the trumpet is not a lead instrument in your ensemble, a smaller bore size will produce a softer tone that is best for playing music designed for these roles. Obviously then if a smaller bore size means a softer sound, a larger bore sizes will produce more powerful and fuller tones that are perfect for lead chairs in ensembles, solo performances and a number of more classically inspired music styles where the trumpet is typically a lead instrument." The source of this information is from a column written by Sean McCloskey
The mouthpiece
Depends on what level player you are. If you are more of a beginner, yes it's great! If you are an intermediate I would still use it. My only recommendation would be to get it in silver. Silver is the color of experienced players trust me you'll get more respect with a silver horn.
We don't carry 5C trumpet mouthpiece so we are unable to change the mouthpiece.
China,
yes this is from digitech rp55 online manual : Tremolo (t1-t9) A Tremolo effect modulates the volume of the signal at an even rate. Use the Value buttons to select one of the nine predetermined settings.
1/4" (instrument) jacks.
not worth upgrading, 55 a little newer but basically the same. save your money
No it does not. See http://digitech.com/en-US/products/rp55 for specs
The way it comes out the box the effects are not all that great but you can adjust each effect the way you like it
I do not recall it being included. I think I bought one.
I know that it has a volume adjust. It's hard to say. You might have a level turned down somewhere on you audio chain.
No
It does have 40 built in effects between many distortions ,overdrives ,etc... & 40 user editable effects.
No it doesn't. I did purchase the one they recommended. I was too much of a novice I guess. I really had a difficult time figuring out how to operate it. It has so many settings and I couldn't get the drum beat I wanted out of it.
Well for some reason DegiTech designed it to where you can't record any instrument whether it be, guitar, keyboard, or a mic while the drum loops are going simultaneously. So yes, you could use a mic to record some kind of background chorus loop with whatever vocal effects, and then you could sing over that for harmony. But you can't have that and the drum loops, both at the same time in the loop (without comp software or a multi-track recorder anyway).
I haven't added any tones to it, but I've created my own using the presets as a starting point and I'm really satisfied with those. Not to mention I can connect it to my iphone and iPad which is awesome
any source will work to a certain degree i have the drums from this rp155 going thru a digitech r7 guitar pedal amazing sounds can be added if you get bored with your drum sound...... like i said so i think that any input mic, other drums ect work but its whether you like whats comin out of course you would have to mic up the harmonica why dont you just go the store and see if they will let you demo it
i doubt it!.... its a basic all in one cheap machine limited by what it can do.only a small part of it is the looper itself. i have another dedicated looper also as you cannot have looper and drums together.this was a poor decision by digitech as everyone wants looper/drums together dont they?....but it is worth buying for the drum samples alone although they can only be changed by speed their still very good and unless your a real drums enthusiast they suffice for most people just to jam along to with their guitar thats all this machine really is.. is a bedroom practice machine
Yes
Yes
i just timed mine and it is 20 seconds! either you made a mistake or you got a duff one
It works ok, you may need to do some tweaking depending upon the tone adjusting ability of your guitar, but it has some good chorus effects that work to get the right sound, or you can adjust at the mixing board. but for my telecaster electric it has some sounds set very nicely out of the box that need little adjustment. good clean sound for guitar.
Yes, it does--a plastic brick-style plug, about two inches by two and a hal Yes, it does. A brick-style plug about 2" X 2 1/2" X 1 3/4".
Yes this comes with a power adapter.
Yes up to 99 loops. You can buy the ft switch so you can play let's say loop 1, then for chorus, smack ft sw to move to loop 2 (chorus). It is a very cool tool for practicing or performances.
Hey - I never had any luck mixing the Digitech RP355 with harmonica. Unpredictable feedback. I recommend the EHX Deluxe Memory Boy and Holy Grail. Also look into pedals by the Lone Wolf Blues Company, particularly the Tone Plus.
It uses a 9VAC, not DC...sorry!
No
The pedal is not spring loaded. The reasons are that by staying static, the pedal won't change the volume, wha-setting, or tone setting on its own while you are playing. The pedal action, however, can be programmed to alter either up or down. I've had several other wah and volume pedals and none of them were spring-loaded as well.
Yes, flanger for sure. And you can mix diff effects and save the results, giving endless varieties of sounds.
You can use it with any amp. I use a crate half stack and it really boosts the volume.
Mine did not come with USB cable
I think it does. I just finished building a pedal board for all my other pedals and was going to sell my 355. I might have used it a combined 5 hours. Its a great multipedal but I dont really have any use for it. I have a seller account on Amazon and was going to put it up for sale. If you want it, let me know & I'll post it and let you know when its up there.
No. These QSC speakers deliver a much better low end response and the Mackies. I've had some powered Mackie's before, not the ones you are mentioning, but I find the QSC to sound much better. :)
you wont get more for your money
one!
Yes the K8's are great powered speakers. I would not use ANY powered speakers with powered mixers though.
I owned a K8, but I can't answer that question because I never turned it up that loud. It's a great little speaker with teeth and great clarity.
Brand new. 6 year warrabty
Yes
per
I think they would be great for monitors, but the K10's have the cabinet shape for on the floor. Check it out. Also, at Sweetwater if you buy now they throw in a cover/tote. But yes, these would sound great as monitors in my opinion. Good luck!
Yes, if you are using just one k8 then get a calve that has two 1/4 inch phono plunge to RCA this way you can go from the mix with 1/4 outs to k8 RCA ins to me it sound better
The stand holds a guitar perfectly. If the banjo is the same as a guitar it should fit.
The base stands about a foot and a half wide and a foot deep, by two and a half feet high. This is a rough estimate... if you need more precision I'll be back where I can measure it in a week.
Every piece is hollow, but it is still very durable.
No
Yes.
I'm sure you can use it for an electric guitar. The braces on the bottom are wide for an acoustics.It hasn't ruined my guitar. If you have a really high end guitar I would spend some more money on a stand.
One
I cannot see why. I am using it and it is a very good item.
My husband has several guitars a banjo & a uke. None has been damaged by the frame. However his is basically retired & does mostly 1 hour gigs a few times a month. So I son't know if constannt use would make a difference.
Yes, the feet fold in toward the center. It fits nicely into the violin case.
All 4/4 violin shoulder rests can only used on 14" viola, for bigger viola, you have to get a viola shoulder rest.
Ronda, This particular rest would not fit a "full size" viola. There is a collapsible version for viola, however. http://www.amazon.com/Kun-K400C-Viola-Shoulder-Rest/dp/B0009JMW9E/ref=sr_1_1?m=AH2JRNPI2OU5R&s=merchant-items&ie=UTF8&qid=1428354997&sr=1-1&keywords=kun+viola#Ask Thank you, Customer Service, Southwest Strings
No. I would recommend doing a search on 1/8th violin shoulder rest, or consider one of the pad-type rests that might fit.
Hello, thanks for asking! You can try Wolf Shoulder Rest Replacement Parts: Rubber Tips (4) sold here on Amazon.com... Hope this helps! Thanks :) Roz
I think you have to order a 3/4 size.
China
yes it comes along with the violin. the case is so nice. but I got another better option to violin also available in amazon,is: full size 4/4 handmade stradivari copy german style violin fiddle case bow set (by generic) this one is much better at lower price highly recommended. good luck
China.
If you are a beguinner ball end strings must be remmended
A beginner. Good quality.
It comes with everything you see pictured
The outfit comes with USA-made Prelude strings, bridge, case, bow and rosin
No very easy...if she has an instructor, he would probably do it...:)
If I recollect correctly, the violin I ordered came with chin rest as a standard but not a shoulder rest.
Yes, they are wooden.
I bought this a few years ago and it did come with a case and a bridge, which it is also unclear. I hope this helps.
The pegs are made of ebony.
It comes with USA-made Prelude strings, the educator's preferred strings for students
Cremona set-up standard uses the combination of correct string height, string spacing and neck relief for accurate finger positions and intonation.
The outfit comes with USA-made Prelude strings, bridge, case, bow and rosin
No, sorry, this violin is not available in a lefty version. Thanks Christopher.
4/4 if I remember correctly
Yes, I do. Call us at 1-650-872-7987 to inquire. We can also quote you the total shipping fee and discount price altogther.
Probably not. Classical guitars typically have wider necks and this capo doesn't even work well on a regualr acoustic. It's pretty weak.
It'll work on the guitar no problem, and should be ok for the mandolin..I'm not sure if they make special ones to better fit the mandolin, but it should still fit snug with no problems.
You definitely don't want to get this one then. I bought two of these and it's just kind of weak. It will fit on a larger neck but it just won't push the strings down enough. Even with smaller necks like on my electric guitars, it makes my strings buzz.
Nashville,TN
hello,cesar, i think it would work on a uke just as well as on a guitar. you would just have to print out a capo chord converter from the internet where you would know what chords you are playing in. if i had a uke i would not be afraid to try a capo as they are very inexpensive. sincerely, darrell owen in texas
For me It's great on my electric, I have to adjust it a little for my acoustic but my acoustics action is awful. Still works fine.
Yes anywhere
I've had it for a couple of months now and it's still just like I bought it.
New! Item will be dispatched from HK or China directly in 48 hours after payment. Usually will take 1~3 weeks !!! for delivery !!!
It does NOT have INPUTS on the back. Only OUTPUTS. So, you would have to download the music to a disc, or a USB drive and that should work.
Yes and the machine not only works pretty well but can be used as a DVD player. The only thing I can't figure out is how to use a flash drive in the machine. I download onto the drive, plug it in and can't get the words to show up on the screen. They have been no help with my issue. So the machine works well, customer service not too much help though, I would still recommend it.
Yes, buy a RF modulator at Radio Shack put the Audio/Video inputs to the RF Modulator then a cable connection to your TV set. Plug in the RF mod, set it to either channel 3 or 4 also tune the TV to the same channel. I use the RF modulator extensively for multiple TV's. If you want you can possibly connect directly to the tv, give it a try.
No
There is no scoring on this machine.
yes, but you will need a cable RCA terms to usb. You can get it in amazon for a little amount.
Nice. Unfortunately I haven't been able to really use it as much as I would have liked. Easy wetup and this is my problem, not the mwchine but I am unable to download karaoke songs onto a flash drive and have the words show up on the screen. Otherwise it's nice to be able to use as a dvr as well.
No it doesn't and beware the first one came DOS and the second one I got the disc drawer stopped working shortly after we got it
Yes, but having difficulty selecting the folder from the usb flash drive.
No this one comes with the mouth area shaped so you do not need beeswax to play it. Look on Youtube to see how to shape your mouth to breathe into it. It took my husband a few tries but when he got the hang of it, it sounded very nice. Low and mellow and it did help to calm him and with his Bell's Palsy. It is almost completely gone, except a tick around his mouth when he smiles for a long time. He only played occasionally.
No, but you don't need one. It's designed to be played as it is.
My Didj was cracked when it arrive in the mail. I returned it immediately for credit. If I were you I would return for credit. There were other reviews when I bought it that had mentioned problems with cracking.
I bought the training DVD: "How to Play the Didgeridoo" by Jonathan Cope which helped a lot. I bought the didge mostly to cure sleep apnea and I think it has accomplished that purpose. I plan to meet with a band member who is an accomplished didge player to learn more about getting quality sounds from it. At this point my musical ability is not really good with this instrument.
Not really - the backpressure is really low. This one will be significantly harder to learn circular breathing with.
20 in. Tall. Wooden. Skin top. Cord tuning.
Head is about 10", height is 20" (1.5 feet roughly)
Product Dimensions: 10 x 10 x 20 inches
A little over 9"
No. We got a case from Guitar Center for c$40, firm on the top to protect the drum head and thickly padded fabric on the sides.
solid wood base - leather upper
Yes day do!
1 3/8 inch for typical spread. When legs are most wide spread then 1 1/2 inch. When most narrow about 1 inch.
Slides over top of pole. Has a knob tightner.
It's in 3 pieces- top, neck and bottom stand. It comes apart in about 10 seconds. It's pretty easy to transport, but it's a bit heavy/bulky. I don't know that I'd want to transport it back and forth daily, but once per week would be fine. The portable ones (we also have one) don't hold sheet music well and are not near as sturdy. Our portable (open one) fell over constantly, so that's why we bought this durable one. I love this conductor stand as do my kids (9 and 10).
This stand is pretty heavy duty. I took it on a concert tour where I had my music in a large 3 ring binder (that was quite heavy). The stand was very stable from the first page to the last page.
The plate is adjustable from flat to upright - it adjusts with a tension knob. I love it. I use it daily
Yes. The stand will extend from 24" to 45" as measured from floor to book plate ledge.
If it wasn't a small suitcase, yes. I think the rollerboards you can take on the plane might be too small.
Fully extended it is 55 inches tall. Fully compressed is 36 inches. Excellent quality music stand! The Best I've found.
Yes the lip is petty wide to hold a more than one music book or iPad.
I have used this many times when our trio plays out for parties, shows, etc. where there is no electricity. I am not sure what kind of batteries you are using and I am not trying to insult your intelligence, but make sure you have the + and - inline and correct. Also, I would highly recommend Eneloop rechargeable batteries and always buy the highest mAh. They have yet to fail me both on our audio and photography/video side. For non rechargeable batteries, we use nothing but Duracell Procell batteries. More than you asked for, but others may want to know. Yes, this little mixer is a gem for onsite use and it does work on batteries. If you are having issues...I am so sorry and it may be a defective unit. I wish you the best!
I think you are asking if the mixer also may be powered by direct connection to a wall outlet, in addition to being battery operated . . . The answer would be YES! It comes with an external power supply and all necessary power cords.
This mixer does not include a built-in reverb.
They are designed for microphones without prescription amplification.
If you have the right jacks for your headphones you could maybe use the 2-track outputs or the main outputs. You could try using the FX or MON sends as well, since those have individual volume control knobs.
The mixer has (5) XLR inputs so if your application is using microphones with standard XLR connections, it can actually handle up to 5. I hope this helps. It is a great little mixer!
the speakers can do the job
The mixer uses an external power supply (like the kind used for laptops, electric razors, etc), however, unlike those units, the Behringer power supply that I have is for 110/120 AC only and cannot switch to your voltage. You have a couple of options: Behringer provides a power supply that works with your voltage (part # MXEU4) that the supply with units sold in Europe. You can also get a power converter that will convert 230 V to 110/120 - shops catering to your country's foreign travellers will have them.
Most mixers are limited to having stereo channels this would give you the ability to have one extra stereo channel and also a eq for all the channels
By "the adaptor" I assume you are refering to the external power supply. The unit I purchased was designed for use in the United States and was shipped with the appropriate power supply. If you check the Behringer website, you will find that they DO sell replacement power supplies for other countries as well.
Absolutely, if it's got a 1/4" jack and you got a cable, well, you'll have a fine time!
It has a small compartment in the back and it comes with a 9v battery but you can change the battery, it also has a plug to plug into a wall outlet, but it doesn't come with the cord
Yes....but this amp isn't designed to rock the house.....it's a great practice amp for smaller spaces.
Yes, it does - but the sound is not good - it cuts out every few seconds with anything plugged in to it.
Yes it does.
Took this amp with me to a family reunion and plugged an old acoustic electric in with a simple 2 foot amp cable and it worked great.
Man I ordered mine and the speaker didn't even work. Amazon asked if I would answer this question. Sorry I don't know the real answer, I can say this thing clips to your belt, and does not have a power supply with it, only a 9-volt battery.
It has no XLR input and would be woefully underpowered if it did.
I dont think it would be good for bass. I would look into something with more wattage or a amp that is made for bass playing.
A Marshall it is not, but it has 4 Watts RMS, 10 Watts Peak and that is more than enough for $25 or so worth of fun.
I have this and it's a noisy piece of junk,spend a little more for a quality one.
i tried to use balanced 1/4 with xlr adapter, and never got a reliable connection. di box worked fine.
I use mine to play at church all the time ( to interface with the sound system), and it's been fine for me. The Behringer is a very well designed DI box and should provide you with no problems at all.
one input only
The DI box works on the input side of your mixer or amp. Whether you have speakers connected should make no difference.
No
This should not be a problem! You can connect your mic to the XLR jack and use a 1/4" cable with an mini-stereo (on either end) to connect to your laptop. Levels should be adequate for most applications.
I think you can. Connect your guitar (cable with 1/4" jack) into Input of PDC21, and then XLR M/F cable from PDC21 XLR output to XLR input on your mixer. I use PDC21 between output of mixer preamplifier or keyboard and input of power amplifier to get rid of hum noise and it works.
I'm not sure you could try it! It would work if you plugged into an interface but straight USB not 100% sure. Interesting question.
Yes, input are in 1/4 Jack, and output in XLR
I cannot answer that for sure; however, this case works great for Strat and Tele style guitars. If I had to guess, I would say no to the Gibson 339 even though it is smaller than a 335 which would definately NOT fit.
yes
It will work for any standard strat, tele as well
No, it won't. The inside length is only 39".
Hi Michael, Should NOT be an issue at all. I have 2 different styles of Parkers and a Washburn and they fit perfectly. That style should be more than fine. Great cases... - Brett
No
Not sure, there is approximately 1 inch gap between the headstock of my Tele and the end of the case.
I took an Ibanez S series to Seattle and back from Dallas withh this case. It worked brilliantly. I was far more upset to see the AA baggage people tossing the case from a truck onto a luggage belt but the case kept my guitar completely safe and sound.
Hello, Honestly for a Les Paul this probably makes more sense:
No it doesnt ! But sounded pretty good for entry level !
No it wouldnt because the Taylor is an acoustic guitar and the Yamaha is a classical guitar. They are shaped different. That hardcase is shaped for an acoustic.
According to Yamaha website (http://usa.yamaha.com/products/musical-instruments/guitars-basses/cl-guitars/cgs/cgs103a/), the CGS103 Series are 3/4 size guitar. My guess is the suffix could be vary but still on the same specification (?). Well, it's just purely guess work.
Yes. I bought one for my Granddaughter and it worked well. It's a classical guitar so it works well for finger picking. She also used a pick. It was really fun watching her sing and strum at about a million miles an hour. Quality was good for a beginner and could be used as a travel guitar.
Nut to 12th fret is 29.0 cm (11 3/8"). Nut to saddle is 58.2 cm (22 15/16").
It says 3/4 in the title so this is going to be smaller than a full-size guitar. Good for kids or ladies who do not want a full size guitar.
You need to buy a classical guitar strap. There are many styles available from Amazon. The Hook is attached to the Guitar's hole from the bottom. The other end goes on your neck.
I would believe that for the price it is laminate...but don't let that scare you away. I bought one for my niece and every time I visit I ask her if I can play it. I've been playing for 20 years and I really enjoy playing it!
World Tour Acoustic Guitar Padded Gig Bag for 3/4 Size Guitar by World Tour
It would be ok for a teenager. I had it with me when I was on trips...
It is supposed to. But I can speak from experience, if you have a NEX body type G Series, it will not fit snug (the shape is not right).
It fits my G model. Albeit a bit tight. The advertisement states that it fits all G series guitars. So in going to go with "Yes!"
It is not designed for that one, fits but you'll have to push it. I wouldn't do it.
I have a GC 440 NEX. It fits fine. That's all I can tell you. I believe NEX bodies are all the same dimension. But I can't be sure.
I saw a EF341 for sale with a matching GC1128T case. I don't know the difference between the 1128 C and T but I think they're probably the same case. G models and F are dreadnaughts so that is another clue. That's all I know. If you're really indecisive give Takamine customer service a jingle. If I were you I'd be thinking of getting a better case for that investment. The 1128 is a decent case but it's not going to protect the axe from rough treatment ala airline baggage handlers or the like. I bought mine for a G 440 which is a less expensive instrument than yours.
yep, it fits all dreadnaught and nex body takamine ( and possibly other company) guitars.
Does the guitar fit in the case? What is causing it not to close? If it has nothing to do with the size of the guitar I would order a replacement. It may just be out of alignment or a faulty clasp. Remember it should fit snugly, no wiggle room for the guitar is best. Hope this helps.
Are you pushing hard because the guitar is too tall in the case and the latch won't close? Or is it because the lid is very snug-fitting on the bottom portion of the case? Mine is the latter - but it's easy enough to close by just pushing inward on the lower part of the case, gently near the handle, where the lid overlaps until it is fully closed. It's snug, for sure, but it closes no problem. If, on the other hand, you're pushing down forcefully on the lid (and compressing your guitar) like an overzealous suitcase packer - sitting on it to get it zipped up? Something's wrong.
Hey, I did not really measure it with the ruller but I have a Takamine G series with cutaway and it fits there very snug. I kinda like it this way because it is wabbling around in the case. So it is just right for my guitar. Sorry if I could not be of much help
Not sure. Mine is a EG430S-WR model. It's snug, but it probably needs to be. I emailed takamine and they told me which model to get. Responded in just a few days. Very nice to work with.
No....
Yes
Yes, it has flat - angled 3 pin plug.
Honestly I don't know the answer to that...I am only using it for a home recording studio...I can tell you it did a number on my Lenovo computer...I can't hear it at all anymore...
When a surge hit my house this unit cut power to all the connected DVDs, tv, a/v units, etc. You can reset the unit with the front button.
I have has this unit for about 3 years...protecting my computers, etc. I has shut down during a surge. No equipment has been damaged as a result of having this APC unit in place.
Yes I bought that guitar and case off Of amazon and it fits perfectly and has a key to lock it!!!
Yes it fits but the quality control sucks. The latches on mine do not line up and need to be latched in a certin order or it won't latch up. Order from a brick and morter and test latches @ the store.
I have a Takamine EG524SC and it fits perfectly
interior 44x17x6
No
My Takamine 12 string is 4 1/4 inches thick on the body (not including the height of the strings). The narrowest part of the body is 10 1/2 inches. The widest part of the body is 17 1/8 inches. The body is 20 1/2 inches long. It fits the case just fine. It might be able to handle a slightly thicker bodied guitar. It is a great case and protects the guitar greatly.
Brown
I viewed your guitar model on the net and it looks like it is a dreadnought shape, though there was a photo of another one with a cutout. Based on the apparent shape of your guitar, in either case, I do not think that your guitar will fit in this case, which is supposed to be for a jumbo guitar. You can read my answer (from G-Man) to the fifth question regarding this case, which has more detail, including measurements, which may help. My other suggestion is to contact Takamine customer service; give them your model; and ask which Takamine case they would recommend. While it is always best if you can try out a case in person to see if the guitar fits well, I understand if you are unable to find a case in a local shop. Hope this helps.
My EG523SC12 fits quite snuggly. Your jumbo should also I would think. This case is not a true travel case i.e. I'd never check it on a plane trip. You need a special travel case for that.
Your instrument is a dreadnaught so you need a different case. The GC1124G only fits a jumbo.
I'm not sure why people say Bose don't like to talk about decibels or watts, perhaps people selling Bose don't, because you actually have to understand what it means. One reason I took so long to buy a Bose L1 Compact was because my hype detector sounded when music shop assistants said it broke or suspended the laws of physics - nothing does. Search "Bose L1 Compact technical data" and you can download a pdf from Bose which gives the dB output as 106 continuous, 112 peak, the wattage as 130 RMS at 0.1% distortion plus other info such as the input gains. To compare, you have to think more like a hi-fi geek than a pub muso. Output depends on amplifier watts, speaker efficiency, signal match and the frequencies at which you measure it. It is quite possible to put together a 100 watt system that is as loud as another 1000 watt system. How does it compare? Well most affordable PA amplifiers I can find data for, if they give the rated output distortion at all, it is over 5% and might never perform as low as 0.1% distortion even if everything is optimal. So you can be running the Bose full out and still be getting good quality sound with distinct separation between instruments. Two examples: a noisy Irish pub on St Patrick's day about 30 m square; keyboard, drum machine, rhythm guitar, fiddle and harmony vocals all going through one bose l1 compact - clear vocals and everything else, including bass, in all parts of the pub; A school fair in a field 100 by 150 metres - a clear, full-range sound in all parts of the field, and far clearer and louder than my old 600 watt (it says so on the amplifier!) which I had to bring along because I was leaving early and taking the Bose with me. Cost? A few factors: it's cheaper than my amateur photographer friends would expect to pay for a camera and a couple of lenses, than a hif fi enthusiast would pay for a system just to listen to, never mind earn from, than just one of the drummer's kits and any of the guitarist's or bassist's guitar/amp combinations, never mind pedals. I bought my car with the old 6 (relatively small) box PA/monitor system in mind, if I had the Bose then, I could have bought a significantly smaller, cheaper car. I keep my pub duo partner's keyboard at my house and can now load/unload Keyboard, guitar, lights (KAM Partybar) plus cables, mic stands etc in 3 trips on my own, fewer with help. After midnight post-gig, that's worth every penny. The adage goes "Small size, good bass, cheap price - you can only have two out of three) I've used the Bose for bass guitar, to the satisfaction of big and small band members. My relatively cheap, relatively old Casio stage piano sounds more like a piano than through any other amplifier. And now I spend more money and energy on music, less on gear. Caveat - because of the quality, what you put in is what you get out, you will need your playing and microphone technique in shape to sound your best. Because it combines foldback and main function, singers are pleased to hear themselves well, but some instinctively back off as they are used to balancing their vocals through indistinct or non-existent foldback. Although with adaptors or cables you can plug up to 6 line signals in - you can use all the line inputs simulaneously and I have run a mixer into the XLR mic input with no problems - it only has one mic input. If it had even a simple 4 channel mixer I wouldn't need to use an external mini mixer for almost all my gigs. I did also pick up a simple inexpensive 3 way passive XLR combiner which made some gigs simpler. Personally I think a Bose compact and a decent mic should be the minimum any singer should have, especially if they also play an instrument. I think two would probably do for up to 250 people (or up to 500 for conference hall settings) in all but the most raucous settings and be less hassle than an L1 and separate bass bin. One makes an effective sidefill monitor. There are cheaper systems and I would never recommend that anyone spend money they don't have. The ones I have seen are either heavier, lacking in bass or clarity, and/or needing extra stands or cables. Trust me, manufacturers of cheaper gear can be far more obscure about specs than Bose and my "adventures in making do with cheaper gear" could fill a slim book.
It has several configurations that should work. We use a cordless mic setup on the mic XLR plug and use a 1/4" stereo from our computer. There is also on the same channel a 1/4 mono plug-in for an a guitar set-up. All in all, we are very pleased with the unit. It has done a wonderful job for 50-200 seating areas. The sound quality is so superior that it actually makes us sound so much better.
I use A&H Zed 10 main mix L & R outputs to 2 Bose L1 Compacts. When I had 1 compact I used L main Mix output only. My mixer works great. I don't know for sure if size of mixer would be a factor. You can also pose question on Bose Compact Blog. Jeanne
Sure but if you're asking relative to playing thru the L1 Compact I would advise no- simply because the addl power required to make it carry along with component connectivity issues make it unadvisable.
Six speakers on one tower and two extensions. Three towers in total.
Absolutely! Our local Brew Pub uses it for a full 5 piece band! You will not be disappointed!
My suggestion is to use an external mixer with reverb and come out of mixer into input on the Bose L1 Compact. There is no internal reverb or any way to add it. A reasonable priced one a 4 channel mixer for $89 is Behringer Eurorack UB1002FX 4-Channel Mixer. If you have a mixer already just come out of the line out and run a line cable to the Bose L1 and switch it to line input instead of instrument.
I think they make an adapter. I made one for my self
If you've got money to burn, then go all out and get a L1 Model 2 with the biggest sub. The Compact won't cut it. Otherwise, save yourself a ton of cash and just get an SWR Bass amp. They sound incredible and it won't cost you what a Bose will.
Not exactly bags, the speaker itself has a canvas cover and the stands come inside a cavas closed bag, anyway what I have done with my ones was to make a hard closed case with wheels which protects the item very well and makes more easy its transportation.
Mine included a cloth one.
No it does not
Hi Scott yes you can. you may need to use the built in phono pre=amp to do it, but it should work, try it with the usb first
Yes it does.
Hi, I believe it is Moving Magnet - MM - the Moving Coil cartridges tend to be very expensive - at least the majority of them, from my experience. Please let me know if you have any other questions. My very best, Jennifer Millennium Worldwide
You shouldn't need a separate preamp since most modern turntables already have preamps built in. So if you want to buy one just in case, do so but it shouldn't be needed.
Yes you can with the included software but you have to first save the record music as a audio file then transfer that file to a cd... The software lets you remove the "pops" if you want... If you're interested in improving the sound on you MP3 file they sell better software in the internet... Hope that helps you make a decision
It includes a cloth cover ,only.
I do not have the turntable set up for recording on my computer. I would think the system will be okay, but you will want some third party software to record with.
Unfortunately, we are unable to ship any of our Amazon orders outside of the United States.
Yes, this is compatible with your microphone.
Dear Carmen, this tape has latin music, for example themes about Juan Gabriel, Rocia Durcal, mexican music, Pedro Infante.
Yes
Remove the cover were you select tv or hdtv, make sure the direction on the chip is the direction you install it on the machine.
HELLO YES IT WORKS
Very easy you turn magic sing off and just plug it into the slot and you're done
Yes
I have Et15K but i think is compatible with ET 13k
No it dindn't work
Hi, in this page you can read what models are incompatile: http://www.magicsing.org/magic-sing-spanish-song-chip.html Remarks:Incompatible with: * AnySing Gold Mic *Silver "Magic Sing" Mic *Silver "Enter" Mic *Black 3 Slots Mic I hope it help you
H-1 3/4" W-4" L-17" without rack mount L-18" with rack mount
I haven't taken it apart so i can't be positive but i don't think there is anything but switches and a fuse inside. I should tell you i am very unhappy with mine. I have to nurse several of the switches to get them to come on. I gave it a very poor rating for this reason. I wish i had bought something else
I can't remember if the rubber feet were installed from factory, but they are easy enough to remove. The main issue with rack mounting this unit is the placement of several screws on the bottom front edge of the faceplate. They stick out so much that mounting another item directly under is nearly impossible. I ended up removing several of the screws and using a little force to make it happen.
I bought this TT (not from Amazon) and am very unhappy with the sound quality. All those 5-star reviewers must have very forgiving ears or none at all! This thing changes the volume as it plays, it misses some frequencies, and although unnoticed by most, the rotation speed is also unstable leading to notes going out of tune. A lot of its problems are due to the cheap stylus used. Not sure if replacing it with a better needle is the solution since this unit has many other design flaws. Unless you only listen to "bang-bang" rock music on low-bitrate MP3s and never bother with classical music, this device may work for you. The software issues are irrelevant. With Windows Plug&Play device driver setup you can totally skip installing the programs on the accompanying CD.
Yes you can. This deck has a USB cable and two RCA cables. You can plug the cables into you receiver's or amplifier's line inputs. An older piece of equipment might have phono inputs. Do not connect this turntable into the phono inputs as the pre-amplified signal might damage you amplifier or receiver.
After installing the ION software on your computer, and connecting the turntable (USB), you will be able to play your vinyl records through your computer sound system, and copy the music onto your hard drive in MP3 format. From there you can copy the MP3's onto a CD that should work in any CD player.
The ability to "pause" is a software function. Audacity works well and you should have the normal functions of STOP, PAUSE, RECORD. You may want to read the other User Remarks before making a buying decision. The system works well for my purposes.
Yes. During setup there are several options presented to you and one of the options is converting your music to mp3 file and where you want to save the files.
I did the same thing. Did not need a disc
you have to change your audio input settings to USB in your "Sound" panel under System prefs.
I wish I could help, but I haven't had the problem. Stay after Ion until they offer a valid solution to your problem or replace the turntable. One thing you could do is make sure the turntable is level. Hope this helps.
14 inches deep. 16 1/2 wide. But when you lift the top it tilts back so plan 15 inches deep.
On the ION website, the "EZ VINYL TAPE CONVERTER" software works on OS X 10.4 through 10.10 (INTEL only)
I do not believe so. I was unable to get the crossover on the NU3000 I purchased to work and the sub would therefor would try to play full range sound. After much trouble with Behringer Tech Support I ended up returning both items. I love the two B215d's that I have though.
Hello Gabriel, In regards to your question concerning the VP 1800, I also have the 1800 and I use the Behringer Super-X Pro CX2310 Crossover which has a dedicated subwoofer output. This crossover performs well and is also reasonably priced.
8 ohmns
No. The manual on the website states it only provides a 1/4 sub-out for an active subwoofer.
Passive...
Yes. Two each per channel would give you a 4 ohm load per side. You will have to run the amplifier in the stereo mode. That amplifier is stable to 2 ohms. You should have good results.
No not at all
Make sure ur mixer is a 'powered' mixer because ur subwoofer is NOT a powered speaker, (meaning-it doesn't have a power button to turn ona and a input slots to Connect a keyboard or guitar, and volume) so you need to connect the powered mixer (if it is one) to the woofer.. Is The amp just a powered amp? Or does the amp have equalizers and volume and treble and bass controllers? If the amp has all of these controllers, then you do not need The Powered mixer.. If the amp has or have not controllers you can still use the mixer (powered or not) to enhance the sound. YOU CANNOT CONNECT A NON POWERED MIXER TO A NON POWERED SPEAKER.. Either the mixer have to be a powered mixer or the speaker have to be a powered speaker. 1-So connect first the equipment your using, to the mixer (example) bus 1 input. 2-Then cord out from mixer out to Amp going to input slot, 3-Then on the (out slot) send a cord from there, out slot to the subwoofer. You should be good..
I don't think it will. Plus you need to make sure you are matching the ohm rating. Get a beringer inuke 3000. They are priced great and work very well. I have used them with my subs many times.
It has two inputs
It comes with a Pedal. Doesn't come with a bench or stand. Though, it is a heavier piano, so if you do purchase it, I recommend getting a Z stand and not an X Stand. :) Still, for an electric keyboard, its tone is unmatched for the money in my opinion. Still use it very often.
It measures out to about 52.5 inches.
It does have two 3.5 audio-out jacks (they are not mini jacks like phone jacks, you might need adapters) and the manual says you can plug two headphones in at the same time. I have never personally tried this though.
Yes to both. It has inboard speakers (OK, not great) and audio outputs for an outboard amp.
Yes
I am small and it would be very cumbersome for me! It weighs 41 lbs. and you probably saw the dimensions 52-1/2" x 5-1/2" x 13-13/16". My husband and I agree "cumbersome" is a very good word for what it would be to carry! We're used to hauling amps and guitars back and forth but not so much with keyboards.
I have a Yamaha P155. Without having direct experience of the answer to your question, I guess Yamaha would most certainly honour their warranty, provided the reasons are legitimate. They are a reputable company and manufacture excellent products including the P155 which is amazing value for money. I would be interested to hear how you get on. Good luck. MF
@ Marc J This piano comes with its own AC adapter, I've had this piano for about six months now and it's incredible how good it is
The power adapter that came with mine is model PA-300C, rated 100-240 VAC, 50/60 Hz, 45 W
Two acoustic pianos, two electric pianos, two organs (jazz & church), two or three strings (sorry, it's currently where I can't get to it easily), two basses (electric & acoustic), clavinet, harpsichord, maybe one or two I'm forgetting. Not a lot, but solid samples.
NO, this is for drumset. You need a concert snare stand for stand-up playing. Yamaha does make them. LIke this: http://www.amazon.com/Yamaha-Concert-Height-Snare-Stand/dp/B0049Z4YKE/ref=sr_1_6?ie=UTF8&qid=1416182505&sr=8-6&keywords=yamaha+snare+stand You could also try a cymbal stand base, if you have one already, try putting the snare top in it?
It sits very low however i never use it that low.when i initially put it together it sat real low when you put it all the way down
I don't have a 15" snare, so I can't say for sure but I believe it will. I opened it to it's greatest extent and it went well beyond the 14". It might be snug but I think it'll fit.
Approximately 7/8 ".
I'm not sure, I think so. I use it for a Yamaha Digital Drum Pad machine (http://www.amazon.com/YAMAHA-DD55-General-Digital-System/dp/B00005T3J8/ref=cm_cr_pr_product_top). I believe it's adjustable but you may want to confirm.
drum set height
Yes, I use one to hold up a 12" rack tom.
Yes. I have the dd65 and it works perfectly.
I use mine to hold a Korg Wavedrum which is 13.5 inches. The stand is very adjustable so you should be OK with the 11-inch.
around 2ft
Yes it will. I've used them with an Obey 40. The 4bar can be used in 3 channel mode with a simpler unit like an Obey 4, where each pod does the same but with independent color control, or in 15 channel mode, with a larger controller like the obey 40, where you have independent control of each pod .
They have 108 LEDs and the tripod is included.
If by "square clusters" you mean the individual fixtures with all of the LEDs in them, and not just groups of LEDs within a fixture or fixtures, then the chances are better that it's a bad connection to the affected fixture. It's VERY unlikely that ALL of the LEDs in a particular fixture would go bad at the same time. See if you can disconnect the defective fixture and do a continuity check on both ends of the connecting cable. You may be able to make an easy repair to the cable or connection. Other than that, I doubt that you can buy just a fixture to replace a defective one. These lights work great but are very cheaply built. If they last beyond the warranty period you shouldn't expect much more. I had a red/green laser display from the same manufacturer and when the red laser stopped working I called the manufacturer and was told that if the warranty had expired it would be cheaper to buy a new one than to repair the bad one. Luckily for me my problem was just a bad connection to the red laser.
4Bar Flex
Yes. Comes with a nice case. These lights are awesome!!
No
Not exactly. One of the pedals on the foot controller will cycle through all the preset "scenes" changing each time you step on it. There is also a blackout pedal. The third pedal turns on the built-in microphone and the lights are supposed to cycle through the factory "scenes" in time with whatever music the mic is picking up, unfortunately the mic is so sensitive that even on it's lowest setting the slightest sounds cause the lights to change. This has made using the built-in mic pedal rather useless in a live band or DJ setup because almost any SPL above say 80db causes the lights to frantically move through its "scenes" so rapidly that it's very distracting and impractical for any real world applications. However I have been able to use the pedal with our band in a similar way that you describe. When we're playing music I set one of the pedals to slowly cycle through it's scenes, when we end a song I hit the blackout pedal and when we need to talk to the audience between songs I have the third pedal set on pure white light (or whatever color you choose beforehand). I just cycle through these settings throughout a typical set. So, in a sense the pedal can do what you describe, but you're limited to just one "scene" for the entire pedalboard, there are no memory banks to recall different scenes at will. If you want to change anything you have to do it manually, one click at a time on the pedalboard. When you hit a different pedal (i.e. Blackout) you can only go back to the same previous setting you were using before when you step on another pedal. Hope this helps!
Somewhere between 7 and 8 feet
hmmmmm........good question..............I honestly haven't used it much as we were at the end of the season for playing outdoor venues when I purchased it. We are playing tonight and I plan to set it up..................I can check that out.
Yes, and carrying case.
It is easily straightened by clamping one end in a vise and twisting 3-4 twists per inch with pliers or vise-grips while pulling it straight.
Yup, its a little bit on the heavy side but I use it for all my planes that only need short pushrods. FT Bloody Wonder, FT 3D etc.
Mines weighing 3.8oz and ive used a few feet, so I'd imagine you'd be correct with your calculation of 4oz. Hope this helps.
Its rigid wire. I don't know if it would hold up on a rc plane though.
I'm not a mechanical engineer, but based on the specifications given in the description, I would say it depends. According to the description: Tensile strength - 303-333 ksi (min. - max.) Tensile Strength Max 335000 PSI Outside Diameter 0.051 inches So, the two tensile strengths are in slight disagreement. If you go with the lower value for safety, then it supports 303ksi (which I'm assuming means kilopounds/square inch). With a diameter of .051 inches, that works out to a cross section of: pi * diameter = 3.14 * .051 = .16 square inches Assuming tensile strength scales linearly with the cross section (it probably doesn't), then the total amount the wire should be able to support before failing is roughly: .016 square inches * 303 kilopounds/square inch = 48 kilopounds Which is far more than necessary to support 500lbs. The "depends" part comes from the fact that I'm not an engineer, and don't fully understand the forces at work. Be careful, and don't use it for anything safety-critical unless you get a real engineer to evaluate it!
No, it is about as big around as the lead in a number two pencil
Yes. It must certainly can. I have kept my application clean and dry and have had no issues. I will apply a light coat of oil if I need to store for any length of time in the garage or shed.
This wire can be used for a Single note on some pianos. You have to measure the diameter of the wire and compare them. The lower notes have additional wire wrapped around them and this wire will not work unless you happen to have the means to perform the wrapping.
I am guessing that it is a trade secret. However, it is high carbon steel and can be tempered, like a fish hook. We use it in picture framing for holding 3-d objects in place in shadowbox framing. We use polyolefin heat shrink tubing over the exposed ends so as to not damage the object being framed.
This is a very bendable wire, but strong.
It is easily straightened by clamping one end in a vise and twisting 3-4 twists per inch with pliers or vise-grips while pulling it straight.
Yup, its a little bit on the heavy side but I use it for all my planes that only need short pushrods. FT Bloody Wonder, FT 3D etc.
Mines weighing 3.8oz and ive used a few feet, so I'd imagine you'd be correct with your calculation of 4oz. Hope this helps.
Its rigid wire. I don't know if it would hold up on a rc plane though.
I'm not a mechanical engineer, but based on the specifications given in the description, I would say it depends. According to the description: Tensile strength - 303-333 ksi (min. - max.) Tensile Strength Max 335000 PSI Outside Diameter 0.051 inches So, the two tensile strengths are in slight disagreement. If you go with the lower value for safety, then it supports 303ksi (which I'm assuming means kilopounds/square inch). With a diameter of .051 inches, that works out to a cross section of: pi * diameter = 3.14 * .051 = .16 square inches Assuming tensile strength scales linearly with the cross section (it probably doesn't), then the total amount the wire should be able to support before failing is roughly: .016 square inches * 303 kilopounds/square inch = 48 kilopounds Which is far more than necessary to support 500lbs. The "depends" part comes from the fact that I'm not an engineer, and don't fully understand the forces at work. Be careful, and don't use it for anything safety-critical unless you get a real engineer to evaluate it!
No, it is about as big around as the lead in a number two pencil
Yes. It must certainly can. I have kept my application clean and dry and have had no issues. I will apply a light coat of oil if I need to store for any length of time in the garage or shed.
This wire can be used for a Single note on some pianos. You have to measure the diameter of the wire and compare them. The lower notes have additional wire wrapped around them and this wire will not work unless you happen to have the means to perform the wrapping.
I am guessing that it is a trade secret. However, it is high carbon steel and can be tempered, like a fish hook. We use it in picture framing for holding 3-d objects in place in shadowbox framing. We use polyolefin heat shrink tubing over the exposed ends so as to not damage the object being framed.
This is a very bendable wire, but strong.
It is easily straightened by clamping one end in a vise and twisting 3-4 twists per inch with pliers or vise-grips while pulling it straight.
Yup, its a little bit on the heavy side but I use it for all my planes that only need short pushrods. FT Bloody Wonder, FT 3D etc.
Mines weighing 3.8oz and ive used a few feet, so I'd imagine you'd be correct with your calculation of 4oz. Hope this helps.
Its rigid wire. I don't know if it would hold up on a rc plane though.
I'm not a mechanical engineer, but based on the specifications given in the description, I would say it depends. According to the description: Tensile strength - 303-333 ksi (min. - max.) Tensile Strength Max 335000 PSI Outside Diameter 0.051 inches So, the two tensile strengths are in slight disagreement. If you go with the lower value for safety, then it supports 303ksi (which I'm assuming means kilopounds/square inch). With a diameter of .051 inches, that works out to a cross section of: pi * diameter = 3.14 * .051 = .16 square inches Assuming tensile strength scales linearly with the cross section (it probably doesn't), then the total amount the wire should be able to support before failing is roughly: .016 square inches * 303 kilopounds/square inch = 48 kilopounds Which is far more than necessary to support 500lbs. The "depends" part comes from the fact that I'm not an engineer, and don't fully understand the forces at work. Be careful, and don't use it for anything safety-critical unless you get a real engineer to evaluate it!
No, it is about as big around as the lead in a number two pencil
Yes. It must certainly can. I have kept my application clean and dry and have had no issues. I will apply a light coat of oil if I need to store for any length of time in the garage or shed.
This wire can be used for a Single note on some pianos. You have to measure the diameter of the wire and compare them. The lower notes have additional wire wrapped around them and this wire will not work unless you happen to have the means to perform the wrapping.
I am guessing that it is a trade secret. However, it is high carbon steel and can be tempered, like a fish hook. We use it in picture framing for holding 3-d objects in place in shadowbox framing. We use polyolefin heat shrink tubing over the exposed ends so as to not damage the object being framed.
This is a very bendable wire, but strong.
It is easily straightened by clamping one end in a vise and twisting 3-4 twists per inch with pliers or vise-grips while pulling it straight.
Yup, its a little bit on the heavy side but I use it for all my planes that only need short pushrods. FT Bloody Wonder, FT 3D etc.
Mines weighing 3.8oz and ive used a few feet, so I'd imagine you'd be correct with your calculation of 4oz. Hope this helps.
Its rigid wire. I don't know if it would hold up on a rc plane though.
I'm not a mechanical engineer, but based on the specifications given in the description, I would say it depends. According to the description: Tensile strength - 303-333 ksi (min. - max.) Tensile Strength Max 335000 PSI Outside Diameter 0.051 inches So, the two tensile strengths are in slight disagreement. If you go with the lower value for safety, then it supports 303ksi (which I'm assuming means kilopounds/square inch). With a diameter of .051 inches, that works out to a cross section of: pi * diameter = 3.14 * .051 = .16 square inches Assuming tensile strength scales linearly with the cross section (it probably doesn't), then the total amount the wire should be able to support before failing is roughly: .016 square inches * 303 kilopounds/square inch = 48 kilopounds Which is far more than necessary to support 500lbs. The "depends" part comes from the fact that I'm not an engineer, and don't fully understand the forces at work. Be careful, and don't use it for anything safety-critical unless you get a real engineer to evaluate it!
No, it is about as big around as the lead in a number two pencil
Yes. It must certainly can. I have kept my application clean and dry and have had no issues. I will apply a light coat of oil if I need to store for any length of time in the garage or shed.
This wire can be used for a Single note on some pianos. You have to measure the diameter of the wire and compare them. The lower notes have additional wire wrapped around them and this wire will not work unless you happen to have the means to perform the wrapping.
I am guessing that it is a trade secret. However, it is high carbon steel and can be tempered, like a fish hook. We use it in picture framing for holding 3-d objects in place in shadowbox framing. We use polyolefin heat shrink tubing over the exposed ends so as to not damage the object being framed.
This is a very bendable wire, but strong.
It's for both. The 12" speakers are very weak tho. I had to upgrade the speakers for the bass but still used the box. The box is great. Very loud and durable. Only thing is the 12" speakers. Nothing wrong with them, I just needed more thump than what those speakers put out.
You need an applifier. You will then plug your iPod into the amp and the amp will drive the speakers.
Like.a cross over. Or to hook a non working dwvice to a working device
the manufacturer raised their price.
P. S. you get two speakers for this price.
It says 1200watts but break it down to rms 500watts each..
$169 for set.
No
Small home parties or home theater system. I suggest the Peavey PR15 or the Thump TH15A. Well worth the money for a DJ system.
Sorry. I never tested them. But my friend had the same ones and they were amazing. Non-vibrating base.
My experience with the usb feature of this product went from frustration to a white hot desire to roll the entire unit under the first bus or 16 wheeler I could find.Turntable only has a preamp so the volume that puts out is marginal at best.Increasing my computers volume only distorted the sound.Had to experiment with connections/levels as my unit arrived without instructions. Audacity software provides many wtf moments . Manufacturer does not even list this product in their inventory.In the end I purchased a Sherwood amp and pair of Micca speakers and with these additions have a working turntable.If you are considering buying this product for the usb capability my advice would be to check other, higher end products.
I'll assume you've tried contacting Marathon and found them to be the retail version of an absentee landlord.Big box stores won't be of any help but I've found that with part in hand, smaller stereo equipment/home theater shops can replace or substitute any part you need.Good luck.
Wish I could help you but this company seems to keep a very low profile.Purchased my unit less than 2 months ago and it arrived minus instructions.Went to their website and this item not even listed in their product line.Sorry.
Yes it comes with a stylus
No it keeps going until you remove the needle or turn it off.
Yes.
The one I purchased did not.
This is a little kid's guitar. The body is tiny, the neck very narrow and the sound twangy. I had a hard time hitting chords because the neck was too small. For kids though, it's a perfect guitar. As for measurements, its 34" long.
Are you and adult? If so get a mini Taylor. I'm 5'11" average build and this guitar is small. It's my son's. I have a mini Taylor and regular , I only play mini
Many acoustic come with a bottom strap button only. Old school way is to tie a shoelace (or other such string) around the headstock under the strings and just above the nut. Google "how to put strap on acoustic" and you'll get stuff
Yes, it is made by Washburn.
5 no its for right
I did but I put the neck peg on myself. Very easy and the wood is good enough quality that it's nice and sturdy. Has survived both of my kids and several years of abuse. Great little guitar for the money. Twangy but what you'd expect.
It comes with steel strings. I suggest buying some better strings when you purchase it, but that's just my opinion. If you have high performance expectations like you'll get from a Martin or Takamine, you'll be disappointed. If you're looking for a decent travel size guitar that holds a tune, then you'll be fine.
You can play this mandolin with or without being plugged. When unplugged you have a loud and good sound depending on the picks and strings you use. When plugged to a 10 watt amp you fill ,let's say, a pub or a small hall with its sound, when you want to play in a concert hall you need more, of course. I use different picks for different songs and kinds of music, but you have to try out what suits you best. All in all it's a very nice instrument.
No. You can use it acoustically.
Guardian Cases CG-020-MA Mandolin Case is the one I bought for this. Perfect fit and nice hard case for the money. I was also purchased from Amazon.
Both the logo and the fish are gold
Short answer: Yes it was setup at the factory. However if you've never bought a new stringed instrument online you should read the long answer. Long answer: Every stringed instrument will require adjustments periodically due seasonal changes, aging, normal use, strain on the neck by continuous string tension, fret wear and other factors. This is also true after the extreme rigors of shipping. It had the standard factory setup when boxed, but likely has traveled at least halfway around the world since that time by land, air and sea passing through multiple freight hubs, climate zones and altitudes. Upon arriving it will likely benefit from some adjustments. Usually these are minor adjustments, however other times somewhat more than a minor tweak is needed and can even include fret polishing, leveling and truss rod adjustments all of which requires skill along with the proper tools. Often, but not always, a brick and mortar store will do these adjustments when unpacking a display instrument or when selling you one that is boxed from inventory. As part of the purchase process at a brick and mortar store arranging a setup including your choice of new quality strings is a good idea to negotiate as being included in the sale price. This service is part of the reason brick and mortar store prices are usually higher than online sellers. When buying a new instrument online with a few exceptions you usually get a box sealed ever since it was packed at the factory, usually this was in Asia. Therefore you will likely want to do some adjustments on it yourself or take it to a tech who you pay to do this for you. Whether you set it up yourself or pay someone to do it for you depends on your knowledge, experience, tool availability and confidence factor. You will also want better strings installed. It does come assembled with all the parts and some "starter" strings installed, but you may need to make some adjustments to suit your particular expectations of playability and tone. Almost everyone changes strings on new instruments to their choice of quality strings almost immediately. Instrument makers know this, so they use the cheapest possible strings they can find. Think of the factory strings to be "starter" strings or "tester" strings just to make sure it works. Almost without exception, any brand new stringed instrument will almost always play and sound much better with top quality strings. If you do take it to a luthier or a tech for a setup have a clear understanding of the charge for the basic service in advance and make sure they know to contact you in advance if anything is required beyond the basic service charge. These fees can vary wildly so know up front what it costs. It can be $25 or it can be $100. Different shops/techs charge different fees. A more expensive setup is not always better.
It is acoustic/electric with a uk-2000 pickup built into the side. You do not actually need the battery to run the pickups unless you decide to use them.
No. It has a regular 9v battery-powered, under-saddle piezo pickup, not a MiSi.
Yes. Oscar Schmidt is by Washburn. I have an OU7 and love it.
Dimitri and David W. have given you good dimension info. The image shown does not match the description of this uke. I actually ran in to this problem when I ordered one as a gift for my husband recently. I ordered from the image and was expecting an OU2T and received and OU2P that I had to exchange. The OU2P is the pineapple shape. The OU2T is the tenor body with a waist. You can see the difference between the shapes here: http://www.oscarschmidt.com/products/ukes/ I pointed out the error to Amazon and they have apparently not fixed it. :/
I actually got the guitar shape(same as the picture), I am selling mine on ebay. do you wanna look at it. is just like new and half price
Three nylon, one metal.
No. It does not. I suggest getting the Gearlux gig bag. It fits this uke perfectly and has a lot of padding.
Hello. I have an Oscar Schmidt OU4 tenor which measures 27 inches from stem to stern, and 17 and a bit along the length of the vibrating part of the strings. I also have a Kamoa Tenor uke with the same dimensions. I'm guessing that 23 inch is a concert. I recently got my Kamoa and very impressed. A spruce top and maple sides and back give it a warm sweet resonance. The Oscar Schmidt is a bit brighter and a little harsher sounding. Check out this website for sizing http://ukulelehunt.com/buy-ukulele/tips/which-size-ukulele/. Also look at the Kamoa website. Typically can get better pricing from local dealers. Good luck!
You should get the OU2T Tenor !! It's great for beginners AND pro's. I've only had to tune it once since I got it and I play it almost everyday. It has that cool island look and sound :)
yes it does have a truss rod......
Yes, this is a round neck.
No case. Just guitar.
Nope
Just the guitar. I bought a strap with a neck strap as it only has the bottom strap button.
It can be. There is a peg on the end of the body, but not one at the top. You'll need a strong string (like a shoelace) to tie around the head of the guitar, beneath the strings.
They are steel strings & they hold up nicely. In the 3.5 months we've had the guitar, it gets used about 120 minutes/week and haven't broken a string yet!
Gave the item as a gift and do not have it to measure
yes, it comes w/ 2 straps so you can also carry it like a backpack-great case-
Not sure - Do you have an instrument store where you live to check it out in person? I called Elderly Instruments in Lansing, MI and told them my make & model and they told me mine would fit.
It's a little bulky - 32" from end to end at the longest part, 14 1/2" wide and 5 1/2" deep. Great padding!
Sounds about right...tenor uses are pretty standard in size.....unless it is a thin travel tenor ....like the kala
I bought the Oscar Schmidt UC4 case for my Yamaha guitalele. It's a perfect fit. The case inside measurements are: length 27 3/4"; upper bout 7 1/8"; and lower bout 9 3/8". The depth is just right for the instrument allowing no movement but not too tight. The case closes normally. You cannot go wrong with this case.
If the Cordoba is a normal (Oscar Schmidt sized) or smaller sized tenor it should fit. Check and compare the bout diameters and body length. While I do not have a Cordoba tenor, I do have a lot of tenors. Most of my tenors fit in my UC4, several are tight but fit. A couple are over-sized and do not fit.
I've got the OU7TE tenor ukulele and it fits it like a glove. I would assume all the Oscar Schmidt tenor ukuleles are of like size, unless stipulated, so I think it would be fine.
I think you are asking for the inside measurements of the UC4 case. I would worry about the overall length of you 8-string and its body length. I posted the following case measurements previously and if you look at answered questions on Amazon's page for this case you'll see others have as well. The case inside measurements are: length 27 3/4"; upper bout 7 1/8"; and lower bout 9 3/8". The depth is just right for the instrument allowing no movement but not too tight. The case closes normally.
I wasn't sure if my particular tenor uke would fit either, so I contacted Oscar Schmidt with the exact model of uke I had. They responded within that week. Fortunately mine fit. I would contact them.
I am not for sure. But we got it for our 10 year old grandson who is small and it is perfect for him.
Either that or nickel, ask the seller
Im sorry but the FENDERS are WAYYYYYY better
Yes it worked for my 11 year old. Good size fir het ,clear sound,unespensive, just needs minor adjustments but good for a starter. Have it for over a year now and still going.
No it does not. Any normal size acoustic guitar case will hold this guitar because it is only a little bit smaller than a normal guitar.
Not alone. You would have to buy a extra button to attach on the top of the guitar before you could put a strap on because there is only one peg on the the guitar. To summarize, you can't put one unless you get a guitar button.
They Are made in China, but it is a good Bajo quinto. I have been having mine for about 8 months and so far it is still working really great.
a 'mexican' stringed instrument- the quinto, meaning 5, refers to the course of 5 double strings. so in effect it is a 10 string guitar type instrument but tuned differently. it is in effect a bajo sexto (6 courses of double strings, 12 strings altogether) minus one double course.
You can find some here on Amazon that are for acoustic guitars. If your looking for the traditional 3 piece micas set, I've seen them on Ebay.
Ghs
You are supposed to feed the string through the hole and feed the the end of the string the loop to make them lock at the bridge .. If I can email you a picture it would be much easier
The strings are steel and they are tuned starting from the thicker string A,D,G,C,F hope this answers your question
At its lowest adjustment the top of the stand is at 40".
Hi Legs That Need Shaving: I do not have a magnet to test the plate, but you really don't need any magnets. The stand has two spring loaded clips, one on the bottom of each side. They do a good job of holding things in place whether it be a single sheet or a book. It also comes with another (much heavier) spring loaded clip that attaches to the top and holds books in place. I have two of these stands and just love them. They are easily adjusted in almost any direction and you never have to worry about them tipping over because of the wide and sturdy base. Hope this helps.
Yes, without flinching.
Don't know. Sounds like a good idea. Otherwise, the Hercules stand is very well designed and very good quality.
I bought ours in December of 2012. The two pouches are different sizes, The inner one is longer and has less depth. I insert the keyboard music stand in ours. It is a snug fit. The outer pouch is slightly shorter and is deeper. I put the sustain pedal, the power supply, and an extension cord in there. We have not travelled much with this keyboard, just around Atlanta in a car. It has protected our Yamaha keyboard in good shape. The wheels are a great feature.
Though not familiar with your instrument I carry a Yamaha C-120 in mine and it is a very heavy, fully-weighted keyboard. I would think yours would work as well.
Yes mine does.
I am not familiar with this model but we use it for a Yamaha C-120 which is an older model with weighted keyboard, which I would assume is about maximum size.
mine is 54
I don't know if your P-105 is larger than my P-95 that is 11" wide and 2 1/2" deep, but my keyboard fits perfectly. I LOVE my Kace with wheels after years of lugging a keyboard or using a cumbersome dolly. Good Luck!
It's a great case for moving it from gig to gig by vehicle but it's not built for flying. It's not a hard case. I would suggest shipping in a heavy box with Styrofoam.
Yes they will! I interchange them on a lot of my guitars... The products are identical except for logos.
Best way is to do a search for your type of guitars and see where they have them installed. basically center bottom and tip of the closest body section as played.
The can be used, just know that acoustics strap button placement is important to the structural integrity of the guitar. Many acoustics do not come with strap buttons, so you could/should mount your own. In general the easy decision is to place the button on the neck heel. The tougher decision is placement of the button on the bottom of the guitar. If it has an internal pickup, then the end plug serves as a strap button. In general there is a block of wood at that end so you could mount a button there too. either way, before placement be certain the strap will not get hung up on anything after placement. So you need to pre-visualize the installation. BTW, these are great locks.
No
Package Includes - Six AL-WB Belt Pack Receivers with In-Ear Headphones One WB-6000 Wireless Transmitter with Wireless Headband Microphone
I never tried it on the mixer and I'm not sure. We use it as a single transmitter to 6 receivers.
That is a good question. I'm not sure if you can buy adicional receivers, you can ask them when you are ready to place an order. The use regular double A batteries and yes you can use rechargable double a batteries, not include it.
Hello, Unfortunately this unit does not have rechargeable capabilities. You can use standard AA rechargeable batteries, available at most electronics stores, but you cannot recharge the batteries inside the unit. Thanks for choosing Discount Audio!
You are correct, the Tour-60 System includes (1) WB-6000 Wireless Belt Pack Transmitter (1) HBM-TA4F Headband Microphone (6) AL-WB Wireless Belt Pack Receivers [with in-ear headphones]
Hello Brian, I have used this with good results for a bluegrass group. 6 mics and a direct connect to a ZED 10. Worked very well. Do not forget.This is for about 100 people.
It's multi volt so good globally!
Yes. You need separate power cord
Electric Guitar does not ship internationally.
Yes you can. There's a good wiring information following on the top of the unit. Good luck.
it is 110. regards
No, you need a small mixer for more than two inputs.
200watts
Hello. Bose does not allow their USA sellers to export their products. You would need to find a Bose dealer in your area.
That has to be purchased separately. This is the one I use. http://www.amazon.com/DBX-Driverack-RTA-Condenser-Microphone/dp/B0002DVCAM/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1386885150&sr=8-1&keywords=dbx+rta-m
In the library not include QSC K10 speakers, but you can compare this speakers whit one similar of the list, I have Cerwin Vega speakers and use one presets of factory
IF THEY ARE POWERED YES
It should but there may not be presets for it, which is not a big deal. In in such a case you won't be using the internal crossover. All other features are available though. Depending on your application they make a different DriveRack product for powered monitors also.
Yes its.FROM.USA!
You have to use this to split the signal first then to the amps and speakers. Do not use this to cross over after Amps.
This is a PA+. Description actually says "2x6" wich means 2 inputs 6 outputs.
Get rid of the BBE. The DBX will make a world of difference. It does what you want the bbe to do, but better.
110v o 120 voltios
That is the PA+
Yes, the instruction booklet comes with a diagram with six sample settings. Delay, Chorus, Vibrato, Self Oscillation and Reverb-like Delay. The Delay and Chorus come through stronger than the reverb and vibrato, but all can be adjusted to pretty much accomplish the sound your after. It takes some time to learn what knob to adjust, and I keep the diagram handy as an aid. Still, I feel its the best choice for the price. Hope this helps.
It comes with it my friend, you'll find it in the box.
That is correct - the maximum delay between your original note and the first echo will be 550 ms.
You can use the delay by itself or mix in the chorus or vibrato with the delay. You can also turn the delay down and use either chorus or vibrato. There is a selector style switch for chorus or vibrato and a control for the amount. You can get some nice sounds from the vibrato and echo running at the same time. For the price it is a nice pedal but beware, it is not true bypass, and will be noticeable in your signal chain. Especially if you are playing cleaner guitar styles. If you are going to use a lot of distortion or overdrive or fuzz you won't notice it and you can get some pretty good sounds out of it.
This unit uses unbalanced signals. Using balanced signals may create excess noise.
No - Iit doesn't. It is only a MIDI controller, and doesn't even have an internal tone generator. It makes no sound on its own.
I have heard that you can. Have you checked on Youtube? Haven't found too many things that are not on there.
Maybe this will help. http://www.musicradar.com/us/tuition/tech/the-beginners-guide-to-midi-controllers-179018
The software for this keyboard is only for MIDI mapping, not for recording or scoring. It sounds like you are looking for Sibelius or Finale or something like that. This keyboard can be used with those programs, but you will need to buy the software separately.
I took it outside the country on a plane in its original box with factory packing. Was just fine. If you need a hard case for gigs and stuff, then just get any.
Hi Nick, It is channel aftertouch, not polyphonic aftertouch. Let us know if you have any other questions. Pixel Pro Audio
There are only 2 quality midi controllers that are used by the professionals and high end users: Novation and Roland PCR-800. Roland model has 88 keys while the largest Novation has only 61 keys. They are both reliable. Roland is more expensive. However, its biggest problem is it is very difficult to use as reflected in users' reviews on Amazon. On the other hand, Novation units are much more user friendly due to its Automap software.
Countryman mics r great if u can swing the $$$
There are actually five frequencies, a seperate one for each microphone in the same venue. If you are only using one microphone, it doesn't matter which one you use. This will hook up to a powered speaker, but will need an amplifier for an unpowered speaker.
Use the mfg part number on your N2 and run it on Amazon search engine
It takes a 9v
as long as each headset/transmitted/receiver is on a different freguency, and a different channel in your mixer
Countryman mics r great if u can swing the $$$
There are actually five frequencies, a seperate one for each microphone in the same venue. If you are only using one microphone, it doesn't matter which one you use. This will hook up to a powered speaker, but will need an amplifier for an unpowered speaker.
Use the mfg part number on your N2 and run it on Amazon search engine
It takes a 9v
as long as each headset/transmitted/receiver is on a different freguency, and a different channel in your mixer
Countryman mics r great if u can swing the $$$
There are actually five frequencies, a seperate one for each microphone in the same venue. If you are only using one microphone, it doesn't matter which one you use. This will hook up to a powered speaker, but will need an amplifier for an unpowered speaker.
Use the mfg part number on your N2 and run it on Amazon search engine
It takes a 9v
as long as each headset/transmitted/receiver is on a different freguency, and a different channel in your mixer
You can use it directly into a self-powered speaker. Other than that you will need a sound board, amp, then speakers
you can use a mixer or a preamp. you should not plug this in directly to speakers
Yes. But there are better more economical options a available . This mic is very easy to blow up if you don't manage amplification properly.
I haven't used this particular mic, but I use one very similar at one of the locations I teach at. The extra weight/bulk on the headset does not get in the way when I do abs, because I generally don't ever lay my head flat. Even when I lay back to do some prone stretching, it has never bothered me. In fact, I've never thought of it. On the other hand, the weight takes a a little bit of time to get used to. I teach very high-impact aerobics (Turbo Kick, Zumba, HIIT). You'll have to make sure you fit it to your head properly, because if you don't, the weight on the back can displace the mic. I constantly have to adjust during class because of this. If it was a mic for only my use, I imagine it would be easier.
Just the frequency in which it communicates on.
Anything that has an audio input will allow this to provide audio in: a PC for digital dictation is the reason I purchased this item (voice recognition software was the problem, not the mic). This can also be used with an amplified speaker system: again, anything with a mic input or audio input. The only difference would be an adapter which would be available at best buy or radio shack for a few bucks if you don't have a mic input (already have adapter provided for that). So, being unfamiliar with the Sony unit you have, just confirm that a mic or audio input exists.
CHECK your other wireless devices. Your objective should be to make sure they do not have the same frequency of transmission. If this is the only wireless device you have then it does NOT matter which one you pick.
Yes, you can get 2 headsets and one receiver but not from our company. We don't offer the option because it would create a lot of unnecessary inventory and the headset is about $250 all by itself. In other words it doesn't make any sense for us to carry extra headsets when you can purchase the entire unit for $300. Keep in mind that our units are not only designed for standard use but also include adaptations so that they can be used for speech recognition. This is actually the worlds most accurate and most noise filtering speech recognition microphone besides being excellent with vocals and speech. PS: If you do decide to purchase, you might want to contact us privately at sales at knowbrainer dot comand we can make you a better deal. We have to pay Amazon and outrageous 15 points on the dollar
What do you mean "different speaker" I plug this mike in several sound systems. My Jazzercize instructor uses this mic and plugs into her amp.
You can use a hand held Mic with the Samson AirLine 77 you need a Samson AX1 transmitter and a Samson Q7 mic that are set at the same frequency as your Samson AirLine 77 and you can not use the headset mic at the same time as the handheld mic. Thank you Kim at Burlington Recording
Part goes over the ear and the bulk of the unit rests back on your neck. Fully adjustable so that your kids could wear it.
Dont think so. The headset's box needs to be plugged into a speaker, not blue tooth connection
If you have no other wireless equipment, then whatever you get should work fine. The only situation that could be a problem is if there is other wireless audio equipment in the building on the same channel.
Yes.The fitness headset can handle more moisture-perspiration.Tried both and have been using multiple units for over 10 years.
The Airline 77 (wireless instrument mic) takes 1 AAA battery.
2 wireless systems on the same channel will interfere with each other. You really want a separate channel for each wireless system.
I didn't. It was trial & error. The first one I got wasn't right, so I had to exchange it for another channel which turned out OK. Sorry I couldn't be of more help.
Samson's warranty is 1-year. Regards, Tim Brown | daleproaudio
That signifies the frequency of the wireless. If you are using more than one wireless at the same time at the same location they need to be different frequencies. If you visit the Samson website, you can find out exactly what frequency each one is at. Generally, unless you are using two or more at once, it shouldn't make much difference to you. However, due to interference from DTV and other RF (radio frequency) sources in your area--one might work far better than another. Determining interference in advance is complex and would take a review of FCC data bases along with a bit of wizardry. The best approach (the one I took), is to buy it and see if it works in your area. To test, turn on the reciever and turn up the volume--listen on headphones for any interference...then turn on the transmitter and see if you hear any problems. If all is clear, you are good to go. If you hear intermittent hisses and fps, return the unit and order a different channel.
Yes it has an Aux Input. I plug in my guitar and my MP3 through the Aux input, then headphones into the headphone jack. It works well and if you use the included UCA 222 interface that comes with it, you can hook it into a multi track recorder, mixing board or a computer to record what you're doing. Here is a link for the manual so you can do some research of your own. I hope this helps. http://www.behringer.com/assets/V-AMP%203_P0961_M_EN.pdf
Everybody seem to think that virtual amplification is less. In my opinion if you spend the time you'll get what you need with this unit. Its the best bang for the buck and easier to use. The tone of the V amp 3 is much better than its predecessors. It actually does a great job of articulating your playing being what it is. Its still not a tube amp but only a super tone snob could tell. You can do anything with it. Get a FCB1010 to go with it and look into a Ureaka E prom upgrade. I'm a thirty year veteran of guitar, bass, and a live sound man doing local circuit. you wont be sorry at a third the cost of line 6.
Yes they are in the headphones. It has a lot of features for both stereo and mono use depending on the application. I've had mine for a couple years now and I love it. The manual wasn't too helpful but the pdf file is great. Here is the link for that so you can do more research on it. I hope this helps!! :) http://www.behringer.com/assets/V-AMP%203_P0961_M_EN.pdf I hope this helps!! :)
I'm assuming it is to retain the user defined settings when the unit is turned off.
It depends on what you want to do with the iPad. I use my android phone with it, but just on the AUX channel, so I can play with the music I like. I believe you can do the same with an iPad. You just need a male-male cable to plug it in the aux. Also, there is no need of a PC. You can plug your headphones directly to listen while playing.
I have not encountered this problem on any preset setting. Is there any chance this is an actual acoustic echo from your output speaker through the instrument you are connecting to the affects amplifier? Try acoustically isolating you input instrument from your output speaker? Also, have you tried using headphones without your output amplifier turned on to see if the echo is present on that headphone output? If no echo in the headphone, you have some type of acoustic feedback going on.
You mean the reverb? Lower the reverb knob in the lower right?
Don't know - all I can tell you is that this equipment is a piece of JUNK. Hope this gives you a clue as to what I think of it.
We bought one for our son for his birthday and the thing quit working before the 90 day guarantee was up. Unfortunately we delayed contact to the seller Music 123, & got screwed out of $90 worth of "product." Piece of junk.
This one will do you quite nicely. http://www.amazon.com/Behringer-UCA222-U-Control-Ultra-Low-Interface/dp/B0023BYDHK/ref=sr_1_9?ie=UTF8&qid=1330118072&sr=8-9
No the system does not come with speaker stands.
Do not waste Your money , do not buy This product . Unfotunately I have 2 of these and they are both junk . One Speaker blew after just 7 uses . The customer service , warranty, and repair with anything behringer is a joke If you buy one of these you might as well buy 2. Or 3 cause you are gonna need them for parts Ck out the fender or yamaha units , they are much better
It weights around 45-50lbs however very easy to lift and put in a car because of the handles
I've actually been thinking about this, too. I haven't done this myself yet but the only way I see is to go through the tape out RCA outputs. From there you can feasibly go to another set of powered monitors...that's what I would try.
it does have a slight odor but I'm sure it will depend on the fluid used. I've not used mine inside a building but im sure it can be done mine has been used at football games with great sucess
It sounds like your pump went out. You can contact Chauvet about a replacement, our get the part number and find a replacement online somewhere, or there are companies that repair foggers, you can also try to clean your pump on your own, but make sure you are prepared to buy a new pump should that not work for you. To make sure my pumps don't get clogged up and to keep build up out of the lines, i run mine about every the months, and for cleaning, i just run some white vinegar through the system. This helps to clean gunk out of lines and heater block. It also brings the output back to what it was new, output decreases over time as it gets clogged up. If any more questions, please feel free to ask.
It really depends on the length of the burst that you use. We tend to use a two or three second burst every five minutes, and the tank lasts a LONG time. We have been running it for several hours every other weekend for the past several months, and it's just now below half full...
It sounds like your pump went out, but i am confused. Does it work with the remote but not with manual switch? That last part can make a difference. It seems like you are saying it works as long as the remote is hooked up. Please answer this, then we can move on to diagnosing. Thank you.
Manual shows Power Consumption: 1,328 W (11.2 A) max at 120 V
It's slow rising, but doesn't lay low for long, there's special fog fluid for low laying effect
How big is the hall? It puts out a good amount of smoke, if it is a typical lecture hall, meaning 100+ seats then I would say you should be fine but be careful as this is a powerful machine!
It does have to be plugged in to a power source.
I'm almost certain that it will! Use a high density fog fluid though. On a calm night I had this machine fill up a 1 acre piece of land. I'm not exaggerating either.. The fog stayed in the air for a while and eventually settled. My yard looked haunted. Eventually it started drifting into the neighbors yards. Very powerful machine
I have done this before without any issue. I am certain product manufacturers would advise against it but it worked just fine when I did it.
It comes with once set of sticks..roughly 2b...no seat, but does have the mix in to plug in any mp3 through headphone jack
no built-in speaker. you need headphones or some sort of powered monitor. computer speakers work well, especially one with a good subwoofer. if you can help it, don't use a guitar amp, the frequency response isn't flat enough for both bass drum and cymbal crashes. it will work, but it won't be great, except as an effect. there is an audio-in jack to plug an iPod or similar, and you will be able to hear a mix of the audio and the drums through the headphones or line out. very handy for practicing quietly.
High hat, crash, and ride cymbal. Forgive me but I don't know how much it weighs, but it isn't too heavy. It could fit in a large travel back if you want to disassemble and then reassemble..
Yes you can but you will need to purchase this cable: http://alesis.com/dm6cablesnake
It is 5 piece. The drums are what is counted with Alesis. The 2 cymbals and 1 high hat are included but don't count in the 5 piece description. This is a great set for this price. Spending 2 times more for a Yamaha or other makes no sense.
nope, you gotta have some type of amp with a speaker to plug it in to
http://www.alesis.com/components Try this.
Yes and NO. NO, because you don't have an extra connection on the controller. But you can use a splitter to use the same crash sound on 2 pads.
Having played on both kits (I have both), I prefer the DM6 for right out of the box performance. The SD5x has more on-board voices. however, it requires more in the way of set-up and I think the sound quality of the DM6 is superior. The pads are similar in construction and quality. Adjusting the sound parameters is much simpler on the DM6. ALSO and most important, the bottom line! The SD5X is at least 2x the cost of the DM6 while not offering any real appreciable extra value. I used both the SD5x and the DM6 for teaching drum lessons. I have owned the DM6 for well over a year and my drum students have varying degrees of skill. I have never had a single problem with the DM6 and purchased it at Costco for $199.99. I have had to replace a cymbal on the SD5x.
My son is 27 and 6foot 2 inches, and he has no problem playing his drums at all... hope this helps!!!
I run my Android phone to it from the phone's headphone jack. However, as I learned after purchasing the speaker, you cannot run the full (stereo) signal back to the Behringer. This PA is strictly mono, so the cable I use is like this: http://www.amazon.com/Cable-feet-3-5mm-Stereo-Splitter/dp/B0016LFN2C/ref=sr_1_3?ie=UTF8&qid=1384901986&sr=8-3&keywords=stereo+cable+to+rca You will have to also purchase an adapter like this: http://www.amazon.com/Hosa-Cable-GPR101-Inch-Adaptor/dp/B000068O3S/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1384902095&sr=8-1&keywords=adapter+rca+to+1+4+inch. There are two there, but since your Behringer only has one input, you'll plug one of the two RCA ends of your cord into the 1/4" adapter, and the adapter into the Behringer. You won't be getting a stereo signal, but with most music, you won't notice it unless you're an audiophile.
Since I don't know anything about what the sound source is, I would suggest turning the high-end down a little. I use mine as a floor monitor and I set the volume, treble, and bass all at 12 o'clock and then boost the signal from the mixer.
A wireless mic transmits signal to a receiver. Plug the receiver into this speaker, and it will work.
Depends on the job. Technically speaking one of these speakers has enough punch to be way more than audible in a medium theater (50'x40' stage, 300 seat house) at about 1/3 volume. I own three of these speakers that I use for my full DJ rig, but if there's some retreat, a beach party, a workshop day, or something that just needs a bit of ambiance music (requires only an iPod and some way to project the track) I'll bring one of these in and adapt 1/8 stereo to 1/4 mono through a DI box and the end result is fantastic. If you're DJ-ing indoor dance floors or something where coverage, volume, and quality are all concerns and your paycheck is one the line, then you'll probably want to go for two speakers to reduce dead-space on the floor.
Simply put, they are speakers that have built-in amplifiers. All you need is an ac outlet and a music source to get amplified music
If your receiver has an RCA output, you can connect via RCA wire with an quarter inch adapter, or a wire that has a male RCA to male quarter inch.
Male RCA to (Male XLR or Male 1/4").
Just happened to our speaker also :-(
Hi, make sure you have good quality cables, & try separating your mixer & your speaker power sources....You may be inducing a ground loop... -MT
Depends on how you define "well". theoretically , the answer is yes. Your mixer and these speakers are good enough for small venues but you are not going to get any real bass from these speakers
I'd tell them yes, they should serve fine as floor monitor in a small space. Turned up loud they can be a bit noisy (hissing), but overall they do the job just fine. We use ours in a loud environment at high volume and it performs just fine.
Yes, with a 3.5 mm headphone jack to a 1/4 in adapter
Information below is available on the Behringer website. http://www.behringer.com/assets/B208D_B210D_B212D_B215D_WebBrochure.pdf Frequency response 65 Hz to 20 kHz Crossover frequency 24 khz Sound Pressure level max. 113 dB SPL@ 1m
Yes
Yes, you can link or daisy chain any speakers that have a input and thru connection.
The B208D is an 8" woofer.
These are self powered speakers. No need for an amp
you would need a 3.5mm to 1/4 adapter
I personally would not use them for that purpose. However, can can get a 1/4 to rca cable
Sorry, nut I don't know. I am using it for amplified output of notebook computer, and it does a fantastic job.
Yes my ukulele has a satin finish, it sticks well most of the time. If your using it for practice its great, I would never use it for a live performance as every once in a while it will pop off randomly but usually only once or twice a session.
Yes
Yes, by just tapping it, with the amp turned on, and not attached to your instrument you should be able to hear the tapping. Make sure that you have plugged it into the INPUT of the amp not the output. This transducer is very sensitive and any sounds will definitely be noticed when attached to an amp.
Yes it works with rocksmith but might want to put a little tape on it to keep it on your guitar
Yes it sure would they sound gread and would work well for what u want it for
I have tried spit, gum and scotch tape; no glue, so as not to ruin the instruments. It still falls off. Not much of a pick-up. D
No
Yes
The keys are metal. Nice sound to them.
No
Yes it comes with two mallets.
I don't recall a songbook being included. I'm not sure if the company sells one. The product itself is wonderful and I have downloaded sheet music for some songs online for free. Hope that helps.
They aren't particularly easy to remove, for sure. It's possible you could pull on the metal/plastic tacks that are holding the keys in place in order to remove them, but light pulling doesn't do anything.
Yes. I have used it for years to clip onto the subjects' shirt or jacket. Works great. These do pickup some sound from the environment. If you're look for something more directional to not pickup environmental sound, you may want a reporter's mic like an MD42.
There aren't any adapters made for Shure TA4F lavaliers to fit onto 1/8" locking Sennheiser wireless. In order to use it, it would have to be stripped and rewired (should only be done professionally). RODE, DPA, and Que Audio all make lavaliers or headset mics that use a modular connection system that allows the connection to be unscrewed and another connector for another wireless system to be screwed on. You just buy the connector for the wireless that you want to use.
the G band is 566-608 MHz
This package includes 1 transmitter and 1 receiver. This package alone would not fit your needs.
The system includes one transmitter and one receiver.
Sennheiser has a frequency location service on their website. (http://en-us.sennheiser.com/service-support-frequency-finder) A B and G are separate frequency ranges If you choose the wrong one for your location you have a chance of getting UHF interference from local TV broadcasts.
Indeed it does. It's been a few years since I bought mine, but it came with a removable one as well as a belt clip on the transmitter.
It's mono. 1 mic I channel
You have to buy the energizer lithium batteries. They will last you about 15-20 hrs. Use for only one day of shooting, they dont hint at dying, they will stay at three bars and then go to zero in less than 5 mins at end of life
Hi TBC. I've never run more than 2 of these units at the same time, but I think as long as you set the frequency of each unit to a different available pre set frequency (there's a choice of many -- 20 or more?-- built in to these babies), you shouldn't have interference. Of course this supposes that the space where you're using them doesn't have native RF or frequency noise happening within any of the frequencies you set your units to. I have yet to get much external frequency interference or noise in the frequency ranges at which these units operate. Good luck.
I would say if it's a huge, huge house maybe not. A couple bedrooms should be no problem. Example I shot a wedding in a church. I was in the main area about 200 ft away and he was in 2 rooms over. His mic came through perfectly
the lapel mic is included
Yeah absolutely u I have a zoom for room audio and then I plug these straight into my dlsr. It's well worth the money the audio you get from this small mic is amazing
Almost certain you can - if it has a balanced 1/8th" terminal.
No. But I have recorded with numerous other digital recording devices with no problem. Th emit comes with adapter XLR and 1/8" adapter cables.
I have not used the 112's, but if you are gonna be using the mics daily, this is the one to get. It is very robust, and the syncing and sound quality make these worth every penny. I have used cheaper ones from shure and ev and these are much better.
These devices are unbelievably clean in any frequency. The only reason you would need to choose a particular one would be if you already have another one and want it to be compatible or totally different. Each device can be set to a variety of frequencies so you can keep away from interference. I advice you to change the default one to stay away from other sennheiser users, but other than that any model should be fine.
Your camcorder has XLR inputs. Straight into your camcorder from the receiver with the included XLR cable. Make sure phantom power on the camcorder is turned off. Start with line level in to see if you can get a proper level. If there is not enough juice, back off the output on the G3 and then try the mic level input on the camcorder.
There is one wireless lavalier mic, one transmitter, one receiver, and a that second transmitter that you plug into an xlr connector on your regular mic. You can only use either the lavalier and transmitter OR the second transmitter attached to a regular mic at a time or you would need another receiver. However, I have my Sennheiser e935 plugged into the second transmitter and that sends signals to the receiver which is attached to my Zoom h6n. I can also run other wired mics, instruments, keyboards etc. to the Zoom h6n but only one mic wirelessly via the Sennheiser transmitter. I don't know about your Zoom h4n but the h6n can handle 4 additional mics plus the Sennheiser transmitter.
The plug on transmitter is used in conjunction with your own microphone. It gives you the option to choose a mic that can deliver best performance for that specific situation.
The Set that I purchased came with a handheld mic transmitter AND the lav/transmitter. I did not get the case. I put mine in a travel shaving kit bag. Hope that helps.... for my usage, having both transmitters has saved me many times. Next I will get a 2nd Receiver so it will give me 2 mics for my camera inputs
yes it isthe receiver is connected to your camera
I believe it may just be the set of frequencies. not 100% sure though but i do know if you have a G3-A receiver you have to have a matching transmitter and/or mic attachment
The kit comes with a lav and yes you can use upgraded lavs if you wish. Yes, the receiver can be plugged into a mixer.
Yes it does
They are Great, It's good if you have two people in the video, and yes they do NOT interfere with each other - Definable HIGH quality! I would hold on to them both...
The transmitter, receiver, microphone, wire mesh cap for microphone, banana clip for microphone, 3/8 inch adapter for receiver, xlr adapter for receiver, 4 cheapo prepackaged AA batteries and a manual.
Sennheiser have been released microphone products for long time, and as a mark they have been build a great imagen about their products, and is real image, S G3 is a great microphone, i got a pair and works perfectly, in other way canon allways made image ( about i know) i 'm not shur about cannon sound quality, my best and good look.
Unless you are using an extremely large number of these units it should not be a concern.
Yes it does. There are several pieces in the box. The matched transmitter & receiver, the me-2 microphone attached to the cord which plugs into the transmitter, a wire mesh cap for the microphone, an attachment clip that you must slip on before the cap, and two audio cable adapters for the receiver - one 8th inch mini and one xlr, plus an adapter to mount the receiver to a camera hot shoe.
Yes it comes with short XLR cable (it is a 6in convertor cable so you will most likely need to buy a seperate one if you need length) as for the actors, yes you can mic both if you have the two mics and a camera/audio mixer capable of at least two XLR inputs. This set also includes the cable for DSLR cameras.
One is a transmitter, the other a reciever. The are easier to distinguish in person.
Triple A (AAA)
I do not know but you might contact the manufacturer for that information.
Yes
I have never tried more than one pair at a time. But my assumption would be that three distinct pairs would NOT interfere with one another because each microphone/receiver pair has a unique Bluetooth address; they're not designed to pair with anything else. However, any other kind of device operating in the 2.4Ghz band may potentially cause interference. You will have to experiment. Good luck, and let us know if your set up works out.
I had to buy an "iPhone 1/8 inch microphone adapter - 3.5mm 4 conductor TRRS Male to 3.5mm Microphone Input Jack". I got it from a company called kvconnection.com. That was the description on the invoice. Good luck!
you have to get a kv connection cable here http://www.kvconnection.com/product-p/km-iphone-mic.htm
i think all you need is external speaker jack. it works with my sony hd camera great!
As long as you have a mic-in port, it should work. Good sound too.
I don't believe a wireless mic will work with GoPro. When I was purchasing the Sony ECM-AW3 microphones last year I found that you need a "mic out" and unless something has changed, the GoPro models do not have this feature.
Compatible with any camera that has a 3.5mm microphone input
it is on the boat in storage but I would say about the size of your pinky finger
mine run off of a 4 pin molex connector out of the system power supply so I guess you could gang some molex and run as many as you want. I have 3 running right now. I have a windowside case and these lights are really cool !!
Yes.
Its 12v d/c so you can splice in a 12 volt power supply.
One set of 5 LED's
I have 2 white lights on my bicycle and the blue one under the aquarium hood that I built, neither one has had any problems with getting wet, they seem to be sealed enough to prevent water from entering the insides, I also read that people use them on their boats and they never shor out after getting splashed
I used it on my boat, Gives off a decent reflection . don't know how you would mount it because no bracket or holes to screw down. I glued mine in place
I don't think it did.
Solder it to your main positive and negative nodes on your motherboard. make sure the amperage and wattage are useable.
Unit has a negative & positive wire attached to connect to a 12v live or a switch. I only rate this unit 1 star but I rate the picture of it 3 stars !.
8 analog inputs, plus another 8 digital inputs through ADAT. It's a fine interface, I owned one for two years.
You can use the bundled control panel to route output sound.
Yes , 48 volt phantom power for XLR inputs 1 and 2 . I would use the BBE MaxCom for this Focusrite, it has no limiter like an Avid Mbox Pro. I have both and both work with Protools 9 on a Windows 7 machine , 2 hards drives, 3 gig ram and is dedicaded to recording with a firewire card installed. Good luck.
It has its own power supply. One weird thing about it is that it only turns off when you turn your computer off. And since my Mac is never shut off, this thing has been on since the day I bought it. Doesn't seem to be a problem though.
I think its new version and i don't think its from yamaha , i don't know what's the diffrence cuz i did't use yamaha before , and the saffare you asking for it's without live effects , there is version of its with effect calld : Safire pro 24 DSP thank u for asking and i hope u get what u want :)
No. The headphone jack on the front has an independent level from the monitors. You can either use the software that comes with it to mute the monitors when you need to, or you can do it manually and turn the monitor knob all the way down. Either way, plugging in headphones does not mute the monitor output automatically.
No customer service - go with the UAD
These speakers are loud enough for your applications but you might need a powered subwoofer to give you some bass especially for dance music. You will also need the "On Stage EB9760 Exterior Speaker Mounting Bracket" if you are planning to mount it in a speaker stand.
Yes. A fairly long cable.
Its just a standard RCA cable from the mixer to the speakers. You may have to get an 1/4 cable adapter to plug into the output of your mixer. There are different brands out there depending on what you like. Now this pair comes with its own speaker cable that's 25 ft long and you just have to plug it in.
These speakers are 16" tall, 11" wide and 10.5" deep. There is a bolt on the bottom but DO NOT UNSCREW IT, IT IS ATTACHED TO THE MAGNET INSIDE. Additional Info: There is a mounting bracket that can be purchased here on Amazon, just go to the tripod item for this and you can find the bracket which can be screwed on the bottom.
the screws that holds the speaker to the unit are 8x32x1 1/4 round head (4 each )
2 of them and they are worth their price.
This is irrelevant if you have only one system, the selections of frequencies A, B or G are so you can have systems that work in separate frequency bands from each other. If you have only one option to do so has the frequency range more.
either 135 or 165 will work fine, but yes the 165 isa condenser.
They are identical systems, except for the operating frequencies.
germany
Either us 120v
I am sure it will work well for rock singing, we use it at our church and it works pretty good.
I don't know where it's made, but I've been using it for about 6ontha and it is excellent in terms of range and sound quality. The battery life / power management is better than expected as well.
No, and not that I know of...
1 at a time
The unit comes with an attenna. I am the pastor of Ridge Memorial Baptist Church here in Slidell, LA and we needed a good unit (wireless) for preaching and singing that had no or little static. This unit fits the bill. God bless. Paul
None
Yes. The transmitter is all metal. This is an exceptional piece of equipment. I've been a DJ for over 20 years and anyone who knows good quality mics knows this is the very best money can buy. I highly recommend this mic.
It comes with a 90 day warranty from defects. However I own 6 of these from sennheiser and I have never had any problems in 10 years. As long as they are handled well and not dropped they last for every.
Buy all A freqs as there are plenty of addresses within the band. Only thing I might recommend is going up to the 865 cartridge
Depends on what other effects you plan on using
The foam is cut pretty snug for a normal size pedal. I had to cut mine to fit a double size pedal in place. You can buy more foam and make new custom cuts or use the Velcro with no cuts.
No it does not.
The pad are in three sections each of which have two layers held together by four screws . You can easily remove the top pad and cut it to your liking with scissors
Yeah. It thought it didn't either but it did.
Behringer makes a model for 220V. But if you're concerned and run into this situation frequently, get yourself a cheap Voltage Converter. The cheapest and OK by me is about 20Euros. I take mine to Ireland every year.
I found I didn't need one there is not much if any noise but if needed they are really inexpensive
Check your cable plugs are secure, move away from fluorescent lights, or could be the pedal itself. Run each seperately to test.
It comes with more than enough to daisy chain power and sound.
I would be amazed if the DL-8 really needs 9.6VDC, like the power supply says the output is, I'm assuming the power supply you're referring to is the power supply you're "supposed" to use. I looked up the specs for the DL-8, you might have a different version, but it says the power supply is 9VDC, and the stompbox can use a 9V battery, so I would go for it. Your problem aside, putting 9VDC in a device that actually calls out for 9.6VDC will not hurt the device. If the "9.6" in your question is a typo, and you're just asking if the PB600 1.7A power supply will power your 3 pedals, the DL-8 draws 70ma, the MXR Phase 90 draws 5ma (don't know what MXR pedals you have)....the PB600 power supply delivers 1700ma, won't be any kind of problem. Remember, forget your power supply outputs and add up the current requirement of your devices (the current 'draw') to see how much current you need to provide.
Mine last for approximately 2 months, when removed it only leaves slight bits of stickiness round the edges of the cushion that are easily removed with water and a mild detergent. I am in the habit of cleaning my mouthpieces thoroughly in water with a mild detergent using a Q-tip for gently rubbing spots of dirt before I apply a new cushion, so that ensures the mouthpiece is perfectly clean. Hope that helps.
They fit well on a metal mouthpiece... almost perfect fit. All mouthpieces are a little different, so you may not get a perfect match, but even if the pad is a bit small, it will still function how it should.
It's pretty universal I imagine they'll fit any mouthpiece as it fits my alto and tenor mouthpieces. Easily modifiable if it somehow didnt.
Well I would recommend the transparent ones. To me the black ones are too thick amd I feel more comfortable using the transparent ones.
The cushion is made of rubber, I don't have any details about the adhesive, sorry. Perhaps you should contact Vandoren to ask?
ya
I own a few of these exact and they fit my large HP ENVY 17" laptops which are bigger than any MacBook 15" or 17" laptops. They are built very nice and look great. Being that the machine studio is 2.3 inches thick you should be able to fit both. Alternatively you could look into a waterproof hard case like pelican or seashore cases. Good luck! Hope that helps!
The main compartment is 3.5" front to back. The Rane 64 is about 4" top to bottom. Unfortunately, this will not hold the Rane 64. You'd be better off with the Kondensor
Yes it does!
It's kinda big, about 30cm wide and 40-50cm tall. I'm sorry I don't know the dimensions in inches, though :P
After reviewing a few websites, it looks like the headset may only be compatible with Sennheiser transmitters. I'd contact Sennheiser to check though.
Since this is a normal microphone with built-in noise cancellation capability, it should work perfectly on other devices including Android tablets and smartphones, as long as you have a 3.5 mm plug adapter (see the review).
It does work well with Macs. I used it with Mavericks and now Yosemite.
Very nice. High quality sound
I have no idea. years ago, when I bought that mic, the jack did not seat all the way in a standard PC input headphone jack. I had to buy an adapter to get it to work. If you are referring to that input jack, I'd assume it fits Sennheiser equipment, otherwise what would it fit? But, you never know. I can't say one way or the other, all I used the mic for was my pc.
About 68 inches
There is the Andrea USB mic, http://www.amazon.com/Andrea-Electronics-NC-185VM-USB-Hi-Fidelity/dp/B003VW41G8/ref=pd_cp_MI_0 - at only about $44, no adapter required, which is specifically recommended by Nuance, as well as some version of Plantronics, however, reportedly there is nothing that is equal to the accuracy obtained by this Sennheiser, so it is up to you to choose what is most important. Read the reviews on the Andrea, as they are good. For my tastes, and knowing how finicky voice-to-text is, I am going to spring for the Sennheiser ME 3-EW. There is a list of approved hardware for use with DNS on nuance.com. It took some clicking around to find it, sorry I don't have the link. But these two are on the list. There is also a site called emicrophones dot com where they have tested the best equipment for use with DNS, and they sell this Sennheiser with a longer cord. Here's wishing the best of success to you in your endeavors.
Sorry, can't help in that regard, I only use it in a home setting. But I will comment that I'm in the process of getting a second replacement under warranty and have little confidence in the product. My Plantonics headset is over 10 years old and still functions, but isn't quite as accurate.
Don't have it here with me, but maybe 30", give or take...
This stand is very sturdy and the screws have knobs that are not too tiny. I returned it only because for me it took longer to set up than the ones with levers. But the stand is well-built. The screws are not tiny and have nice handles so it might not be worse than some stands with very tight levers. Good luck!
HI Janet-- not sure, and I don't have the ability to actually weigh it. It's fairly heavy (more than a cheapie folding stand, less than a Manhasset by far). The weight is a good thing because it makes the stand quite stable. I gig with a thick looseleaf binder FULL of sheets, and it stays in place on this stand.
yes
It's an inch in depth. I've had a 1" abd an 1.5" binder on it without any issues. Hope that helps.
Once the tripod legs are open, the shaft that the book plate is attached to can extend from 20" to 52", from the floor to the bottom of the book plate (the ledge that actually holds the music).
Yes it does...that is basically the purpose of the device. see...http://www.behringer.com/EN/Products/UFO202.aspx
Yes. No intermediate amplifier needed. You will need a stereo RCA-cable (i.e., red and white plugs) connection to the Behringer. Note, with a slide switch, you can also take in line-level signals (such as a tape deck or CD player) via RCA stereo cables.
As long as the usb port recognizes it. I would suggest simply running rca to an rca input the home theatre system. I'd have to know the model number of the system to honestly answer.
I have tried powering this unit with only a USB charger (separate from a computer), and it works fine that way. You will not damage the unit if you do this. The USB green indicator light will not appear, but you can still hear both phono and line inputs via the headphones or the RCA outs. This makes it a great little unit to use as an ultra-portable phono preamp for headphone or powered speaker listening.
To use the Behringer UFO202 simply as a preamplifier, you are proceeding correctly. The USB wall charger powers the Behringer UFO202. The low-level analog audio signal (such as from a magnetic phono cartridge) should be connected to the RCA input jacks on the Behringer UFO202. The preamplifier switch must be in the "phono" position. The preamplified analog audio signal will appear at the RCA output jacks, which need to be connected to the line-level input of an analog audio amplifier. Of course, speakers need to be connected to the audio amplifier as well. This setup should provide preamplification from your low-level analog audio signal to the line-level input of your analog audio amplifier. Note that the separate amplifier is required as the Behringer UFO202 cannot directly drive speakers, although it may drive earphones or headphones.
It probably can but good luck doing anything with it afterwords. The software that comes with it is so complicated I never figured it out and quit using it. Good luck with this one!
My UFO202 also works fine. Most user problems relate to initial set-up. Audacity! YOU have extensive knowledge about Audacity! Instead of the disc based version you received with the interface, go to the Audacity website and download the latest version. If you want information first, look at the huge help website. It has descriptions and tutorials of every task you may wish to accomplish and has a large following of knowledgeable users who are happy to help you. http://audacity.sourceforge.net/
The USB cable is attached to the device and is ~52" long.
If the boom box has line level inputs and outputs you can connect the interface using RCA type cables.
Works fine on my Win 8.1 tablet. Audio device is seen as "USB Audio Codec" , make sure your audio software/application chooses that device.
A blonde and a cadillac!!
The key is in your fingers, but I would say that with a Les Paul style axe set for the bridge pup, and the amp set with not too much gain, I can get some BB tone. Again, gear helps, but it's your mojo that's important. (But I do like this amp.)
Nope. This is an old school tube amp. No USB. These are really great sounding amps that take pedals well, but no effects loop etc. The only digital anything in it is a digital reverb unit that sounds very wet and natural. You could probably stream to a device that in turn was plugged into the amp's guitar input. But why would you do that? The resulting sound would be lo-fi as a good tube guitar amp should be. This ain't no stereo! ;) Edit: you used the word "stream". But you didn't really mean stream. Did you? You meant can I plug an audio cable into the unit. Yes you can do that. I've re-amped tracks thru mine that way but the impedance mismatch makes it a problem.
As far as I know it's purely tube driven. Not sure regarding the 15 watt version.
I would say no. I returned it because it wasn't clean and loud enough
Yes
It looks like you will need to remove the 4 black screws on top outside . Drop down the hole amp and you will have internal access to change the bulb, IT IS MUCH HARDER TO EX PLANE THEN TO DO IT DON'T DROP IT, EASE IT OUT THE FACE PLAT WILL COME TOO SO DON'T REMOVE KNOBS UNPLUG THE SPEAKER BY PULL THE 1/4" PLUG RIGHT SIDE LOOKING AT THE BACK SIDE
I have the older version with the blue light (2009) and it has a Bugera speaker.
Mine has an orange light, but no Infinium on the back panel. I think the amps with a Turbosound speaker (as opposed to a Bugera Vintage speaker) are considered the Infinium series.
I received the orange light I believe last year
Anyone try running the output through the Fx Loop Send, increasing gain and lowering the Volume(so the speaker isn't heard)? But if this works you'll loose the Power tube phase. I'm using Blackstar Ht Metal's Emulated Output for this purpose.
I can't tell you about the orage crush specificaly but I've never been satisfed with a solid state amp It's kind of like the engine in you hotrod or boat in that i have never been disappointed with too much horse power. The other thing is that the Bugera has a master volume control. You can't saturate tubes without tubes. It takes pedals very well. My 2 cents.
I use it for a lot of styles
This amp probably works well with any genre of playing considering that it takes pedals so well. I'm not surprised.
I have the amber light model. I think the blue light models were 2012 and earlier. Can't go wrong with this amp. Big, solid, open back, and great tube tone. I run a compressor and modulation effects in the amp's effects loop and it sounds that much better. Lots of tonal variety in this amp.
Yes, the footswitch comes with the amp, and, regardless what many people say, unless you're planing on jumping on it, it's very reliable. And I would definitely buy this over the fender blues junior (never heard the blues deluxe though) first of all for the price tag. However, they are not identically sounding. My advice, after a year with the amp is to go and get it. So far it has served more than well, the sound is amazing (maybe the drive channel is not what you'll need but the clean is killer and it interacts with effects very well), it has an effects loop, two modes: triode and pentode, and has not shown an even slight sign of failure so far, god forbid. But, be warned, the older ones (with the blue jewel lamp) might be those that are unreliable, mine is from the newer series (with the orange jewel light) and is doing geeat so far).
Define Mesa! No model mentioned. But I can tell you this, if you put a joyo US Dream in front of it you can play with anybody because you will have professional clean sound and professional overdrive, high gain sound. Between that amp and a $40 pedal you can cover what is most important to a strong rocker!
No
Power amp tubes: JJ Electronics (matched pair). V1: Something NOS would be best but if you can't afford one of those try the Gold Lion 12AX7. V2: I am using a TungSol Gold Pin 12AX7. V3: Groove Tubes makes a special tube for this position called "12AX7 Phase Inverter". Basically, the output on both sides of the tube are equal. This and the V1 tube seem to be the most important for that "bell-like tone". If you are a tone nut like myself, the search for the ultimate tone never ends. I am constantly buying new tubes to try in my V22. So far, the best I've have found/can afford are the Gold Lion 12AX7 in V1, TungSol Gold Pin 12AX7 in V2, Gold Lion Gold Pin Phase Inverter in V3, and JJ Electronics EL84 for the power amp tubes. Happy hunting!
Just received mine a couple of weeks ago and came with the Red stock Bugera speaker. I understand the Blue Turbosound speaker is a upgrade.
No. It can NOT directly connect to an iPhone. The jacks are the same diameter and it will physically fit but but iPhones use a TRRS plug this mic has a "normal" TRS. You can buy adaptors. Ignore the comment here about "XLR". This mic is not an XLR mic.
No, unless you find a fitting adapter
It works well enough for short videos. Now, as for documentaries, it depends on the quality you want. This I'd say is an entery leval stereo mike. The stereo image left to right is good, but it's not a pro mike. So, if by balanced you mean what I've been finding people to mean, no, no XLR. it's your regular plug like headphones. Oh yeah, and a double A battery. No phantom power.
Dear Jakub, I got mine couple of months ago and there was a 230V AC adaptor with 2 US and UK plug convertor inside the box. Besides you can use it with no adapter plugged because the Firewire already can provide enough voltage for device. Plus recent packages, Including the one i got, are already included a Firewire 800 to 400 convertor so no need to buy one. :)
as in "Does it have an off switch?" Yes, if that's the question. Rocker switch on back right.
From the product description, on 'Musician's Friend'... "Focusrite's popular Saffire Firewire interfaces are fully compatible with Thunderbolt ports on Mac computers. All you need to connect the two is a FireWire 400-800 cable (included with all new Saffire interfaces later this year) and the Thunderbolt to FireWire 800 adapter (not included). Simply plug this into the Thunderbolt port on your computer and connect the FireWire interface - it's as simple as that. Saffire interfaces are 100% compatible with Thunderbolt using this adaptor."
Hello, Simply select 1 day or 2 day shipping and you can get it by tomorrow or Friday, we offer prime shipping so it is very fast.
Hi there, I got one couple of months ago and i am quite satisfied. To be honest i did not attempted to use it without FireWire cable but the point is this device is provided by a power supplier in the box which means it can work as a stand alone device without computer. I guess there should be no problem for what you wanna do. All the best
Yes! I have the same setup in my studio.
It have 2 options thunderbolt or firewire if you.are using thunderbolt you.have to use the adaptor.provided if.not firewire cable.is provided and you do not need to use the adaptor.
No.
The 4 physical inputs (2 of which have pres), 2 SPIDF inputs, and 8 inputs via an ADAT optical connection get you 14 actual inputs I believe the other two to get you the 16 are foldback from the computer, so really it's more like 14 inputs.
DSP version has studio monitor emulation feature for headphone mixing, which is pretty cool. This is the version I have. Apart from that, they are exactly the same. I'd say get DSP. No reason to pay more for less. Looks like this one is sold through Proaudiostar, and the other is direct through amazon. Different sellers would account for different pricing, probably.
It can. There are different settings one of them being 'user' where you can set it to be a wash of color in the RGB spectrum.
I think it protect the Colorstrip if it falls down.
I would think they would be perfect for that. They have several different settings to create different color patterns and different flash frequencies . Though they are very bright, it would probably take several chained together to line a runway .
Yes. The 3 will allow you to mix the colors manually or change to specific colors with the buttons on the 3. It's very easy.
Its the standard U.S. plug if u want to connect one to another. It comes with a short cord but its a US plug.
It has all of the settings for individual colors and color combinations. It can be operated by a remote that is purchased separately .
Clean is very good, the other settings are very loud - but can be set anyway you wish. The effects are good, have to watch the echo, if it is not set off when powering up the amp, it makes a loud pop.
The one I have is 110 only - you would need a travel voltage converter for 240.
Yes, but you'll need to reprogram one of the amp's channel presets (preferably Clean) to get what you want. Select the Clean channel, adjust the Drive and Tone controls to get the sound you like (the default Clean channel preset still has some "dirt" in it), then (important!) press and hold the Clean amp model button on the amp for two seconds. This replaces the built in Clean model with your custom settings.
Just one guitar input but it does have an aux in for an mp3 player.
Not gonna lie...i dont know if its better as ive never used the squier. I do know however it is better than a create gxr i believe it was. And yes, its great for beginners and advanced alike
Unfortunately, this model lacks that feature. You'll need to invest in a more expensive model.
For the price it's one of the best amplifiers. Of course there are amplifiers with better sound, but at this price? I'm not an expert neither, but I'm very satisfied with this amplifier: good sound and a lot of effects that makes it fit any kind of music from ballads and classic rock to heavy metal
It will work on an electric regular guitar, not a bass guitar.
Its a durable amp, but its not a bad idea to get it for $10. Better safe than sorry.
If you order it before 4PM EST, it should ship the same day via FedEx Ground. We also offer 2nd (business) Day and Overnight (business day) shipping options. Thanks Donna.
It works well with it. I have it.
Yes you can! I have a CryBaby Wah pedal running into it, but you can add an expression pedal and use the onboard pedal for Wah. Get more info here: http://line6.com/footcontrollers/fbvshortboardmkii.html
As I recall mine came with the RJ-45 Cable for connecting to Pod devices but it doesn't come with the USB cable. That being said I had about 10 of these laying around the house from old printers and devices so I didn't have to buy one.
Yes
This doesn't actually create any effects, it is simply a controller for Line 6 products. I think it can also be used as a general MIDI controller for software and other effects, but I have never tried that. I only use it with the PDHD Pro X.
No this is used to control the amp effects , with a spider 3 or 4 you don't need the pedals they are all in the amp
Yes
If it has a port that says FBV Pedal above it should look a bit like a place for an wired internet connection but a bit larger it should work. I'm not familiar with the Spider III 30 specifically but you should be able to use the channel switch buttons and the expression pedal at least.
While I don't have a SpiderJam specifically I do own the Line 6 Shortboard MKII (in my case for a spider IV 75) and it works great. I can control everything with my feet that I could with my hands (minus the EQ) and also add the expression pedal which can be used as either a volume or Wah pedal. Some factory presets in the amp also use the effects pedal for other things. Definitely worth the price in my opinion.
There's a "guitar in" on the front panel. In the back is "headphones out", RJ45 "pedal" jack and "CD/Mic in" mini jack. The 150 units have two speaker out jacks (L/R) as well.
The channel volume and master volume controls work well in tandem, but the lower the channel volume is set, the less "adjustability" you'll have with the master. For example, if you set channel vol to its lowest setting, you will not get anything more out of the master much past 9oclock on the knob (keep in mind the controls are digital, not true pots, so in this scenario envision 0 volume at 6oclock. By the time you make a quarter turn on the master you're topped out). Hopefully that makes sense!
I'm in Europe with one so I'm going to say yes, but mine was bought here so if I were you I'd ping Line6 a message to double check.
you can set whether it stays on or not
Hi - To start, the Spider IV 75 is not a stereo amp. What I think you're experiencing is sound coming from only your headphones left side, right? You should hear the full mono signal from both sides of your phones. First thing to do is make sure your plug is FULLY inserted into the Spider's jack. Next, try another set of headphones - preferably ones with the larger 1/4 inch plug, and is known to work. Several possibilities: 1 -Your phones cable and/or plug might be messed up. Try wiggling the cable at both ends. 2 - Dirty connection at the plug end. Try rotating the plug in the jack while listening for crackling. Clean the plug with a little WD-40 on a rag, then rotate back and forth to clean the Spider's contacts. 3 - If you are using phones with a mini plug and an adapter, same thing - clean contacts. If still only left side works, might be the Spider's jack is messed up. Again, the Spider is a mono amp, but the full mono signal should be present at both earpieces.
Yes, if not get a headset. Stay metal
No
I can only speak for the Line 6 Spider IV 75. The amp has a wide variety of tones available but you'll also need a short board (pedal board) for foot control during gigs. The sound will also depend on the guitar you use as well and whether you add anything into the signal before going into the amp. The Spider doesn't have facilities for adding extra speakers which may be important to you. Try both amps out with your guitar(s) and take a trusted colleague with you as another set of ears. You know what you're looking for so don't rush the decision.
the voltage on the Line6 is switchable
Absolutley! For a school band it would work great! I had a concert at school and used it and actually had to work to keep my volume down! And when it is loud, it still tends to keep its integrity until you get to about 3 oclock on the volume knob.
Oh gosh, I'm not familiar with the Spider III. On the Spider IV, it hooks up with an ethernet cable to a port labeled "FBV Pedal". If the Spider III has the same kind of port, then I guess it should work. Wait! I just checked the Line 6 website, and YES it is compatible with the Spider III. Here's the link: http://line6.com/support/docs/DOC-2413
I think it only works with the Spider IV 15amp, since the pedal switches between the four setting . That's all it does. It's not an effect pedaI, just a switch and a mild wah. Get the board.
Well, i actually use some other Ethernet cable I had in the house, that is quite shorter, so I don't have I use the cable the floor board brought, which is super long, thatni use in the studio or giging, most likely your cable is defective. Try a different one
Its quite good for that. No need having to hunch over to loop anymore! Everything you would expect in a stomp box, very convenient!
Yes as to wah, as that is built into the pedal. For distortion and reverb, you can use the pedal to switch to a channel with the desired sound, but you would need to have those two channels among the 4 currently available. In other words, you would have to plan ahead.
It sure does and it works very well indeed
As I recall, yes. My son swears by this item. Very fun and easy to use. The pedal is powered from the Spider amp direclty, so no separate power cable.
Yes it does. But it overloads when you use distortions and the Wah. That is what I have found.
It silences the output when you use the tuner.
Yes, works great&#128515;
Hello Mom H., Thanks for the question through Amazon in regards to the warranty and return option for the Leblanc LB210 Bliss Bb Clarinet. The 30 day timeframe is for the return option. If you're not 100% satisfied with the instrument, you can return it to Taylor Music within 30 days for a full refund (this time of year we actually allow you until 1/31/14 to return for a full refund). The instrument also includes standard a 1 year service warranty. The 1 year service warranty is only through Taylor Music, so if you have any issues with the instrument in the first year, the instrument will need to be sent back to Taylor Music for the warranty repair work to be completed. Please let me know if you have any additional questions! Thanks again! Mike Kolb, Sales Rep. Taylor Music
This is Mike's Brass & Woodwind not springdales. I have been doing Instrument repair for 30 years and also I am an ex band directer. Everything gets test played and gone through before shipping. The warranty is through Conn/Selmer when you mail in the warranty card. Thanks, Mike:)
I think mine came with the black nickel keys. It did not specify at the time of my order, and was from Taylor Music. I believe the black nickel model has been discontinued due to problems with the plating flaking off. The listing specifically says silver now, so I'd assume that's what you'd get.
Hello GP, Yes! The Leblanc LB210 Bliss Bb Clarinet are wood clarinets. The wood is actually called "Grenadilla" wood. This instrument has the Grenadilla wood throughout both joints (upper and lower), barrel, and bell. Please let me know if you have any questions! Thanks! Mike Kolb, Sales Rep. Taylor Music
Hello Douglas, Thanks for the email through amazon in regards to the Leblanc Bliss Bb Clarinets. As you know, there are two generations of the Bliss clarinet. The LB210 is the first generation which has been discontinued (this is the model that we have for sale). The L210 is the second generation that is the current model being offered from Conn-Selmer (not discontinued). The first generation (LB210) was made in partnership between Conn-Selmer (Leblanc), Julian Bliss, and Morrie Backun. The second generation does not involve Morrie Backun. Many of the features are still the same, but a few things have changed from the first generation (Bliss ringless barrel and bell, crow's foot and left hand adjustment screws). Please let me know if you have any questions! Thanks Douglas! Mike Kolb, Sales Rep. Taylor Music
It works great for any microphone needing phantom power which, i'm pretty sure includes the Rode NTG3. It does not however, run on batteries. It comes with it's own 18volt power supply but if you plan on using your mic for photography and need to move around, then you probably want something else. Good luck :-)
This isn't for connecting to a computer, it's only phantom power used for special microphones that require power. You are looking for something like the PreSonus AudioBox USB 2x2 USB Recording Interface.
No just xlr I/o
it's not battery based. it needs to connect the power outlet all the time
Yes
Xlr outputs are what you see in the picture there. an XLR is what you'd generally find at the end of a microphone cable
This item does not have RCA inputs. This only has two XLR inputs and two XLR outputs. Its main function is to connect an old amplifier that does not have 48-volt phantom power to newer quality microphone that requires 48-volt phantom-powered.
Yes it does, just like in the picture.
the box itself runs on 18 volts - the transformer that I received with mine is US voltage only. If you could find a transformer for your voltage that outputs 18v, it would work just fine - it's an extra expense though.
Yes 2 mics.
My Gemini Model CDMP6000 CD/MP3/USB Player has a three pronged power inlet jack on the back of unit which is labeled "Power Supply AC 110/240V, 60/50 Hz, consumption 25 watts. Only one power cable, with a label on it stating 10A 125V came with the unit that plugs in a standard three prong (3rd is ground) 110/120volt outlet. Based on the label on the unit back, it does appear that the player will accept 110/240V. Always best to confirm with manufacturer and I am not certain if the supplied detachable power cord fits 220-240Volt supply jacks because I am not familiar with those. The power cable that came with this Gemini CD is labeled 10A 125V so it may not be a 220 volt cable. The player may operate at higher voltage, but may need to obtain a cable for such, unless Gemini supplies it. Sounds like best idea is to confirm with manufacturer/distributor. Maybe they offer units with higher voltage power supply cable. Not syre if the 110-125V supplied cable is applicable to 220/240 volt supplies. Hope this helps.
no. I advise you not to buy this piece of equipment. Locked up , sent it back, locked up again 3 days later, Used it for a wedding. Very embarrassing.
Thanks for your interest We could ship to New Zealand However we need your full address to give you a shipping cost Thanks
I use (two) 2500 Watt speakers. Their should be no problem with using your set. The CD mixer will shake the walls, mine does!!!!
No, not sold with speakers. You need to purchase a separate amp and speakers. The same for all professional equipment.
Its a cosmetic enhancement om humbucking pickups. On jazz basses with single coil pickups it completes the shielding, if you have shielded underneath the pickups.
Yes.
Thats the size of any fender jazz bass
It will overlap yar pickguard. but just a lil bit.. I wouldn't recommend putting this on a jaguar bass..
No, it's not wide enough for a 5 string bass
Mm. For a Mac I know you can preview a song by clicking on the turn table that isn't playing. Not sure if this is what you mean by preview. Sold mine because I wanted to start scratching.
Since your post is TWO months old, I hope you've resolved your issue by now. If you haven't resolved the Q. - I suggest you write to Amazon's Customer Service Dept for U.S.A. operation, and/or try the Amazon UK site to see if they carry the item. best, a.
I think dimensions stated are correct. I no longer own one
Per the PCDJ site, this specific model is compatible: http://www.pcdj.com/red-mobile-2/
It has a standard Mic jack, and a 1/4 adapter for plugging directly into an amp/ P.A. system. As long as the camera has the standard 1/8" Mic jack it should work fine. Sound quality is another issue entirely
You can use this mic on anything that has a mic input in one of the 2 included sizes
Yea 1/4 in and 3.3 mm
Its a great mic for simple recording, if you're looking for high end studio quality you may want to spend a little more. But I've done some great recording with this mic
Yes. I myself, however, would prefer a smaller mic with a stand specifically made for pc/laptop use, as opposed to this large hand-held mic (unless you have a large desktop and a stand for it...otherwise you have to hold it and I don't know how long it would be comfortable to do so. But yes, the small jack will fit and it will work just fine with a pc/laptop.
Your sound system needs either a 3.5mm or 6.3mm audio input jack (3.5mm-to-6.3mm adapter included). Depending on your sound system's make and model, you will need to follow its manual for instructions on selecting the audio input connecting the microphone.
no
Yes, this will plug into a audio in for Karaoke.
Although I had never plugged the mike into a wireless transmitter, I think you can do it. This mike is very good, cheap and reliable.
Yes
absolutely, worked great on my pc. I used a 3.5 mm
If you are using a PA amp you can probably use a line out feed from the amp to drive your recorder. If not I like the Behringer splitters, they are good quality and reasonably priced.
Yes its fine for talking, we used it at our wedding so people could hear people in the gardens
Because this mic is unidirectional it only picks up sound from the top of the dome. Nothing should be picked up from the sides. For the price it is a great deal.
I don't see why you couldn't connect it if you have a 3.5 mm adapter, although I have never done that before. Not sure how it sounds when recording but to give you a suggestion, you might want to look for a different product because to me it doesn't seem like a good choice if you're trying to record a voice or something else. It's mostly good for live situations, like if you're plugging it into an amp to have a jam session. Hope this helps!
It comes with a cable that is shown in the product info. It has a 1/4 inch plug so if your interface has a 1/4 inch receptacle it will fit. If not then you will need some kind of adapter.
If you want to use it with your laptop you would need an adapter to plug the 1/4" jack into that has a 3.5 mm end, that way you can connect it into the 3.5 mm slot on your laptop.
It is a microphone only; there is no speaker. It must plug into a "Microphone" or "MIC" receptacle on a device capable of producing sound, for instance a Karaoke machine or audio amplifier.
It comes with an XLR connector to the mic and standard mic jack. You mght need and adapter so the big jack can be used on a smaller jack. Adapters are readily available. &lt;a href=http://descargar-musica-gratis.malavida.com/ &gt;descargar musica gratis para celulares&lt;/a&gt;
No not that I know of. Unless you buy a wireless attachment, but if that's the case, I would recommend just buying a wireless mic.
That guitar will tune fine if you do it correctly. However they don't stay in tune as long as a full size guitar. I'm guessing its an electric guitar. Take the plug, plug it into the guitar jack and the jack on the tuner. The cord to do this should come with the guitar. I'm going to tell you how to tune it in Standard EADGbE tuning. Pluck the first string (the thickest string) and you will get a sound. Slightly turn the tuning pegs no more than a 1/4 turn around as you pluck the guitar string, keep turning the tuning pegs slowly (again, as you pluck that string) until the tuner says E (this tuner will say 6E). After that go one string down, each gets progressively thinner, then keep plucking and turning the tuning pegs until it says A (tuner will say 5A). Keep doing that, turning the peg to tighten the correspomding string for the next 4 strings, going to the smaller string each time for D, G, B and E (E is what the thinnest string will be tuned to.) Again, thickest string to thinnest (top to bottom) you will want E-A-D-G-B-E. Use the little green light in the middle as youre tuing so you know you're on key and getting exactly the sound you want. Some guitars only do it so well, so don't be bothered if you can't get it 100% correctly and just do it the best you can. M
Sure. I don't own a 12 string, but a twelve string is tuned the same as a standard guitar (except in string pairs), the 6th, 5th, 4th and 3rd string pairs have a lighter gauged string tuned an octave (12 frets in pitch) higher, and the 2nd and 1st string pairs are tuned in unison (the same pitch). Here is the tuning (6th - 1st) with the octave higher stings in lower case: eE aA dD gG BB EE. The tuner can handle all these notes. Check the display to make sure you have the correct note name when tuning. Some players tune down a 1/2 step (1 fret in pitch) in pitch to reduce string tension on the guitar then and use a capo on the 1st fret to return the guitar to standard tuning. You could do this also by using the flat button on the tuner.
Yes, it does. It's got a 'Flat' button to select the number of semitones (1-5) that you want to lower the selected note.
It will show you the exact tuning of what each string is. So you can definitely tune any bass or guitar with this. Most tuners will work that way. This one is simple and easy to use.
The tuner has a mic input, so u can tune an acoustic instrument. Never tried an acoustic bass, but I would assume it should work.
I do not know. I decided to try a Snarky and I like it much better so gave away the Korg.
Yes
No, Just channels 5 & 6
My experience has been that the preamps are fine -- I've had greater issues with dedicated preamps than the onboard ones.
Yes
yes it works with maverick OS X 10.9.4 and I'm using logic pro x. but I've been having problems with the sample rate,cause in a middle of recording i will get a error telling me error with sample rate. I'm looking in that problem to solve it.
yes, furthermore that track may be mono or stereo. better still .. a track, or tracks may be recorded while others play back, and you can mix down all your tracks to a single track to reopen all your channels for more tracks ... its as mild or wild as you need it to be
Not sure I fully understand the question (what does "sons" mean, for example?), but if you are simply asking why you would go with a 'stand alone' digital recorder, and why, perhaps, the Zoom R16 in particular, I can think of several reasons/advantages of considering this in addition to a computer: 1. Portability - if your computer is not a laptop, or if your computer is a laptop and it is your main computer and you do not like to 'risk' it leaving your abode, then something like the Zoom R16 is portable. 2. Easy ergonomics - having faders that you can pull up and down provides the kind of balance/adjustment that some people prefer - easier to adjust for some people than grabbing a computer mouse, or clicking to an electronic option on some digital recorders. 3. Unlike a lot of other 'stand alone' recorders', the R16 provides multiple functions - it is 'stand alone' recorder; it can function as an audio interface, and it can function as an audio control surface (i.e., provide control, via the faders, of your computer recording software). This means that the R16 has several advantages over carrying around an audio interface (which can only act as a conduit for sound sources), and a laptop. 4. The built in microphones are actually surprisingly good, and one can activate them very quickly which is handy for capturing songwriting ideas, and/or band rehearsals. 5. Unlike some other stand alone digital recorders, the Zoom R16 records directly to .WAV format - not a proprietary format - so transfer of files to a computer is easy. 6. The compressor is really good on this unit. Those are most of the reasons that I can think of that one might want this unit. The only major disadvantage that I can think of is that the R16 does not have drum machine built in, which I would dearly have loved for songwriting purposes. (And its more elaborative stable mate, the R24, has a drum program which is not the easiest to use). I hope that this has been useful. GVDV.
I don't know the exact DB range but this unit has exceptionally quite preamps. I have used it many times to record direct outs from a board during a live performance and have always been happy with the sound quality! Be sure to set the unit to 24bit depth recording in the option menu.
I haven't tried that, but it should work. Be sure and use the right adapter jack and adjust the volume controls on the MP3 player and the recorder to match your vocal levels on the other track.
This unit allows you to record to 8 tracks simultaneously and has it's own preamps but you may use your own in addition to the built-ins if you need to tweak your sound/signal.
yes, its also acoustic
Not sure what kind of bow, but it seems to be of good enough quality. I have been very satisfied with everything.
Yes
Yes
Hello Nick. Personally, I think so but I am not a professional violinist I actually play the sax and wanted to fiddle around with the violin. It works for me... I hope this helps... :)
This Violin is made in China and quality tested and inspected in USA.
This violin does play as an acoustic. The sound is comparable to the loaner instrument my daughter was using at school. You just play it as a normal violin to play it as an acoustic, but you will need an amp and cable to use the electric feature. Hope this is helpful.
No, because it's acoustic/electric. I have never played a straight electric so I don't know how loud they can get. You can buy a silencer to dampen the sound but it's still moderately loud.
China in the past and currently uses plywood. The Fever Electric Violin is constructed of solid wood, because the sound quality with the acoustic and when it is amplified is loud. You usually do not hear an accoustic violin sounding this loud. I play this violin more without the amplification, because it's too loud for my neighbors where I like to play it in my home. The sound holes are constructed just a little wider, but not too wide. The attached violin bridge would not be as secure, if it was plywood. Plywood and Solid Wood look the same.
I have had the best luck with the Medium and Light Medium strings. I had a buzzing sound on my high strings and by mixing medium and light strings, was able to resolve my problem. For your situation, I would recommend the medium strings.
The package reads light/medium and that's basically correct. Every string is consistently in-between a light gauge string and a medium gage string (example: the G string light is .024 inch. the medium .026 and the Martin FX is .0255 inch). The benefit is one can have the tension/firmness feel of a medium gage yet the ability to bend the string with the ease of a light gage; it provides flexibility without sacrificing tone and string feel on a guitar with a smaller body (like a parlor size guitar in which a medium gage would be more the preference - I haven't tried these strings on my dreadnaught size guitar in which I use different strings altogether). I'm quite happy with the result. Flexible Core makes sense to me.
If you guitar has a neck adjustment rod (i.e., was built after 1985) then the medium lights would be a great option. If your guitar is one of the older models that does not have a neck adjustment rod, I would advise that you stick to light gauge strings only.
It is digital. It uses Composite Object Sound Modeling (COSM). This link may help: http://www.bossus.com/boss_users_group/article.php?ArticleId=1319 I own one that I use for my Suhr Badger. I'm very pleased with the tone. It compares favorably with the spring tank reverbs in my other amps with the advantage of being more adjustable.
I couldn't say for certain as I have never plugged into a 63 Fender amp. However, Like all computer modeled guitar effects I suspect it comes close but falls somewhat short of the real thing. Personally I find the sound from this pedal a little thin and tinty.
Hi, you are asking this question openly to all sellers. It would completely depend on who you are ordering from. If it is an FBA seller, then the answer would be no as it comes directly from Amazon's warehouses and they are responsible for all aspects of shipping. If you purchase from a seller who is shipping from their place of business, then they may be able to add a note. However, being that you are asking this question openly and not to any specific seller, I cannot give you any more specific information. Your best bet would be to go and select a seller specifically, and then email them directly.
That is a question for your hotel as to whether they will accept shipments for guests. As a seller, we would have no control over this although I could see the possibility of problems on the customers end.
The center pin is negative and the outer rim is positive. Most DC power supplies are center-negative, but a few are center-positive so check the supply before you plug it in. There will be a diagram on the power supply telling you which configuration it is.
Does not come with a transformer!
The transformer handles 110-240V, so all you need is a fitting Portuguese adapter for american plugs
It can be adjusted to individual "MIC In" level for each player seperatly. Not to instrument input.
There is no USB port. You record with a 1/8'' jack output that you can plug into any input of any machine.
Yes you do not need an amp in-between but you will still need a mono to stereo 1/4 adaptor to make the sound go in both left and right ear
No hole on the bottom whatsoever.
Yes, 2 years, and they have excellent support.
It does but one of them did not work on the first unit I bought so I returned it within the 30-day return window. I the second unit I got always had problems reading the CD and one day it simply stopped working. It was still under warranty so I thought I would be OK, but Emerson refused to fix it simply saying: "The GM527 was discontinued last year and no replacement or repair options exist for that unit. kevin" Nobody answered any of my emails after that. This company does not stand behind their warranty so don't buy from them. Also, the actual website for dealing with complains, returns, warranties, etc., was VERY hard to find.
3amps, from ac pwr supply specs that came with the unit. larger is better, maintains 12v level
It's only 120v. If you buy an Emerson that is discontinued, such as this one, there is no real warranty. Emerson devices are low quality. I bought this very item and it malfunctioned shortly thereafter (after the 30-day return window from Amazon). After contacting Emerson they simply said the item is discontinued and there is no way to fix or replace. All my attempts after that were ignored. I was about to file a complain with the Attorney General but finally never had the time.
It is an upgrade, you will need to enter a previous serial number.
It says the academic version is not eligible for upgrade, but will it still upgrade? I have logic pro 7 academic. What's the difference? Does this pgm use that silly DONGLE to run?
Absolutely
Logic pro X (10) is out now. It is not an upgrade, it is the total package and it is $199.99 from the Apple app store. It is a remarkable program with some similarities but a new look and many new features. There is much for me to learn but it seems to be worth it. I have 9 and have used and loved it. But X is even better. All of the sounds from 9 are there and more.
This is a retail version. If you can't get automatic updates from Apple, go to apples website, then click support. Click other products and scroll to Logic. Open that option and everything you need regarding Logic will show up. This is a retail version though so you will not have any issues.
Logic Pro 9 is contained within Logic Studio. Studio has more features, like MainStage and Soundtrack. You might not want those, though, and could get Pro 9 alone at a lower cost. Also make sure that you are buying the full program and not the upgrade from an older version of Logic, unless you already have an older version of Logic. (That's not clear to me from the picture of the box. I think the packaging looks the same, except that the upgrade should say upgrade.) In that case, the upgrade is your most economical way to go, and will give you the whole package. It will upgrade any version of Logic from 7 on up, not sure about older versions.
What about the "voice"? :D
Yes.
this is the full version with all additional instruments, kits, and midi sounds. the serial numbers are clean.
it works with 10.6.8 version (do not know about 10.6.4) and newer, and it comes fully packed with its own serial number.
Sorry I can't help you I have Logic Pro 9 also
No, you don't need the Internet for it. However, I have to say that I've upgraded to logic Pro X. It is absolutely extraordinary. However, you do need an initial Internet connection for that.
1 but I use it on both Macs
Since the MacBook Pro Retina does not have a built in optical disk drive, you would need to: a) Use an external Optical drive b) Make a disk image of the installer on another computer and then copy that image to the rMBP c) Make use of Apple's Remote Disk See: http://support.apple.com/kb/HT5287 Also, it's my understanding that Logic 9's graphics will look a bit soft or fuzzy on the retina display. Other than that it should work, but for $199 (if that is in your budget) you might be happier in the long run if you got Logic Pro X from the Apple Store. Then you could sell the Logic 9 package for someone who still uses a slightly older Mac to help compensate for the cost of Logic X. If you absolutely don't want to or just can't spend the extra $, then you should be able to record, mix, etc. with Logic 9 if you don't mind that the graphics will look a bit fuzzy compared with the hyper crisp images you will see on the web and other applications on your Retina display. Hope this helps.
If you are spending $439 USD for it, then it should be the Pro version, not academic. This looks like the full version to me. I say go for it!
While the previous poster actually gave the correct answer, about testing them out at a music store before buying any certain model, that doesn't really answer your question. I recently bought the PX-130 for an ultra-portable "Grab-N-Go" piano to use while studying for my Masters. I wanted a full 88 keys, rather than 76 which is typically the next step down. I wanted just the basics, which fit right in with the other 2 requirements I set .... those being, as stated above, portability, and I also didn't want to spend a fortune for something which will see only limited use in very specific circumstances. The lack of every extra gadget, gizmo, & neat-o known to man on the PX-130 keeps it light & inexpensive, for a win-win situation for me. Note that I DID have prior experience on the PX-130 and knew it was a quality instrument. But I may have bought it anyway without the prior experience, since I know by research & word-of-mouth that it would fit my needs. Basically, the YPG-535 is going to cost you 50-100 $$ more than the PX-130 from the same supplier. You may find the 535 cheaper at Supplier #1 than the 130 is at Supplier #2. But then if you search for the 130 at the same Supplier #1, most of the time it'll be cheaper than the Yamaha. That price difference is almost solely because the Yamaha has several more features than the Casio. But those extra features are typically stuff you'll rarely use, since both instruments have pretty much everything you'll need for most "normal" music. If your situation requires more gadgetry than the 130 has, then you'll almost certainly have to jump up to a higher level, much more expensive tier of instrument. The Yamaha can't do THAT much more than the Casio. The Casio is quite a bit lighter also, by several pounds. And it is also somewhat smaller in all dimensions than the Yamaha. The Yamaha has 4 speakers, as compared to the Casio. The 2 largest speakers on each are practically identical, but the Yamaha adds 2 tiny tweeters. Curiously however, the amplifier on the Casio is slightly more powerful. Customer reviews for both, no matter where you look, are practically identical .... Very Satisfied or Very Good. That is expected because they are both quality instruments. Probably the BIGGEST difference, which COULD be a major one depending upon individual, personal preference, is that the Yamaha has a propietary type of key response called "Graded Soft Touch". It's a bit hard to explain the difference (this is an example of where that in-store test-drive pays off), but it's NOT the same as the more common "Weighted Scaled Hammer Action" that the Casio offers. To me, the plain 'ole WSHA of the Casio is much more like a true piano than the GST of the Yamaha. But as already mentioned, this could VERY easily be a completely personal preference. Some may think the Yamaha's keys are more like a true piano. Bottom-line, if you are wanting a basic digital piano, I'd go with the Casio. I don't think the little "extras" provided by the Yamaha really make up for the medium price difference. But if basic is what you need/want, or simply super-portable as in my case, you won't go wrong with either model. If you need/want an instrument that is truly better & has more features, then the Yamaha won't satisfy that requirement over the Casio .... they are too much alike. In that case, you'd just have to write off BOTH of them & jump up to a more expensive bracket.
This same keyboard (PX-130) is about $550 WITH the stand and pedals at Best Buy. You can also find a 10% off coupon online if you look, making it about $495+tax if bought in store. I'm not sure why amazon's pricing is so far off. I would recommend this set up with stand and pedals.
Although this is a relatively old thread, I feel as though some of the information I've gathered in the past few months in search of my own "perfect" keyboard may shed some light for others. When I started looking for a keyboard of my own, I wanted weighted keys. There was no question there - having been classically trained on acoustic pianos for the past thirteen years of my life, weighted keys were a must. But living in the dorms in college, I needed something portable. I spent the next three months (intermittently, of course) looking up information on and trying out the keyboards at the local Guitar Centers. Here is what I've discovered. *A note to the reader: I have practiced for about 13 years on a Petrof upright piano, and having had the fortune to play on several other pianos (for recitals and such), including Yamaha (uprights and grands), and Steinway and Sons (baby grands and grands), I have come to the conclusion that the keys on my old Petrof are harder to push down than the average piano. So, take this into account when I state my opinion on the "feel" of the PX-130 and P-95. Also, I did not have the fortune to try out a Yamaha P-85, I have played the P-95, and the P-155. Considering that Guitar Center no longer carries the P-85, and that the cost of a used P-85 on Amazon is the same as a new P-95, I will give my opinion on the P-95 only. Some other keyboards I was also able to try out included the Yamaha DGX-630, the Korg SP250, the Casio CDP-100, the Casio PX-330 and the Casio PX-830. For the sake of this discussion, I will try to keep the topic on the P-95 and the PX-130, but feel free to message me for my opinion on any of the aforementioned keyboards. REMEMBER: everything in this post is my own opinion formed from my own experiences with these products. They are not meant to endorse any one product in any way. On to debate: the P-95 or the PX-130? With a retail price of about $550 and $500 respectively, they are considered a lower-end stage keyboards (basic piano functionality). However, Casio still has the edge in terms of product variety (in this price range) and value for your money (another basic Casio keyboard, the CDP-100 is offered from $300-$400 depending on the season) Basic product information on the P-95 can be found on yamaha's page - the power of its speakers, USB capability, types of sounds and what not: http://usa.yamaha.com/products/musical-instruments/keyboards/digitalpianos/p_series/p-95_color_variation/?mode=model And similarly for the Casio PX-130: http://www.casio.com/products/Musical_Instruments/Privia_Digital_Pianos/PX-130/ But what you're here for, is for the information that the site doesn't tell you, right? So first onto the shape. when you're looking at the keyboard from the front - keys facing you, ready to play - the bottom of both keyboards are completely flat. Contrary to what some people might say about the P-95 being unstable, it'll sit stably enough on an X-stand or whatever you might want to mount it on. What they mean is, when you look at the P-95 from the side, there is a slight "V" shape like so: \____/ compared to the PX-130's side profile [_____] It's true, it does compromise some stability, but not by a whole lot. If you really wanted a stable keyboard, you'd set it on a table, or buy an expensive Z-stand, or the stand made specifically for the P-95. Onto the weighted keys. The keys of both keyboards are definitely lighter than what I'm used to (read the note to the reader), but they feel nice, familiar, like an acoustic piano would. The keys on the P-95 feel ever so slightly lighter and easier to push down than those on the PX-130. The keys on the PX-130 have more of a (as I would describe it) threshold to meet before they drop down (those familiar with acoustic pianos may know what i'm talking about, I apologize for the lack of terminology) while the Yamaha keys have a more even pressure when pushing down the keys. That said, the key action on the P-95 is smoother than that on the PX-130. And the keys on the P-95 rebound more quickly than those on the Casio. Even the laggy rebound of the keys on the Casio is subtle, even barely noticeable when playing most pieces, I have found it to be a factor when playing quick, staccato passages, for example the ones found in Haydn's Sonata in D major (though I can't attribute it all to the keys, it may be my own lack in finger dexterity). Personally, I prefer the key action of the P-95, but I encourage anyone interested in a keyboard to go try them out - despite all of them carrying the label "weighted keys", each manufacturer still makes them slightly different. It's up to you to figure out what feels most natural to you. Sound-wise, both sound great. There are many levels of sensitivity (exactly how many, you'll have to look up on your own), but enough on both to invite a great level of expression when playing. I believe the Casio actually has 128-note polyphony compared to the Yamaha's 64-note polyphony. But again, to my ear, it's not a particularly noticeable difference. Now because these two models ARE digital pianos, you can adjust the volume or plug in some headphones. So how loud is the key action? Well, to be honest, you can hear it. And there's no reason why the light thudding of the keys of ANY keyboard wouldn't get annoying in a quiet room. But I feel that these two keyboards are relatively quiet in terms of key action. When compared to the CDP-100, these are whisper-quiet. The CDP-100 is rather noisy in my experience - I could hear the thudding and the clicking of keys sliding against each other. If you don't want to hear the keys, turn the volume all the way up - that's why you don't hear the thudding of keys on an acoustic piano. All in all, both are great pianos for the entry-level to advanced (though perhaps not professional) keyboardist and pianist because after all, not everyone can afford (cost-wise or space-wise) an acoustic piano. If I had the money, I would really prefer to own the P-95. However, I feel that the Casio PX-130 is a great choice, in terms of value without sacrificing quality.
Yes, as it has sampled classical pieces and is user-friendly. It also has a headphone jack to minimize noise and a damping pedal for a more genuine piano experience.
Yes. Two even.
Well if you just want to record the audio of what your playing then the simplest way would be to use a 3.5mm cable into a microphone jack on your computer. http://www.amazon.com/Mediabridge-3-5mm-Stereo-Audio-Cable/dp/B004LTEUDO/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1398041305&sr=8-1&keywords=3.5mm+cable If you want to use the MIDI features of the keyboard you would need to use a cable like this: http://www.amazon.com/CREATIVE-EMU-XMIDI-MIDI-Interface/dp/B000JLU26W/ref=sr_1_3?s=electronics&ie=UTF8&qid=1398041405&sr=1-3&keywords=usb+midi In either case you will also need the appropriate software on your pc to accomplish what you want. I think windows may actually have a recorder built in if you go with the 3.5mm cable to record audio file.
The keys are weighted like an actual piano keyboard, if that is what you are asking. Instead of the cheap plastic surface and feel, you get an almost genuine sensation when you press the keys, and it enhances the playing experience so much more. The keyboard itself is a decent weight for its size (88 keys), but I don't know how much it weighs. Hope this helps.
It has a demo mode with at least one pre-programmed song. There might be more...but I wouldn't classify it as a 'Player Piano.'
No, it does not require a computer.
That's strange, from what I've read it has a heavy touch. I have the piano (but I'm not a pianist) and I'd say the touch is heavy. Either way, if you're concerned I'd recommend going to a local music shop and comparing the available models.
Radio signals are everywhere. Sometimes our electronics can receive those signals unintentionally. Your keyboard is probably not at fault. In fact, unless the electronics in your keyboard have been damaged physically, it is extremely unlikely that it could be the cause. Changing the power strip or wall receptacle your keyboard is plugged into may help. You may want to try moving the keyboard. You might be able to clear it up by moving it only a few inches. Sometimes a situation like this may occur temporarily and never reappear again. You may want to simply give it a little while to see if it goes away by itself.
Yes, no problems using it with the Casio PX-330 . The only complaint is that the pedal slides around on a well-polished hardwood floor.
There is a great deal of difference between the PX-150 and the PX-330. I own the PX-330 and as very happy with it. Prior to this keyboard, I owned a roland keyboard that cost over $2,000. I would say that I am more happy with the PX-330 as I was with the Roland. I did quite a bit of research before I purchased the Casio Privio PX-330. My primary concern was to find a board that has an traditional piano keyboard 'feel'. The best digital piano I found for reproducing the keyboard feel and sound of a traditional piano is the Yamaha Clavinova series. The Yamaha's cost upward of $4000 however. After looking at all the options and reading reviews, I chose the Casio Privio PX-330. The PX-330 has features that you'll have to pay double for with any other digital piano. While I do not have the PX-150, after looking at the feature page on the Casio site, I'd say it seems to be a very nice choice. You can see the PX-150 page here - http://www.casio-usa.com/products/Digital_Pianos_%26_Keyboards/Privia_Digital_Pianos/PX-150BK/ - and the PX-330 page here - http://www.casio.com/products/archive/Digital_Pianos_&_Keyboards/Privia_Digital_Pianos/PX-330/. You can do a side by side comparison here - http://www.casio-intl.com/asia-mea/en/emi/compare/piano/. Some of the most important feature differences I'd say are the following; Px-150 vs PX-330 . . . Firstly, I could not determine if there is a difference between the "tri-sensor scaled hammer action keyboard and the tri-sensor scaled hammer action keyboard ll". The PX-150 has 18 built in tones vs 250 tones of the PX-330. The PX-330 also has 180 rhythms (drums). Both have built in recorders (also known as sequencers - professional term), the 150 is 1 song of 2 tracks while the 330 is 5 songs of 17 tracks. Tracks means you can have a track of piano, and a track of violin, another for drums, bass etc. Clearly the 330is much more powerful in this regard. There are a number of other benefits of the PX-330 over the PX-150. If you can afford it, the 330 is definitely worth the cost. I truly LOVE my 330. I am not a professional pianist, I just play for myself. I once owned a Steinway Model B, 7' Grand Piano. I won't even try to describe how marvelous it was to play. The PX-330 is very nice. I no longer have to sneak into hotels and churches to play their pianos from time to time to satisfy my need to play. Good luck with your quest.
My advice to any question about a Casio keyboard is stay away from them. I found numerous people with problems seeking help but couldn't get it. Their repair service is third party. Mine was a G-note that no longer sounded correctly, something to do with the hammer action. I had sent in my warranty registration for a two-year period and they had no record of it. I would go with Korg or Roland.
Yes- I have it running on Win8- doesn't seem to have any issues at all
Yes
There is a usb port on the other side, there are separate inputs for line and photo sources and a single set of rca for stereo output. The dial on the side controls the output volume. The device is usb class compliant, meaning it should not require any drivers to operate, just plug and play.
Keep in mind that there is only an output for 1 channel, so you will have to use piggy back RCA cords to make it work. That being said, if you mixer has Cue capabilities you will be able to hear the second deck without playing it out loud.
no...it comes with mixmister..thats the only program that works with it to record..but sounds shitty..dont buy this. if your looking for something to record..spend a lil more money and get the Alesis usb mixer adn use it with any recording program....new they go for 80 bucks
Yes, it is.
yes,go to export midi as files
By codes do you mean does it respond to the short cuts? It responds to them I know a few of them but I didn't see a detail list of the codes.
It shouldn't be an issue with Apple software. I don't recall Logic Express even having a serial number. Even with software that does, such as Final Cut Pro, I've never had issues with install limits.
No, it is not foldable. The case is quite rigid.
http://monocreators.com/single-electric-bass/
I think they meant "Standard" as in Fender P or J 34" solid body basses. It does fit a Modulus 35" & could probably take a 36" bass. Could easily fit a 5 or 6 string neck. Bout width 15-1/2" max, Length 48" max 3" depth max. It WON'T take an acoustic, however. Great, very protective bag!
yes you can
The case that I purchased does not have the Tick D ring on the front side. The newer models do have it. I'm sure I could have the local luggage/shoe repairman attach one for me at minimal cost. I can't say enough about this bag; it's one of the better purchases I've made in a long time.
Not sure I carry mine to different locations
hello from caracas, i never had seen one of this speakers as wall mounted, but everything is possible only you must to do use of ingenious and manual skills, anyway this unit is a pa system (public address) and it's the main use of this equipment, requires ac power, therefore is not comfortable wall mounted use, you must to buy or manufacture a heavy duty base for it. at rear side there is a big screw like a 14 mm, that i believe you can use for anchor it to the wall. i recommend you buy a lightweight speakers, may be surround speakers that there are more easily wall mounted. greetings and god bless you.
No just 1. But sound is great! Can take anywhere... we're always a hit at small get togethers. Tons of compliments!
yes you can....made my own mixed cdr and it works great....dont forget the usb connection where you can play any music you put on the usb thumb drive...
A google search took me to remotes.com/store/emerson/gq100.html . This shows a substitute for the original. Good Luck.
The answer is yes
yes it does
inputs are on the back of the player where you hook up your rca cables for audio and video
Yes, Auto & video out of player to the appropriate input on the TV....
All you need is an RCA cable to hook to the TV and the karaoke machine. Follow the color coded system and it should be a breeze
Yes.
You can try googling for it but I didn't come up with a successful answer. I have a manual, what would you like to know.
The aux input is for audio only. This is specified in the users' manual. The input jack is obviously a 2 conductor connector.
China... not good quality
With steel string
No it only comes in black standard
The package arrived my house about 35 or 40 pounds
Yes, indeed the cable was included with the amplifier!
I remember I had some trouble with this, as well. Make sure you are not in the "tuning" mode, where sound is not played through amplifier. That is when the letters are displayed in a red light on guitar. Also, make sure the guitar volume button and the amp's one are properly positioned. Hope that helps.
This should be a good size to start with.
Mexico I believe
There is a battery compartment on the side of the guitar.
no
About a week. It depends on the store you order.
Go to "Your account" -&gt; "Your orders" -&gt; "Contact seller" and you can ask them.
It's available. We're ready to ship it out.
Yes I purchased this also & it is the newer version with the better longer divider pockets, very nice case.
Yes since you set the tuner.
Yes. Very!
Yes, it is a 7 octave chromatic tuner.
Hi Anne, these are CR2032 batteries which are stocked at most drug stores. Much cheaper if you can wait for them to be shipped is to get them through Amazon - just search on CR2032. I bought these: http://www.amazon.com/Maxell-CR2032-lithium-batteries--pack/dp/B006GDL0FY/ref=sr_1_4?s=hpc&ie=UTF8&qid=1415331282&sr=1-4&keywords=cr2032 Good luck, it's a great tuner!
hi mine started acting up like that and I removed the battery and reinstalled it and it was fine . or if your battery gets low it will act up also .
There is an extended warranty on this item of two years by OnBoard Research Corporation., providing you deliver proof of purchase when requesting warranty service. You can mail the defective tuner to: On Board Research Corporation, Warranty Dept. 1600 North Interstate 35 East, Suite 107, Carrollton, TX 75006. Their number is 972-446-9700 & www.tuners.com. Hope that helps
It should, as works on vibrations, electrics too!.
It works by measuring the frequency vibration of the strings, so I believe it would work fine for a ukulele.
You can but it defaults to recording stereo. On something like garage band it is as simple as changing the input from stereo to mono and then that opens up a second option for a second input in mono. This is a great little interface. I use it regularly.
Yes, the phantom power switch is on the back. I sometimes forget to power it on for my condenser mic! This really is a very slick little computer interface, I like it a lot.
It's an XLR/TRS combo input. So yes. Either XLR or 1/4" TRS.
Yup. Used it with Ubuntu and Kubuntu. Linux has low-latency drivers built-in, so you're good to go.
Yes you can, it also has a mic input so you can sing & play. Enjoy!
You'll need a "Lightning to USB Camera Adapter" (Apple Store). Plug the aforementioned adapter into the iPad Lightning port, then plug the included USB cord into the adapter.
I use this to boost and monitor my mic inputs. It does not replace my H4N for recording...I may send the output to the H4N if the levels are low.
Yup. Even supplies phantom power like that. It's a real audio swiss-army knife.
Yeah, I guess, but it seems overly complicated, and unnecessary. I'll assume you want to track both the USB signal, and once you go through all that stereo adapter business, your gonna run it into the computers headphone/mic input? Then you have to convince your computer to record both the USB signal, and the now degraded signal coming from the 1/4" TS to 1/8" TRS Y adapter input simultaneously. If you can do it than you can do it but why not simply duplicate the stereo USB tracks in your DAW?
The usb will give you the output into your computer with recording software. You don't have to have the audio outputs run into your computer to record, it comes in on the usb. On whatever recording software you are using it should show up in the input/routing section or menu. You can do what you are asking with a 2x1/4" to 1/8" Y-cable or a 2xXLR to 1/8" Y-cable but there is also a headphone output so you can use a 1/8" to 1/8" instead if you wanted to record that way.
Has to be connected to a computer or lap top via USB cable. Computer has to remain on the entire time. I would keep shopping if I were you. I liked it at first, but keeping the computer on all day/night is an energy waste and suddenly the USB connection will not work. Not happy with this product.
I have the same question too.
Did you hook it up to a regular Tv ? Or are you talking about the monitor it comes with?
I'll try to answer this. If you purchased this new, and it won't stay charged, it's likely a malfunction, but if you bought it used, or second hand, the batteries in these devices are only intended for about 1 year. Also true with any other mobile device. Go on the uniden site and buy a new battery.
Sorry to break the bad news but, it's time to either get a new unit or keep it plugged into the wall from now on. This unit has some type of proprietary battery that is not replaceable. I had the same problem and had to just get a new unit. Upgraded to the Uniden UBR243 model.
As a matter of fact they do have such a camera... A bit pricey though.. Even cellular technology as well. These uniden will do what you want but they only stay charged for about 4 or 5 hours. I have taken an old game camera that didn't work, gutted it and placed a camera similar to these in it for the same operation you were talking about. A lot cheaper too. Good luck!
No, I agree the volume is low but I was aware of that before I purchased based on previous reviews. Other the that its been a very good system.
press the "ok" button first and then toggle left or right from 0-20
The video camera can stay plugged in but the monitor should be used cordless until the battery runs low. At that point you should charge it. The battery indicator symbol on the screen will turn red to alert you that the battery is low. The monitor uses a lithium polymer charged battery. So keeping the monitor plugged in all the time will reduce the cell's capacity and ability to deliver the full rated current.
No. It needs to be plug in for a power source.
I have the same question - one of these or a completely different keyboard to learn piano?
Honestly, I've no idea what you asking for. I bought it for my daughter's music practice. Sorry for not being helpful.
Casio denies that this model features any touch response, and using the item seems to confirm this. The next model up, CTK-3200, does have touch response.
I had to go and buy an adpater from radioshack
On the CTK 2100, they are not weighted. You have to step up to the CTK 3000 for weighted keys.
I do not think this will work as this is specific to keyboards listed and the keyboard fits in it. I looked up yours, but detailed specs to check size are not listed. This is 54x5x13. It is really sturdy. Sorry cannot be of more help
I'm not familiar with this model. However, I see that this stand is made for several models with either a "3" or a "5" as the middle number of the model. That may be significant. I'd check the width and depth dimensions.
Probably not. The screw heads wouldn't line up properly.
Designed to fit the PX130, PX150, PX330 or PX350 keyboards.
I have a CDP-130 and this stand was NOT compatible with my keyboard. I believe it is only compatible with certain Casio PX models. I ordered it and after assembling it, I realized it didn't fit. Plus, it cost me $27 to ship it back! I wouldn't risk it.
14 1/2 inches
Wood. Very sturdy if correctly assembled. Nice finish complements the keyboard.
The stand is the width of the keyboard by the length of the keyboard by about 36 inches tall; Two uprights and one cross member plus fixing items. The packing the stand comes in is slightly larger than keyboard length and width. Thus I would imagine the 62 inch dimension would be exceeded.
It depends on the keyboard that you have. I bought this for Casio PX130 and it fits very well. According to the manufacturer, the CS-67 keyboard stand fits other keyboards such as PX150, PX330 and PX350 as well.
I bought this for my daughter-she has a casio privia px-130 88 keyboard--she is very happy with both! hope this helps:)
I have been using REW with this mic. The software is free from home theater shack and is a great tool to measure speakers and look at the measured acoustics of a room. Hope that helps
Just barely shy of .5" according to my tape measure.
The Dayton EMM-6 is a balanced mic with an (3pin) XLR connector. It requires a minimum of 15 V dc bias voltage. The BSR uses a typical electret mic which is usually biased with 5 V dc and uses a different socket. So the simple answer is no ,you cannot use it with the BSR.
usb connection. mic comes with a calibration check list. however, the mic falls way below industry std so you will not have to make corrections from readings on spectrum analyzer or with dayton software. run the program and it will give you an address to obtain the calibration file.
This isn't the tool you want for just measuring volume. Get a Radio Shack Db meter for that.
Yes, the calibration file is provide by Dayton Audio (UMM-6 and EMM-6), or MiniDSP (Umik-1). Cross Spectrum is a resaler. Sorry, I am dont speak english very well. Alvaro Jr from Brazil
this mic is designed to be a flat response real time analyzer mic for pinking and time aligning sound systems, wrong tool for the job for recording or live micing applications imho.
I think the straight answer is NO. The USB carries digital signals and has 5 Vdc on it. The mic has an analog signal and requires a phantom power supply of at least 15 Vdc according to the specs. So obviously the answer is 'no'.
For SPL measurement, I imagine an SPL meter of sorts. I'm not the expert on SPL measurement - for me, I got this for my dbx Driverack PA+ as a cheaper alternative to the dbx offering.
Yes it has two balanced and two unbalanced outputs on the wireless receiver. Yes it can be connected to your mixer with two short mic cables that will connect each wireless mic transmitter (once the wireless connection has been established) separately.
Yes.
I think you probably would need an adapter. The unit uses a small transformer but I didn't notice a 110/220 switch on it. Also, the 60 vs. 50 hz would likely be a problem for audio equipment.
To plug it into the average home stereo you'll need an XLR female to 3.5mm male adapter, such as "GLS Audio 6-Feet Cable 1/8-Inch TRS Stereo to XLR Female - 6' Cables 3.5mm Mini to XLR-F Cord for iPhone/iPod/Computer and more - Single"
No. they have their own power source one plugs into the wall and one use battery
Dwayne, The microphone receiver is powered by a converter module that comes with the unit. The converter input plugs into a standard AC wall socket and the output plugs into the back of the receiver. Hope this is helpful. - Chris
You need speakers and amp. You can buy all in one unite which means your amp is part of your speakers. Remember the quality and sound depends on your speakers. The better the speaker the better you sound.
Yes there is two on the back
There are two XLR female plugs ... one for each channel that will plug into the sound board.
Yes
The base station is powered with an AC Adapter
The output is a mono 1/4 connector non balanced. It has two xlr balanced connectors, one per channel. Usually TASCAM recorders have two 1/4 connectors - left/right - You will need a Behringer HA400 4-Channel Stereo Headphone Amp - Or a Y split. Y-SPF-2SP 1/4 Inch Mono Female to Dual 1/4 Inch Mono Male Y-Cable 6 Inch-by-TecNec
S este sistema se puede utilizar con una videocmara. Slo que tiene el cable correcto (1/4 a 3.5) http://www.amazon.com/Hosa-Cable-CMS105-inch-Adapter/dp/B000068O35/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1422506730&sr=8-1&keywords=1%2F4+to+3.5&pebp=1422506741595&peasin=B000068O35
Hello and thank you for your inquiry. We do not recommend this unit to be used with any camera/camcorder since it does require a "microphone input". However some camera/camcorder does have built in "microphone input" which might work fine. You may want to take a look these two systems below which do have built in One 3.5mm AUX output, One 1/4 inch mix output and Two XLR output. Front panel has built in 3.5mm TRS earphone output for real-time monitor function. 1. Audio2000s 6952-M UHF SYSTEM, ASIN# B00IJIJW2C 2. Audio2000s WV6951M VHF SYSTEM, ASIN# B00I9N5ZGY Hope this help.
It is a flat button that slides from on to off.
I don't think so.
I live in central Florida and Connecticut. When I purchased the unit, there was no discussion of its use for specific frequencies. It just works in both locations without difficulty.
This unit is designed to work with an amplifier or sound system. it is possible to record thru those 2 components provided they have the output jacks.
Yes it will work. Keep in mind there are two XLR outs and one 1/4 out. It would be better to use the 1/4 (mic system) out to XLR (camera).
I have a Roland Street Cube, the larger one that sits on an angle and also runs on bstteries. I use the system with my native style flutes.
Does yours take rca plug in?
This footswitch changes channel and effects- the Champ 20 has only one channel - So this footswitch is not going to help you-Mike
I do not have that particular amp.I have a "hot rod deluxe III".but since it is a genuine fender product I can only assume it will work with work with your amp .
no volume knob exists on this foot switch
I want to say yes. But I know it doesnt work with the smaller amps. Is it.a fender amp with two channels distortion. If.so I would think it works
This pedal is the replacement foot switch for the Hot Rod series of amps. It switches between clean and the two drive channels.
The XLR is usually used when there is a long distance between the microphone receiver and the amplifier. I use the 1/4 inch when the receiver is nearby the mixer/amplifier.
9V - Lasts about 4-5 hours
Yes
I do not use rechargeable batteries, I use the regular alkaline type and get my 4-6 hours that I need out of them each time. I replace the batteries on the next gig in order to assure no surprises midway.
My experience has been very good. We've used it for a guest dance teacher on the floor with music playing and only her voice is coming through. We set the microphone about 2" to the side of the mouth and it seems to only pick up the voice. We have the gain set very low.
An AC power adapter is included.
Hello, Unfortunately we do not recommend this system to be used for singing. The system is best used for speech. Hope this help. Thank you
Hello, Thank you for your inquiry This system has two channel which able to have two people use the same time. However the headset is not recommendable for a stage drama especially if the play requires the user to jump or do any acrobatic play. It is best to use the headset with headband but this system's headset does not have headband. Hope this help
Battery is in transceiver.
You can do it either way.
actually includes a hard mount, like this... http://www.amazon.com/MXL-MT-001-MT001-Hard-Mount/dp/B00119QDPA
yes all condenser microphones do use phantom power :) but these to are a great deal I've cut EP's with Just these to mics, i wasn't easy if your have a little extra $$$ then I'd say go with the blue "bluebird" mic cause it's a little more crispy and has a better high end where these 2 have a better low end frequency response but for the money this is a pretty darn good deal!
The 991 has a much more full sound. Both are great condensor mikes, but also have a very high SPL tolerance. I'm happy with my purchase.
Its male
The cable needed for this mic is an XLR. Make sure you have a mixer to use it with ;-)
Are you talking about the mic or are you talking about a mixer?
Hi this mic is extra sensible, very good. For example I use it in my room and rec the birds singings outside. I am Happy with quality. It gets sound from everywhere.
Thank you for your inquiry. Unfortunately we do not ship outside of the US on Amazon.
Shipping cost to UK via USPS is U$D45.40 Doesn't cover Custom fees at destination It is for shipping only Thanks 1by1shop
Hey Candy, This microphone works with phantom power, so if you want connect it to your computer you are going to need a phantom to usb adapter such as Blue Icicle. Blue Icicle adapter is going to allow you to power your mic with your computer and record with any application or software of your preference after you set it up as your computer external mic. You can find this in amazing too. No cords come with the mic set, you only get the pair of microphones plus the microphone's holder for each one. MXL is a great brand and this pair will offer you an amazon sound quality, although, the problem with phantom powered microphones is that they are very sensitive to temperature. You are dealing with professional equipment, there for maintenance is important. If what you are looking for is a good quality usb microphone, i will recommend you to take a look at Blue. They build great usb powered microphones such as "the snowball. very portable, not too heavy, extremely durable and most importantly good sound quality. this lil guy comes with the stand a cord, ready to go. amazon prizes this product for $49.99 (half the prize of the MXL 550/551) If what you are looking for is good quality and portability, ready to go mic. I will recommend you to go for the Blue Snowball microphone. Great from home standard recording. Otherwise take a look at the blue icicle usb adapter to connect it to your computer. Good Luck!!!
I'm not 100% certain but it would probably work, presuming you mean an XLR to USB interface such as ART XConnect, Shure X2u, Blue Icicle, MXL Mic Mate, etc. But if you mean a straight wired adapter with no circuitry I feel that would not work. Be aware that the MXL R144 Ribbon mic has low output (like all/most ribbon mics) relative to other types of mics, meaning a pre-amp is typically required. Perhaps the interfaces I mentioned that have integral pre-amp would provide sufficient "oomph" but I don't know.
You would need a microphone stand, a microphone pre-amp, and an audio interface (ADC) to record into your computer (and an XLR cable to hook it all up). Most audio interfaces have microphone pre-amps built into them, look into the Focusrite 2i2, M-Audio M-Track 2-channel, Behringer UM2, or Behringer XENYX302USB depending on your needs.
It depends on what sound you want. I had a close friend who played bansuri, For some reason, probably a deficiency in his technique, his playing always sounded "breathy". The ribbon mic smoothed it out and totally addressed this problem. Now when you refer to flute, I presume that you are referring to the standard, keyed, metal flute. These tend to have a very sharp metallic sound. Sometimes this sound quality is what you want, because it will stand out well in a mix. If you want this sound, then don't go for a ribbon mic. However if you feel that the sound just has too much "bite" then the standard approaches are either to turn the treble down in your EQ or to move the microphone considerably further from the flute. For such situations a ribbon mic is a good choice because you can still close mic it and you probably wouldn't need to EQ it at all.
Yes it's works very well with instruments
This mic requires a standard XLR (microphone three connector) cable. If you wish to use this mic for PC recording you will need a computer interface for recording from standard studio gear. This is a remarkable mic for vocals, but as is characteristic of ribbon mics, it needs a mic pre-amp pushed a bit more than with a standard dynamic mic such as a Shure SM58. Do not employ phantom power with the R144. Yes, it looks very much like a condenser mic, but it is not the same. Condenser mics require phantom power. Phantom power can seriously damage ribbon mics.
The R144 is a ribbon mic and not phantom powered - you must NOT apply phantom power. The V67G is a phantom powered condenser microphone. Different technologies altogether. The ribbon mic uses a aluminum ribbon for a sensing element and produces a warmer sound requiring a lot of gain from your mic pre. The condenser is very sensitive and provides much greater frequency coverage. You use a ribbon mic to tame harshness or to obtain a particular vocal quality richer than a condenser but less accurate.
You must NOT apply phantom power to a ribbon mic, including this one.
No...this is not a USB mic. Standard XOR output. I upgraded the transformer with an Edcor unit which really improved the output level and sound. Mic is NOT hum bucking so you will have to experiment with positioning it to avoid picking up stray RF noise...just like a single coil guitar.
A ribbon microphone is best explained by the experts, so I have included a link http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S-6uFydUH-A.
It is very low on feedback. The problem is you must have it very close to your mouth for it to pick up.
It must be connected to a speaker to be heard. ...John
I did not like the quality of the sound or the quality of the materials and construction. I returned it. I would not recommend any friend to buy it, so save your money.
I don't know. Actually untill now I am not using it yet, I bought it for PA system use in our community and no chance yet to try it.
Yes. You need to put it on bank b and then it will pick it up. YouTube it there's tons of videos
if you want a program like Serato/ Virtual DJ you can slave it to it and drop samples and beats it is just a MIDI controller it don't really have any sound it just takes anything that you put into it
yes it comes with everything you need to get it up and running
Probably not. You can assign sound to the pads, but this sound needs to be recorded somewhere else. This device doesn't record.
It has software for it if I'm not mistaken, and it hooks up via usb to your computer. Not sure what you mean by guitar boxes, and yes depending on the DAW you are using you can create your own samples.
Yea. There are all types of drivers online. My imac didn't need drivers. My protools 9 recognized it
I used it without the cd, but in some cases you might need it. I downloaded the software for it but never really used it.
Thre is only a usb connection.
This a Midi controller. This is designed specifically for computer use and will only work when connected to a DAW. I currently use FL Studio with it right now. It is great but my only problem is when I plug it in and activate it with my DAW the pads are not correspondent with the pad on the computer. I have to resync it everytime I open up the plugin. Other than that particular problem the AKAI MPD18 is fine. You have to record the sounds live by using the recorder while the metronome is playing usually, unless you're just that good that you can consistently crank out the exact same bpm every time
It's a MIDI controller compatible through USB. I doubt it will work with an iPad. I would be suprised if somehow otherwise.
Yes. If the software supports midi it will support this device. But I suggest just saving up a little more for an mpk25 or one of the other keyboard/drum pad combos. Also I was dissatisfied with the sensitivity of the pads themselves. Ended up reselling mine on craigslist within 2 months of buying it.
no. you can gave up to 4 separate midi layouts at one time by cycling with the program button. giving you a total of 32 knobs and pads.
The pads are basically on off switch. The knobs are only able to control sliders. Which basically means it will control a fader or volume. Anything that has a beginning and an end. They will not control jog dials. I use it with virtual dj. Hope this helps.
It's just a mdi controller. It doesn't have its own sound gemerating machinery.
Did you re-start your DWS and/or your computer? I haven't had a single problem, but that doesn't mean nobody ever had one. I don't mean to insult your intelligence, but if you haven't tried this, try this: unplug your LPD8, restart your computer, plug in the LPD8, launch your music software. Good luck!
I don't believe that's a feature. You cannot light the pads up for a live performance, just play samples
Unfortunately no, not out of the box. There is supposedly a way to install something that will allow you to not have to re-map the knobs every time you switch tracks, but it did not work for me when I tried to set it up.
It can only be used to trigger sounds in your DAW. It is used as a MIDI input device much like, say, a MIDI keyboard.
No this is a midi controller. If you were to map a sample to a VST sampler, Reasons Kong, for example you could. It however stores no local sample data. You cant get away that cheap dog :(
Yes its a midi controller. Midi controllers work with midi sequencers.
You could also download Ableton Live and use the trial version. Unfortunately, the trial version does not allow saving, and it's a big download size, but it's a very powerful application.
Yes indeed, this is a class-compliant MIDI device, and is compatible with any program capable of receiving MIDI signals from a controller. It requires no drivers to work with any version of Windows or Mac. This includes 64 bit operating systems, Windows 8, and Mac OSX Snow Leopard.
It does work on Windows 7 64 bit. I don't know about these who claim it doesn't, but as far as I know, it works both on my main composition computer (Win 7 64 bit) and my laptop (Win 7 64 bit). Cheers.
Yes
Hi Ling, This keyboard has a USB-MIDI interface, so it uses a standard USB port, and uses that to send MIDI data to your computer. So, you have no need for a separate MIDI cable - just plug your LPK25 into your computer's USB port, start up your MIDI software, and rock & roll. :)
Yes. A program like fl studio or ableton.
Get this. It will be great for quick reference, especially when in front of the computer. For many class assignments you'll have in a Music program, you'll want a 49 or 61 key keyboard though. You'll end up having both this micro keyboard and a larger one before you graduate.
Yes indeed, this is a class-compliant MIDI device, and is compatible with any program capable of receiving MIDI signals from a controller. It requires no drivers to work with any version of Windows or Mac. This includes 64 bit operating systems, Windows 8, and Mac OSX Snow Leopard.
Yes it does. It work with Windows XP through 8.1. It is completely plug and play.
No - not straight into the keyboard, as far as I'm aware.
I am using a Line 6 Pod500X pushed through a Behringer and a Crate into the cabinet and it sounds really great. Mids and Highs are excellent but speakers (or cabinet design) don't push the lows as well as my other cabinets.
yes it'll work it'll give a warm sound
MDF
Unfortunately I don't own the 333 xl so I can't say for sure. I will try measuring the top surface for you. It's pretty big and substantial and it sounds great. I run my little Bugera V5 through it and I love it. I caught it on sale here at Amazon a while back.
Yes. I personally use it with the Bugera 333 infinium. As long as your Amp head is less watts that the cab you should be fine.
its a midi controller, it should work with with any program that accepts midi in or midi out
yes, because EZ Drummer 2 is a VST. And, with the PadKontrol being a General MIDI enabled device, should be no sweat.
The general consensus around various forums seems to be that the the Korg's pads are much more sensitive than the Akai's. I recenty purchased the PK and have no complaints; the pad sensitivity is indeed spot on.
Yes it does have a factory warranty however only new. I believe it's one year from the purchase date.
Brand new out of the box? yes Other than that, don't know . "Monoprice.cpm" has usb cables for about a dollar a piece
It does not. But, Ive seen them placed within a snare stand. That gave them a sturdy base and could be angled.
No, this is a midi controller only. So it has no on-board sounds.
I would think not if it is not noted. There is a free editor avail. From the Korg site. The pads are note assignable so they can trigger notes in just about any music software that accepts midi note info.
It's a USB class compliant MIDI controller, meant to control software plugins being ran on your computer, but it also has a generic MIDI-out port that you can use with any hardware.
Mine came with a zipper case, so that's what I use. It plays well too!
Medium Fender Concert Ukelele strings. Please feel free to call me anytime with any other questions. Thank you very much, Adam GTRSTORE 646-460-8472
This has 19 frets Nikk. Thanks.
NO this uke is a very nice sounding tenor.
I got this guitar for my boyfriend and he told me he was having problems with a string not sounding right, which may be the same issue you're having. He took it to guitar center and they said the guitar was just cold and dehydrated. With this crazy winter, they said a lot of guitars were having this problem. We put it in a room with a humidifier for a few weeks and it's back to normal.
I don't know. I've never seen the Deluxe version nor read much about it. But I have to admit that since writing a not-so-great review of the Hellcat that I've played it much more and enjoyed it much more. And in the dead of winter my humidity is really low but this guitar has held up really well. I leave it out. It really does play well and keeps sounding better. But now that the price is at $349, I'm not sure it's the great deal it used to be. I paid something like $255 for mine. But I can't think of a better guitar for the money.
Yes, you can string this guitar with nylon strings. It is braced for steel strings, so you might not get the optimum sound out of it. Rule of thumb is this: you can re-string any steel string guitar with nylon strings. However, guitars braced for nylon strings (which provide less tension on the body and neck) may not be able to support the increased tension of steel strings. I hope this helps... Good luck and keep on rockin'!!
The measurements are. Lower bout 15", upper bout 11 1/2", body length 19 1/2", depth 3 3/4", overall length 41". Nut width 1 5/8".
as i remember it came with a strap. i put on a different one. and it has a satin finish.
No. You have to get the Fender Tim Armstrong Deluxe Hellcat to get a case.
is not compatible with serato dj software. Only with traktor and virtual dj. brings the original software traktor pro 2.
Hi Brian, Traktor Audio 2 - 1st gen doesn't work with iPad as the power received from iPad to audio 2 is too weak. Only the 2nd gen Traktor Audio 2 has a separate power and hence it works directly with iPad.
It comes with the necesary cables for 2 decks
It comes with cables, it comes with 2) 1/4 to rca cables and the usb to connect to your computer
Google search reveals that it will work with Pioneer equipment using ASIO so I assume it will work... I suggest asking NI support directly via email to be sure.
The serial number on the device is your permit number to download the pre paid software
The short answer is yes: it ships with TRAKTOR LE. The long answer is that it probably doesn't include the software you're looking for; note that NI's website says "TRAKTOR PRO 2 and TRAKTOR DJ sold separately." But interestingly enough my Traktor Audio 2 - which I purchased a year ago - says right on the box "TRAKTOR PRO 2 With Remix Decks Included," which leads me to believe that they recently changed what software it ships with and also explains the reduced price (it was $99.99 when I got it). So if you're looking to get Traktor Pro 2 you'll most likely have to buy it separately if you buy one of these new. Hope that helps.
I do not know of the DJ cable. If you have the equipment to play and monitor 2 independent sources (deck A & B) then you may not need this. I picked it up to enhance the output from my Sony laptop and to prepare tracks for mixing, for example, monitor Deck B while Deck A is playing out and heard though the speakers.
NO
It's basically a thick bag, I store my pedal board in it then take it out when I use it. The bag itself is very well made. easy to transport with strap.
Yes
I've had it for about a year and zip/unzip it a few times a week. So far no problems.
Depends on how you space them out. Its just open cloth platform using velcro tape to secure pedals.
Outer dimensions are listed as 2.5" x 12" x 21.75". Interior is slightly smaller, but the sides are flexible, too. I actually use mine to carry a heavy-duty power strip, bass effects pedal, guitar effects pedal and high-end direct box, along with power plugs and some guitar cables. Works great to keep it all in one place so I can sling the gig bag over my shoulder and have everything I need with me. It's a great item that I use a lot. Hope this info helps.
The bag is actually the pedalboard. There is no separate removable board
12 inches x 20 inches
the bag IS the board. the entire bottom is the soft side of the velcro. so you just put your typical bristly velcro on the bottom of your pedals and it sticks to the bottom of the bag. the bottom panel of the bag is very stiff and padded. As for thickness of pedals.....I have a TC Flashback x4 pedal....fits just fine. does not slide around at all but also could probably fit something taller. If you have something taller than my TC it's probably a lot more expensive and maybe you should think about a 'pro' pedalboard. This thing is designed more for someone on a budget who just wants a good basic pedal setup and is not ready to drop $100-200 on a pedaltrain. good luck!!
It's soft
This is Star's husband. I use a Zoom H4N and change the settings to dual channel. You have to change the audio when your editing it to dual. I had the same problem. I don't know of any way to change the settings on the unit.
Microphones are mono and usually only work on one channel. What amplifier are you connecting it to?
Yes, you can.
I work in my garage so I've never had any trouble with distance. 18 feet is comfortable enough, although I suspect it can possibly do three times that distance.
yes
I have a Bass Guitar too, but I never thought to use it whit bass. I don't know if it makes a good work because all the effects are tuned for the guitar's audio spectrum. In fact there is a Zoom for Basses. But I can try an tell you the results. ....... Out of curiosity I've tried with my bass, but as espected, the effects more frequency dependent like the wah-wah work really bad, the less dependent like the delay work better. There is the Bass counterpart of this pedal effect: Zoom B1 Bass Multi Effects Pedal It's quite better ti take it.
According to my experience the amp simulations offered by the G1N are enough to satisfy any taste. Distortion: all the kind and strengt you want, and a good noise gate and compression. It is an entry level Multi Effect but it is complete.
No
Delay not very good. I have a DigiTech RP 55 that does it all. I would'nt buy the Zoom again. Hope this helps.
I haven't found that effect on it still an awesome pedal for the price !
No, pretty sure it would be ok with any Amp.
I have not used as part of a set up so I cannot answer that. As for sound loss, I have not experienced a loss of sound. If you mean volume loss or tone, no I have not heard it diminish in that way. Even the phase shift does a nice job of keeping the volume level consistent. That is something I experienced with other units back in the 70's and 80's. You would get this great roaring effect on the up and down but the volume and richness of the guitar sound faded, as the phase faded downward. I loaned this to a heavy metal player to try out and he didn't like it because he claimed it was too crispy and didn't distort as much. The distortion is there and if you want something to disguise bad playing so you can pound out bar chords for hours, this unit is not it.
With my personal experience, I did not have any trouble following the manual.
Well, yes, you can but it has a bunch (50 or more?) presets and a lot of them are user presets. You can switch between presets with the footswitch and can assign. say, 3 or 4 effects you want to use for a given song and switch back and forth between them with the footswitch. Sorry for inexactness but I'm at work.
I bought them and they didn't seem to work very well. Just fyi.
You need to turn on the mic power
Unplug them immediately unless you have purchased the XLR adapter from us. A standard XLR adapter will pass 48v phantom from the USB interface into the mics and burn them out. This is not covered under warranty. We do offer these mics with XLR connectors and we also offer the correct XLR adapter if you need this. 800-213-3021
Yes I believe so. I use them with a Zoom H2 because it doesn't work to plug them into a computer directly.
They are as labeled. We have to update the listing.
No, this is simply a small microphone. All it does is capture the echoes and phase-shift from your pinnae which creates a very (very!) realistic stereo sound: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Binaural_recording
Yes, but you need the Tascam iXJ2 interface also
You would need the SP-SPSB-10
The H4N phantom power only works when there are XLR ins, so the workaround I use is +24V phantom power in the H4N settings, feeding the mics into a Y-splitter to 1/4" stereo, and I feed those to impedance adapters, female 1/4" to the male XLR's (x2). I bought these products to get the job done, http://www.amazon.com/Hosa-YMP-434-Female-8-Inch-Breakout/dp/B0010D0HO0/ and 2x http://www.amazon.com/Planet-Waves-Female-Balanced-Adapter/dp/B0002E53O2/ And no I don't endorse any of these.
yes it comes with Ai5, halion one is also included
manufacture indonesia
i don't think so. lame, i know. you'd need to get on the phone with them and they'd probably help. customer service is good with these guys.
No
Sorry but I don't own this anymore, didn't use it that much..The owners manual should be online.
I used it in a parade. Two problems. First, it will not work well in windy conditions. Second, the light is way too faint outside, unless in darkness. This is really an inside decoration. For a really good fire effect outside, use a Camp Chef portable fire ring Model GC-LOG-2. Understand, that produces a REAL FIRE.
I don't know where you can buy replacements but you should be able to get China Silk at your local fabric store. You could cut out the shape you like and glue on the little magnets.
This item only works on 110 volts, if you have 220 you will need a step down transformer.
Sue: Ours does not have an actual sack...it's just a single piece of silk and flutters quite nicely. Many people come by thinking it is an actual fire and are surprised to see it's not. :)
A bigger version is either the Enferno by American DJ or Firebird by Chauvet.
It plugs into the wall and it's really not that loud
Yes, legs are removable. Can be used free standing or hanging.I measure 11 inches at its widest.
Not able to measure it exactly, but I believe it to be approximately 12" tall, give or take an inch or two.
Yes, it does plug into an electric outlet. It's great for parties......no actual fire. The ambiance is great especially if you put logs around it.
To be honest, we didn't get to use it this year. I did see one at RV place and I'm sure yu could use it outdoors as long as the weather is nice, hope that helps!
I just picked one up today, it's amazing. I don't know how it compares to the original, but I'm pretty happy with it. I switched from playing ethnic drums (congas and djembe) to electronic drums (zendrum) a few years ago. I really love the zendrum but I've missed the simplicity of playing a single surface like the djembe. The Wavedrum feels about like a djembe with a synthetic head that's not terribly tight. It's very comfortable to play with your hands and you can set it up for sticks. The sounds are are mixture of samples and synthetics that are modulated by the input from the drum head, so the drum feels very live and acoustic (I had a Roland Handsonic, the Wavedrum feels much more real and responsive). The sounds range from fairly realistic acoustic sounding drums to completely synthed out analog sounds. It is not a midi instrument, in any sense, if you're looking for a controller but it's a very cool instrument in it's own right. The only downside I can see it the parameter editing is done through a completely minimal 5 button, 2 knob interface but I suspect they're trying to hit a low price point. If it's successful, maybe they can put in a USB connection and make some editing software.
I comes with power transformer and cable only. You can hook up headphones or you need a 1/4 TS cable to hook up one of the two audio outputs to an audio interface.
Hello, yes the will plug into anything with a Line Input, Thanks from 8thstreet Music
im from Costa Rica but i think that only the warranty of korg is valid on my country
no, the wires come with a headshell not a cartridge. Or you can buy the wires separately.
Your major concern should be with the effective mass of the tonearm. I believe the Pyle has a mid- to high-mass tonearm, so you would not want to mate it to a high-compliance cartridge. The CN5625AL should work just fine with it.
you should not need to buy a stylus because it is part of the unit.
I understand your frustration. I do not wish to add to it. I suggest you contact the manufacturer. Stanton is a "top shelf" brand. I have found Audio Tech to be equal in performance at 1/2 the price. will it fit your application? I do not know. contact manufacturer.
The CN5625AL cartridge in this picture is the style that mounts with two screws. Assuming the cartridge that you are replacing mounts the same way. The back of the your old cartridge has 4 male pins coming out of the back of the cartridge. Connected to the 4 pins are 4 tone arm wires that have round female pins soldered at the end of each wire. You will need a pair of needle nose pliers or tweezers. Using the tip of the needle nose pliers, carefully unplug each tone arm wire pin, one at a time. Be sure to pull it from the pin, not from the wire. After all 4 tone arm wire pins are unplugged from the back of your old cartridge, loosen and remove the 2 screws and nuts that were holding your old cartridge on to your headshell. Take the new cartridge and instructions from the CN5625AL package. The instructions will tell you how to remount and rewire the new cartridge. Please note, there are some turntables that use a similar Audio Technica cartridge, that are glued directly into the tone arm, and are not removable. If this is what you have, you can only replace the stylus, not the whole cartridge. Regards, Premium Parts+
Yes, it will work because the Optonica RP-7705 has a universal headshell. Yes, the screws are included. I'd recommend a higher grade cartridge, which can be found for a few extra dollars. It'd be worth the investment in improvement of sound quality. Good luck.
Yep. The PL12D is an underrated turntable and a great match for this cartridge
sorry but I can not answer with complete certainty I would say yes but am not a 100% sure, good luck
yes it will .no problem
Phono cartridges are commonly "standard mount" or "p-mount". Google your turntable to find out which mount is required. This AT CN5625AL cartridge is standard mount.
Yes! It what I have on my Technics SL-BD20D sound good for the price.I thought of getting a Grado P-mount cartridge.
P-mount. Yes.
I am 99 percent sure that it will work just fine. I found a photograph on eBay with the needle in question fitted on the turntable you are referring to which leads me to believe that it should indeed work. I also read some of an operator's manual that I found on the Internet that says that the needle in question will work. That's what I'm basing my answer on. I have a Technics turntable myself but it is a simple belt driven model. Based on the research I did the AT3482P.7 fits belt driven, direct drive and quartz, (I'm not sure what that means), turntables and I'm confident that it will work for your SL-Q200. I bought a AT3482P.7 roughly six months ago and we use it nearly every day and it works great. I hope this helps. All the best to you and I hope you have a great holiday season. Gordon Pearson Eagle River, Alaska
Yes!
hi yolanda, one simple word, yes.
Hi, I don't know, but check with www.needledoctor.com
In looking at that turntable on VinylEngine.com, I can't tell exactly, but it looks like it uses a standard mount cartridge, not a P-mount, so this would not work. I Googled "N-48 stylus" and found a couple of results. You may want to try that and see if any of the cartridges look like what you have on there. You may be able to see if it looks the same and then use that one. But I don't think this one will work.
You probably need a ground cable for the turntable.
Absolutely.
I'm using the Audio Technica AT3482P in my Technics SL.Q300 turntable and it is working OK. Good Luck.
Hey - Yes, this system will allow for either stereo or mono mode, and each bodypack has what is called "focus" mode which allows you to mix between either the left or right audio source. Hope that answers your question. Thanks! Scott
As
No, we are a dealer and the items are new. Thanks
I'm no expert but the obvious Answer which you probably already know is choosing a range that witless microphones are not on keeping all the frequencies that you are using away from the others so interference is minimized. Another basic thing to remember with these senns is that the earbuds wire acts as a second antennae. So make sure your buds are TRS ends only...not TRRS. Buzz city. Hope that helps
Yes. The band is stated in the name of the device "IEM G3-A-US". The B and G frequencies are listed accordingly.
I've used mine for almost a year never had a problem.
This supports one. You need a transmitter for every person and a reliever for every person. There may be another model that supports more than one. This one does not. The only way to get a feed from this to multiple people (however, they would all have the same Mix and would be hard wired, is to run the headphone out to a headphone amplifier/splitter. You would still be able to have one wireless pack and the rest hard wired.
The rechargeable batteries for this are the BA2015's and the charger is the L2015. You should get 4-6 hours of continuous operation out of Duracell or procell batteries.
This will not take a microphone, only in ear headset for monitoring purposes.
Yes it does. It is 3 pieces. Base, neck, and clip.
Yes
I dont see why not. There's nothing that would block the cord.
It should. I use two if them with large AKG and Beringer mics and they work fine.
I am not quite sure but it is adjustable so I think it would fit most any type. I purchased one for our church and had no idea if it would fit and they were able to fit the mic quite easily. Good luck! I think it is great value!
It will not connect to a tripod. There is no threading. You simply slide a microphone in the sleeve. It's a tight fit for the microphone we use. The base is heavy and stays put well, but the top leaves much to be desire.
The mic holder is open-ended and will flex to accommodate and grip most dynamic microphones. That being said the end of the gooseneck is threaded at a standard diameter so if your mic came with a holder or you want to use a shockmount you should be able to use them just fine.
it sits freely, there's no mounting holes or anything on the bottom
Yes. When you receive the gooseneck, you have to assemble the base, neck, and head.
I wouldn't see why not, at worst you might need a different mic holder but I've always found SM58's to fit darn near any holder. Plus they're not so heavy as to cause the gooseneck to sink.
I'm not sure but I will tell you that this stand is a poorly constructed POS.
Yes, but don't expect quality at all. It's problaby the worst stand I've ever had.
Noting plugs into the mic stand; it's strictly a stand. Depending on what type of mic you have, you either support your mic with the basic adapter that comes with the stand, or by the mic shock mount with the included mic stand adapters if you have recording mic. You then plug yoor USB or XLR plug in to the mic directly.
As far as the stand goes, I do not see why not. If you are going to leave exposed to the elements, i.e. rain, sleet, or snow, it is not "rust proof" although it is painted. Hope this helps.
6+ ft. fully extended
Yes............
Yes, but I would spend a few dollars more and buy a mic stand that will last. Children will destroy this flimsy product; I'm a professional adult musician and this has already fall apart from normal use. (See my full review for more details :O)
The Pyle-Pro is a very light, inexpensive small floor boom stand. It works fine for Unisphere, and Unidyne Mics; the Audio-Technica AT2035 looks like the higher-end Studio-type--the Pyle should be able to hold it but you might want to invest in a slightly higher-end stand--especially if you're working with higher profile talent--I ordered a batch of the Pyles because they will get a lot of school use (audio-visual) with hundreds of people over the school year--if they break it, it's no great loss....Good Luck, Dr. Mike Meehan/SUNO
It should. When i got my stands, they were rusted and the screw that held the mic holder kept coming off with the mic. If you want to use this for travel, get something else. These aren't durable enough to with stand lots of travel. I would say to get this. It is only a few dollars more. http://www.amazon.com/Stage-Stands-MS7701B-Tripod-Microphone/dp/B000978D58/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1411496329&sr=8-1&keywords=on+stage+stands+boom
No you cant boom is stationary.. really sucks proline isbetter pyle pro is a very flemsy stand.
It does come with a strobe. I keep it adjusted at the upper range of speed, but that was when the line voltage was 106.6. Line voltage varies tremendously. This is an inexpensive turntable and does NOT have a synchronous "locked into 60 cycle" motor. I think it performs well for the money. :)
Leave the anti-skate set at 0 for records in normal shape. Set it for records with lots of skips. More skips-higher number. My counterweight I have approx 2g. These work for me. It varies depending on the vinyl quality.
The turntable has a pitch control wheel so you can always keep the rotation in perfect speed.
I run Linux on my PC, so I can't address the Windows issue. And I don't think I even used the USB interface at all ... I just used the "line-level" output, and plugged that directly into my PC's sound card, and that worked perfectly.
Yes, I am using it with a Mac and it works just fine. You will need to download the software, Audacity, from the internet but it is freeware. I have to use the gain control on the back of the turntable to adjust gain as the Mac I am using will not allow me to change the gain in the software.
No
The tone arm does not automatically return on this model. You have to lift it when the records finishes playing. I don't find this to be a big deal for a nice turntable that costs $100
If your laptop is a full OS computer (Windows 7, 8, Apple OSX, etc) rather than a mobile OS computer (Android, Chrome, Windows RT, iOS, etc) and it has an available USB port, then the output from the USB on the turntable can be brought into your computer. Laptop or desktop doesn't make a bit of difference in a computer, the operating system and available ports do.
No
yes
It has a small headphone plug. It is the same size jack that might be used on a portable radio or MP3 player.
I'm sure it would work, but I think they make one for a bass that might sound better.
If you mean an electric/acoustic, like a semi hollow or hollow body, it will not add any sound past your headphones. It can't hide any acoustic sound, but you can add significant volume to your headphones to get a decent electric sound. I often practice with this device with my jazz bass to stop my wife from going crazy.
Yes. It will work with any type of pickup.
As long as your blutooth sending unit has a 1/8" stereo plug I don't see why not. I have a METAL Unit that I use all the time with standard ear plugs. I never thought about it but I have a set of Bluetooth head phones that I am going to try.
You can certainly plug in mini speakers - though how decent the sound is depends on the quality of the speakers you use. I use it as a preamp for recording in Garage Band and it sounds great. I also use it as an overdrive/preamp with my practice amp. That has a 10 inch speaker and sounds fantastic. Through mini speakers you will certainly get a good sound - but as mentioned it depends on how good they are to begin with.
It's not designed for an acoustic guitar. It does not have a pickup.
Seems like it might be a flaky ground connection. If you've tried other headphones, and if you don't get a buzz when you plug your guitar into another amp, I'd guess that the AmPlug has a faulty ground connection inside, most likely at the 1/4" phone plug.
I can't imagine why it wouldn't work. I'd be interested in hearing the timbre that you'd get out of that.
China
The Baby Taylors have interchangeable necks, and since the Swift commemorative is a Baby, that is what the screws are for. And as far as the guitar being of poor quality, yeah right. You cannot go wrong with a Taylor, as these guitars are held up to the highest standards of quality. They use nice wood and even the small bodies produce rich, full, loud tones. Your daughter is lucky to be playing a Taylor.
Yes
Ours came with a great soft sided case.
It does not! You need buy the strap separately. Very nice guitar thou!
Yes, it came with an embroidered soft case. Deffinately worth the money --- great little guitar!
Yes, it does come with a nice matching case!
All guitars can be used by left or right handed people.
Not sure... This guitar looks exactly like the pic, has fearless, and Taylor logo on the inside.
It is not too small... It is just a matter of preference.
The TSBT2 Graphics are a bit different, featuring Taylors quote "Love Love love" entertwined in the vines.
I use it to tune my violin
Really well, I am an oboe player and bought it for tuning up orchestras and tuning my oboe when I'm playing. It works really well, has a long-lasting battery and is accurate.
It does not come with a clip-on mic, but it does have a built-in microphone that works well. It also has an input jack for an external microphone.
Forever, The Korg is not biodegradable. If you mean how long will the batteries last that is a different story. It only took me five minutes to tune my guitar and then I turn it off, so I would imagine the batteries will last a long time.
There's a removable clip on the back of the tuner. It should have come with batteries. To remove the clip compartment where the batteries reside, look at where the arrow is pointing and press firmly and push down to remove it. The tuner uses 2 AAA batteries.
Nope
This devise responds to the tone that is emitted from your instrument in major or minor sharps with the scale in digital display which is easy to read. I use it with my harmonica and it works well. Hope this helps you ,frankly I love it and am very happy with how it works.
It does have an input, for an electric guitar jack but no earpiece. I don't play the flute.
According to the manual the detection/tuning range is A0 (27.50Hz)-C8 (4186.01Hz)
Yes it will.
No. Both of mine have ran cool for long periods of time
Sorry, not sure. It's adjustable. I would estimate at it's slowest, it's about two flashes per second, and at it's fastest, it's like an old-time movie (maybe 14-24 frames or flashes per second).
electric
It would work, but not from a distance. It would be better as a garage type decor.
No
110
Possibly, the flash speed is adjustable. however you may need 2 or 3 for the proper effect.
If you wanted the true strobe effect it would not work that well because they won't sync up with each other. If you just want flashing lights, that's what it would be. I ended up buying the big round strobe that is a real one. Well worth the money and will do what you need for that room.
Certainly, if purchased thru Parts Express on Amazon it does ship in 1-2 days. Thank you for your interest.
Sorry, I don't know. I'm from the States. It plugs into just a regular plug in over here.
Individual pegs are $16.95.
Fit so the pull of the string tightens rather than undoes the thread in the peg hole.
Hello Richard, I'm not sure the Knilling 4/4 size tuners are sold in different "sizes". I simply ordered the 4/4 tuner and installed the ones that were delivered. Installation was pretty straight forward and only a tiny bit of hole reaming was required to obtain a good fit. There is a very good YouTube tutorial on how to do the installation.
I have installed those Perfection pegs only twice. I would think the main concern would be the size of the peg hole. If it is too big it would need bushing, which is more involved than a basic peg installation. They work well on the two I did. I don't see why they wouldn't work for a viola.
These pegs only fit violins.
Held in place by friction just like regular friction pegs. Depending on the size of the hole they are to be inserted in, you may need to reem out the hole a bit.
George wait,, Im sorry, I told you wrong... I took another look at those pegs and they do NOT have the buttons on the end.. I never noticed that until now.. Sorry again!!
Hi, I bought such a set from Amazon; as measured by a Starrett caliper, the outside diameter of the smallest part of the peg is 6.4 mm. Diameter of the peg at the collar is 1 mm. The length of the peg is 45 mm from end of peg to collar. The peg heads, are smaller (a couple of mm all the way around, and thinner) than the standard 4/4 peg. Each peg is clearly labeled as to which are for the treble side and which are for the bass side of the peg box.
I need you to specify exactly what you need. Do you need 6 boxed sets, or 6 individual pegs. If you want individual pegs, we need to know if you need treble or bass. Thanks.
this is listing is for the 7/8. If you wish a different dimension from B&G Music, you can email us after purchase.
The stand showing the front of the cello. Love this purchase. Very well made and sturdy for cello, plus a place to hang the bow on the back.
I just measured mind. The bottom cradles are adjustable all the way up the top of the legs; the top piece can slide down into the leg base. Minimum distance might be 13". I bet it could hold a violin in its most collapsed configuration.
The only contact point on my cello is at the neck and underneath, both of which are contacted with a foam-like material. There is also a foam section on the part that is closest to the back of the cello, but there is so much clearance that it shouldn't hit it anyway. So...I can't imagine how it would scratch an instrument.
I'm gonna say 7 or 8 pounds ... very sturdy and well constructed - and easily adjustable. I don't take it on gigs - stays in my studio. But well worth the price. Good Luck!
Super easy to put together...took longer to get out of box then put together. The base is very secure. I have two children and a dog and have had it bumped several times with no issue.
Yes, it will.
I would contact Ingles to see if you can get a replacement pad. They should be able to provide you one. Good luck!
Yes
You know I just looked at the image of the stagg and I don't think it will work ... The curve of the bottom of the bass sit on those curves and there are no curves on the bottom of the Stagg.
Great question. It's plastic but it's not the cheap kind. Trust me, the strap is very secure, and the "axle", I should say, is very tight and it won't let your cello/bass go anywhere. It's an extremely well-made, sturdy product and I highly encourage you to get one yourself. Thanks for asking!
No.
Yes, the tuner has a backlight so it can be used in daylight and darker conditions. Therefore, it requires a battery a CR2032 type battery, that does not need to be changed often. There are three buttons along the bottom and bottom angled edges. The button on the left edge adds up to four flat signs (I don't use that feature, check the instructions for why you would use it). The middle (bottom) button turns on the power/light, and the right button is a calibration that cycles through the pitch between 430 and 449 cycles, the default setting is 440 for concert pitch. I hope that helps with even more details :-)
We never had to buy a battery. Sorry. You might trying asking Batteries Plus if you have one in the area. Otherwise a music store that sells it would be able to tell you.
Mine came with a CR2032 battery included.
Yes it works by picking up vibrations so you can use it even when not plugged in to you amp.
No you don't. Using a sharp object on rosin will cause it to break into pieces and shorten its lifespan. What you do is simply apply the rosin to your bow hair. I find a few full bow strokes over the surface of the rosin is all that is necessary. This particular rosin is Jade green, and over time your bow hair will turn green. Use a washcloth to remove excess rosin from your strings where the bow comes in contact with them. Pinch each string gently with the washcloth between your fingers, and gently clean your strings one at a time. A washcloth can also be used to remove fingerprints from the body of your cello.
It doesn't. xD
Dark
Yuuuuuup
Not having used Andrea, I couldn't say about the comparison. Jade, made in England, is one of the two rosins I have used on violin bows (both baroque and modern) for years. It is superior as fas as dust is concerned and only occaisionally do I have to wipe down the strings. It is worth the $12 or so to try it and see how you like it.
It is okay for most applications, however, I found it did not last long enough to maintain the "bite" needed for fiddling. I suggest you try something "softer", but watch the residue build up. You could try a cello rosin. I haven't tried it yet. I use Bernadel violin rosin, and like it very much.
Yes, you may, if the trailer supplies 12VDC. Note however, that this item is not waterproof, therefore it must be protected from the elements.
Yes.
No.
Sorry, they are not available in those lengths. However, these strips are cuttable every 3 LEDs, approx. every 2", at designated cut marks.
No.
These lights are red, and not for outside, and you need some traning with electricity to set them up and use them, its an LED ribbon not a rope light, you may be looking for a LED rope lights instead....
Just plug them in...
Not sure got them for my friend who Is a d.j.
Your house runs on alternating current, AC. The LED lights run on direct current, DC. Thus , there has to be a gizmo to convert AC from your house outlet to DC for the lights. Sometimes they're called power supplies and sometimes they're called transformers. In any event, you need the gizmo that goes between the LEDs and the AC outlet in your house. The DC end of the gizmo is a cylindrical fitting that receives the lead wire from the LEDs. The other end of the gizmo has a normal two-prong plug that plugs into the wall. So that the lights don't glow all the time, there has to be a switch in the circuit somewhere and that depends on your particular situation. You may be plugging into a wall outlet that already has a switch in the circuit. If that's the case, you don't have to do anything more. If that is not the case, you'll have to install a switch between the AC plug from the gizmo and the wall outlet.
use http://www.amazon.com/LEDwholesalersTM-Strip-Light-Connector-Ribbon/dp/B004Q8LXO4/ref=pd_sim_hi_7?ie=UTF8&refRID=097AXFT5GX4M62GPWM40 or use http://www.amazon.com/Ledwholesalers-Single-Color-Strip-Connector/dp/B0077JZZUW/ref=pd_sim_hi_19?ie=UTF8&refRID=097AXFT5GX4M62GPWM40
Width is about 5/16" Thickness - Varies thin film part is aprox. 1/64" - at each LED it is aprox. .125"
Get one of the ones labeled "waterproof".
The LED strip I bought was only one color.
We purchased this AC adapter: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B003WJ218U/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o04_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1 So no batteries... not sure if that's an option as this is the only thing we've done. Works great and plugs into the outlet which is connected to the light switch.
no but you can order waterproof units. I have had a strip outside for over 2 years and it works fine. Search IP66 LED STRIP or waterproof LED Strip
You need a 12v DC, 2 Amp power supply. Check out eBay.
Wiring 3 sets in parallel is good. However, they operate on 12V DC. The transformer referenced seems to be AC (as indicated by "30 kHz" on the secondary side).
Wiring 3 sets in parallel is good. However, they operate on 12V DC. The transformer referenced seems to be AC (as indicated by "30 kHz" on the secondary side).
Yes. They run from 12v dc so a battery would work fine. Run-time will be determined by your battery size/capacity... you would need a battery of sufficient size if you plan to run these very long or if you want to run multiple strips (think motorcycle or car battery).
"In" an RV - Very good application
Yes, 24 watts for the whole reel. It comes as one piece that is 16.4 feet long. You can cut 98 pieces that are 2 inches long off the reel at designated cut marks if you wish. Hope that answers your question.
No, I do not believe for a minute these could be used in marine, underwater or heavy water environment. Just don't believe it is possible. Moisture ok perhaps, but not exposed to direct water or immersion.
These LED strips operate on 12VDC (see product description), therefore a proper power supply is required (such as B0034GUEY4).
No
20 gauge is fine for short connections but I would use 16 or 18 for long runs. I used lamp cord (18 gauge) for about a ten foot run and it worked OK. If you use smaller wire for a long distance it will work but your light output will be diminished. For those who don't know - the smaller the wire the larger the gauge, so a 20 gauge wire is smaller than an 18 gauge wire. Think of electricity flowing through a wire like water flowing through a pipe - the bigger the pipe, the easier it is for water to flow through it.
Check the "Frequently bought together" section right below the picture. It lists a transformer that works well with it.
This will do it then. Straight up LED soldered metallic ribbon. I have had for months now and works great.
it is a flat ribbon circuit board, you may want something like this if its is exposed http://www.amazon.com/dp/B00JXGVJ02?psc=1 see this video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pdlM3DoI6gk
The specifications for the 5Meter LED light strip states each requires 12V and 24 Watts, this means that each 5 meter array draws 2 Amps. The specs also state that each strip must be wired separately not in series, because the internal printed wiring cannot handle more current than each strip requires. This means each strip would require a separate wire running back to the supply if you want to use a single power supply (transformer). If you were going to use a single power source you should select one that will supply the 24 watts for each or the two and a half strips you plan to use. The total would be 24 X 2.5 = 60Watt, to add a safety factor I'd just use a 100W supply and a dimmer of an equal size. The hook up wires can be 24 guage wires, red and black are the standard colors and Amazon sells 50 foot rolls fairly cheaply. One set of wires will be needed from the power supply to the dimmer and then a separate wire from the dimmer to each of the light strips. I have not had any problems with the light strips, I left the lamps rolled up on the spool to increase the heating, ran the strips at 15V to increase the stress even further and let them run for over a month, no failures in any of the sets I've used. I cut the strips to the lengths needed and converted many of the Light in my RV. The power draw for the lights was reduced by two thirds, not bad when your camping on battery power. Well have fun, practice up on your soldering, the contacts are small, but doable, Good Luck, Have Fun
Just "smelled" it and can't pick anything up
Yes, we do. However, if the order is fulfilled by Amazon, they may be shipped from separate fulfillment centers, and possibly from different batches (we cannot know). You may call us for assistance: 510.264.1688 (M-F, 9am-5pm, Pacific Time).
Hi Rob, I attached these lights directly to the bottom of some Kraftmaid cabinets. The cabinets have a very smooth polyurethane finish. The tape is separating in a few spots. They haven't fallen off, but I question it for the long-term. Another method would be to router a grove in the bottom of your railing and insert a mounting channel (http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0080IB4E0/ref=s9_simh_gw_p60_d2_i3?pf_rd_m=ATVPDKIKX0DER&pf_rd_s=desktop-4&pf_rd_r=1H5XQQDR5387MRXBZRFV&pf_rd_t=36701&pf_rd_p=1970566842&pf_rd_i=desktop), and put the lights in there. Search for 'mounting channel' on Amazon and you will find some options. Good luck!
They require DC voltage. They are rated for 12V. They come pre-wired for connection to an AC/DC converter. I wired them to a 9V battery and they work fine.
Not sure. It is very sticky and I believe it would stick as long as the surface is clean and dry.
Yes, there is a adhesive strip on the back that works well, but doesn't leave behind any residue if it needs to be repositioned. The light is more of a warm (golden) color.
No power supply provided. It requires a 120V AC to 12 V DC transformer / driver. You will need to figure the amount of amperage required based on the number of running feet in order to purchase the correct transformer / driver for your particular application.
Sorry Cynthia, I have not idea what would make that product worth over 30 times the price. Note that you chose the warm white color (2000k). The neutral write (4000k) & the cool white (6000k) each give slightly more light at a cost within pennies.
would not recommend. They will likely short out secondary to heat and moisture.
Yes, roughly every three Diodes. There is usually a little line and a pair of scissors marking where you can cut it.
You'll need soldering skills. Otherwise the little connectors that you can attach at the ends sold separately are a viable option but It's not hard to solder. Just buy a Weller soldering iron and watch a few videos on YouTube.
That's a female input adapter plug its basically for a 12v power supply to plug into. As you know those common power supply you see included with small electronics, they usually come with a male end to plug into said electronic. You find these power supply adapters right here on the river
Yes, you can solder wires onto the LED strip.
These are not warerproof, so no. They do make ones that are waterproof for outside use.
It is a kind of orange/copper color. It is a printed circuit board.
more is always better!! I have only one of them with smaller lights to go with it!! I love it!!
I dont believe so.. You can adjust the sound sensitivity but thats about it... Also works best with fog
Yes it will work with 220v. There is a selctor switch on the rear of the unit that can either be set in the 120v or 220v.As far as the light goes it is an amazing show. I use it at all my DJing Gigs.
I personally have not had the chance to take it back to Europe yet but I have taken back a lot of equipment such as my Numark 4trak turntables and other devices which have not had any issues regarding voltage differences that are found in European outlets versus American outlets. I cannot guarantee anything but I really don't think you will need a transformer to convert the power.
The lights flash to the music, and it has a built in strobe light in the center , as with all led lights it looks a lot better with a smoke machine. with the smoke it looks great..
Yes, this is a large diaphragm condenser microphone. The "large diaphragm" refers to the circular surface that you see behind the mesh screen of the mic. Large means a larger circular surface as opposed to a smaller circular surface. When you sing, rap, play instrument, etc. in front of the mic, the sound that you generate vibrates against the diaphragm creating the electronic signal that is transferred through the mic into your recorder or PA system (in live performances; although generally condenser mics are preferred in the studio while dynamic mics are preferred for live performances due to the sensitivity of condenser mics to loud sounds, i.e., live performances). The size of the diaphragm (in this case large) affects the clarity, volume, EQ, and general signal quality that you get. Large diaphragm microphones (LDMs) are generally the choice for studio vocals, and any instrument recording where a more "deep" sound is desired. A large diaphragm microphone generally warms up the sound of what it's recording, which also leads to the myth that most LDMs reproduce low frequencies better than small diaphragm mics; this isn't true, in fact, small diaphragm mics are much better at reproducing everything evenly, including bass. You'll want a pop screen if using a condenser microphone for vocals; they're so sensitive to transient noises that the "P" and "SH" sounds you make will cause distortion. Small diaphragm microphones (SDMs) are generally the best choice where you want a solid, wide frequency response and the best transient response, which is the ability for your microphone to reproduce fast sounds, such as stringed instruments. SDMs are also the preferred choice for concert taping. I hope this helps.
It will not work without a 48v phantom power. You'll need either a mixer that have 48 volt phantom powered XLR input/s, or a 48v phantom power adapter.
so much better(another world)
In order to use this microphone with a computer you need an XLR cable like the one in the link below http://www.amazon.com/Planet-Waves-Classic-Series-Microphone/dp/B0002GML68/ref=sr_1_5?ie=UTF8&qid=1410153976&sr=8-5&keywords=xlr+cable And also a computer interface that has phantom power, as the one below http://www.amazon.com/Behringer-302USB-Premium-5-Input-Interface/dp/B005EHILV4/ref=sr_1_7?ie=UTF8&qid=1410153840&sr=8-7&keywords=behringer+mixer Obviously you also need a USB cable (similar to the ones used in printers).
Hello, in order to record with this microphone you will need an usb audio interface that has 48v phontom power to power the microphone. Just search audio interface and you will find plenty of them in a wide variety of prices.
I don't think so since mine plugs into my PreSonus Tube Prev2 preamp but I'm not sure. You will need to power the mic which is what the preamp does and you will need a mixer and I have the M-Audio FASTTRACK PRO mixer. Sorry I'm not much help. I went to Guitar center and talked to the engineers there about the set up.
Yeah man. This mic can handle just about anything.
The Rode is a good mic but I would go to a Guitar Center if available and see what their tech guys say. You will need more than just the mic but also mixer and preamp but again check with them
this mic needs +48 volts(phantom power), you will need a pre-amp with phantom power that will work with reason(most will but check with maker)
I would recommend the Avid Fast Track Solo. There is even a version that comes with an educational version of Pro Tools. Also, well under 200 bucks.
The LP5A 3 Pedal unit does not work with the P35B Yamaha keyboard. It will not plug into the keyboard. The only pedals available for the P35 are single pedals for sustain.
yes, it is a shame they don't sell it as a package deal(all three together)
I ordered this and the stand (Yamaha L85 Keyboard Stand for Yamaha P105B, P95B, & P85B) and didn't need any additional hardware.
From the Yamaha site: "The LP-5A has sustain, sostenuto and soft pedals for a true acoustic piano playing experience with your P-105 or P-95 digital piano. Requires the L-85 stand for mounting purposes. The LP-5A is available in black to match P-95B and P-105B or white to match P-105WH." Notice you will need the stand kit installed if you don't already have it.
It seems to me as tho it is all or nothing...
My assumption, looking at the pedal unit, it needs the stand (or something) to attach to so it doesn't tip over. The support board in the back, rides about 1/2 inch above the floor while the pedals are on the floor. But using the pedals would knock the whole thing over. I assume you could screw two triangle pieces to the ends to keep it stable, but it appears to need something to keep it from falling over. Hope this helps.
Yes it works great. Good redone and sustain
I think the pedals are the same. One just has better advertising copy and they attach to different stands. LP7A should work with the p105. I know the LP5A works.
When we purchased it, we believe it has a single pedal and we bought the three pedal unit. Hope this helps.
Just the 3 pedal portion is about 11 inches wide and 6.5 inches deep.
What Armando is looking for is a feature like Lopped Based sampling . Im afraid is no posible via footshitch , becouse it has not a Footsw in jack. But , It could be posible via MIDI in and Midi Skills trying with global control change messages. regards
Yes it is
Yes, technically answering your question. The pads are not touch sensitive to begin with. But you can resample on multiple pads with varying volumes or effects and line them up consecutively if you want the sample to be progressive for whatever reason.
it's a hardware sampler, meaning it doesn't use midi to control any sounds, it has it's own sounds. you could record into reason (or any DAW, I use Fl) using an interface.
It did not when I got mine.
Yes it does.
Black pegs. Thank you, Adam GTRSTORE 646-460-8472
My C7 has no visible "made in" sticker, but I am 99% sure it was made in China. Doesn't really matter to me, it is a very fine guitar for the $.
44"L 9"D 20.5"W
It does have traditional Spanish fan bracing, but I can't find anything about the heel joint. I will look later today and let you know. Daniel
We do a free setup on all our guitars before shipping. We check and level the frets and set the action at 3.5-3.7 mm on the 6th string, 12 th fret. Let us know if we can help you with a guitar! Calido Guitars
Yes, it has a two way truss rod. We set up the guitars, level the frets if needed, and set the action at 3.5-3.7mm before we ship them. Let us know if we can help! Daniel
2 5/16 or 6cm
Like some of the fellow reviewers below, I am a novice classical guitar player. I have been playing steel string acoustic and electric for a couple of years but want to develop my guitar playing further by trying classical style. I did try the yamaha at a local guitar store in my area. I agree with bpickin that you cannot go wrong with a yamaha. In fact, my primary acoustic guitar is a mid-priced yamaha (actually acoustic/electric) and I love it. As best I could play some notes and chords on the yamaha C40 at the store, I liked its sound and thought that the overall tone was pretty balanced (neither the high or low end was louder than the other). That said, I bought the Cordoba C3M anyway. Why? First, after reading reviews (for what they are worth) and talking with friends who play steel string electric, I decided the cedar top was the preference among those that actually know more than I do. I also researched and found some articles on the different types of wood and decide the mahogony for the sides and back were preferred too. And given Cordoba's reputation and focus on classical guitars, I felt that it would be a good choice (I actually put together a spreadsheet with the different guitar parameters important to me to help guide the choice). I had the money to buy the C5 but just wasnt sure about my ability to master classical style so opted not to invest quite so much in a guitar. I cannot comment on the CP110 as I didnt really give it a good look (But the reviewer below makes a good point that the "pak" gives you a lot of needed accessories if you dont have them already). Looking at current prices on Amazon for the C40 and C3M you are talking about a $75 price difference. If that's meaningful for your budget right now, consider how serious you are about playing - if you're going to work on classical style (it's tough) then maybe the cordoba is a good choice. If you're not sure - go with the Yamaha. Since I owned a Yamaha, I wanted to also own "something else" (I know that's silly). But $75 can buy a nice case or stand for the Yamaha. Either way, you cannot go wrong. As for actually ownership, I did have a significant shipping issue that Amazon resolved as only Amazon does - quickly and with total satisfaction. The C3M came and the bottom of the guitar was significantly cracked. When I got the replacement, it worked well right out of the box. No real buzzing strings and stays in tune pretty good so I'm pretty pleased with it. Hope this helps and enjoy whichever one you get.
Pick a cordoba. All it's model have truss rod, I.e. A mechanism that allows to adjust action. Sound-wise oth are decent.
China I believe.
Yes, it's a nylon stringed guitar.
Regular sized classical guitar.
I believe that it would be fine, as long as they are both full size. You could just look up the dimensions for both and compare them. And if the C40 is to small, you could just add extra padding around the edges.
All solid wood.
It fits my Cecilio electric 4/4 CEVN-1 fine. As long as you at least half of the lower bout there you should be ok.
Hi Tammy. I think that it would fit your viola because you can slide it on and adjust it so that it fits your shoulder comfortably. My daughter has been using it in class for about 4 weeks now and all is well. I originally was going to go to the music store with her teacher to find one that fit her and her instrument; however, upon putting the Everest on the 4/4 violin, everyone agreed that the Everest shoulder rest was great fit and very soft to her jaw/shoulder position when she plays. Please feel free to let me know how it works for your viola because a few of my daughter's classmates are using the Everest or sponges until they can get an Everest/or music store shoulder rest for themselves. Most of the viola players had their original music store purchased shoulder rest in her class she told me when I asked if any had an Everest. Hope this helps.
Not at all. In fact the ends (clamps) screw out for extension. I use mine fully extended and I dont consider myself to have a long neck.
I'm sure it is as technology is always getting better. I've found this particular shoulder rest to be very comfortable. Its squishy enough to be comfortable but doesn't totally give way like the spongy foam rests.
Yes it will fit a 3/4 size violin. You will need to adjust the feet. It's very simple and self explanatory, or a teacher can do it.
No, it can not be used on a 16" viola since it for 4/4 size violin. For 16" viola, you have to buy Everest Viola shoulder rest.
The small one adjusts to fit a size 1/2 to 3/4 violin. The large one adjusts to fit a size 3/4 to 4/4 violin. We do not carry the extra small ones which fit a 1/10 to 1/4 or the 1/4 to 1/2 sizes. If you have any additional questions please let me know.
Like on the market? Idk. But I highly recommend this one. It's so good
The shoulder rest comes in two sizes, 1/2 to 3/4 and 3/4 to 4/4. The shoulder rest is designed to be flexible and can be slightly adjusted to fit your specific size. I would recommend getting the 3/4 to 4/4 size so you can keep using it when you move to a larger size violin. This item is decribed as the Everest 4A Violin Shoulder Rest (3/4 - 4/4). I hope that helps
I don't believe so but the arms are adjustable. they've got about a quarter of an inch to a half an inch of room that they can move
I like it better because it stays on the violin better than my old Kun. The feet are made so that the toes can move a little which enables the grip. There are holes in the rest so you can position the legs two ways on each side. The curve of the rest stays on my shoulder better than the Kun. I have used my Everest for a few years now. The foam is still soft, and the rubber on the feet still grips well. I used the height adjustment on the Everest legs to increase the height because I have a long neck and it is a perfect fit. I used to be embarrassed when the Kun fell off while I was playing. The Everest has never fallen off, even when I'm playing hard. At this point I don't think I'd go back to a Kun.
Yes it is EC-4
If you have a full size (4/4) violin yes the shoulder rest will fit in the case. If the case is any more small, the rest will not fit.
The photos accompanying your question are not clear to me. So I will say that there is a non-collapsible and a collapsible version of the Everest. They look identical in a photo unless one is collapsed. I have been 100 percent satisfied with my collapsible version. It has plenty of adjustment options so it fits the violin snugly without falling off. I hope this helps.
I'm over 10 yrs experienced eastern style classical violin player. I haven't found any noticeable difference in sound or tonal quality with a good violin. I have tried different violins that include professional violins and even electric violins like yamaha SV255 as well. But this is just my opinion. The only factor that can affect the sound / tonal quality is how tightly hols your violin between your lower jaw and shoulder. Some people hold violin a bit tight between shoulder and jaw. This same effect might not be reproduced when using this shoulder pad.
Yes. Almost anything that will fit a 4/4 violin will fit a 14" viola. The viola body is only slightly thicker than a full-size violin, and it's wider too, but by even a smaller margin. I have a 14" viola and among the six or so Everest rests I've bought for my violins, one stays in the viola case. The width adjustment is pretty variable, and it might even be useable on a larger viola. If you adjust the width to be a little too narrow, so that you have to pull the right foot out some after the left foot is already on, the plastic back will flex and act like a spring, pulling the feet together for a fit that is very tight and secure while playing. The feet are made of a rigid, non-marring rubber, or else that strategy would damage the finish on the edges of the lower bout before too long. The foot material seems almost identical to what is used for those large black rubber "Ultra" practice mutes that stretch all the way from side to side of a bridge. It's plenty stiff enough to hold the rest, but not hard enough to mar finish or dent wood.
Not familiar with a Mach One - Sorry. I just know this is the best, most comfortable, adjustable, never falling off your violin, shoulder rest. I've used several other of the popular ones and have converted all my student to this model - That's saying something!
Yes.
It uses 2 AA batteries. Yes, they are removable. You can also use rechargeable AA batteries. The M10 has a menu setting so you choose whether you are using regular store bought batteries or the rechargeables. The menu setting determines how the battery charge indicator reports back to you. BTW - battery life is exceptional! The M10 is a favorite choice of many tapers. Check out the website taperssection.com. Do a search for the thread Sony PCM-M10 in the recording gear forum. It's a huge 7 part thread that has great information. You will not go wrong with this unit.
Absolutely!!! It's a great live Music recorder. You have the option also of reducing the sensitivity of the Mic for recording sounds in high decibel areas such as concerts , which helps in reducing distortion. In my opinion a collector's item .
Wrong. I routinely use 32GB microSDHC and 64GB microSDXC cards in my Sony PCM-M10. The 32GB microSDHC cards can be used directly, without reformatting them. 64GB microSDXC cards have to be reformatted from exFAT to FAT32. See this link (with instructions for using a Microsoft Windows OS utility) that I posted to the Head-Fi forum almost two years ago: http://www.head-fi.org/t/456327/sony-pcm-m10-as-portable-player/120#post_8727898 I don't have a Mac, but it's my understanding that its OS has a built-in Format utility that allows you to select FAT32 at the type. Enjoy!
On my unit,, the record and pause buttons light up when engaged.
No. But initiating recording is easier than on my old Zoom...
No it's 4.5" x 2.4" x 0.8" (H x W x D)
Get her to a quiet area, preferably just you two. You can then put the unit away from you two and begin the conversation. I have used it in a dance hall setting to record dance instructions and have found it is great. I know that the New York NPR reporters use this device; I was at an event where they were using it and commented that it was the same one I used.
Hi, Using only the half inch speaker from the recorder, very limited in frequency response, no bass at all and very low level; but if you put it on a solid table surface and raise volume to max level, you can hear it ok from a foot or two, no distorsion. Using a pair of good headphone, sound is excellent, loud enough, no distorsion, can easily be used as a Walkman. When I use it to record musical performance, I always carry good headphone to get better monitoring. Louis
It's not a Mac application. You need to use Audigy or something that's equivalent. Alternatively you could use parallels or virtual box windows emulators and install Audio Studio
I suggest going to "The Sound Professionals" website. I bought a set of their tiny SP-CMC-8 mics there and could not be more pleased with the sound. These were somewhat pricey, but they have MANY options. Good luck!
It should it comes with PT. However mine did not come with PT - it was the rack only.
The particular item you are referring to does not come with Pro Tools software, but I am willing to throw in Pro Tools express for free. The listing that includes Pro Tools 10 software can be viewed at the following link: http://www.amazon.com/Avid-Eleven-Rack-Pro-Tools/dp/B00EW9ZD70/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&qid=1383162612&sr=8-2&keywords=Avid+Eleven+11+Guitar+Interface+Rack+with+Pro+Tools+11
If you buy it new from Digidesign/Avid then the answer is Yes. But it is much higher than ebay/street price. Most of the ones on ebay do not have Pro Tools. It will work without it but the full editing and importing must be done in the plugin in Pro Tools. When this first came out it had PT 8 LE. Some on ebay have PT 9 included. Many people just kept the PT license and sold/resold the Eleven Rack. Make sure that you get it with the Expansion Pack. New amps and effects. The Multi Delay is the same as PT and is worth the price of the Expansion. If you buy used be sure to get the license and disks or a way to download them. And DO NOT do a hardware reset to default settings on the rack or you will lose the expansion pack. Otherwise, I recommend the Eleven Rack. I use it live and in the studio and I like it alot.
This starts on F below middle C also. I sometimes wish it was an octave lower, just because that is such a lovely sound. The bass melodicas are expensive!
No batteries in it at all. Works off you blowing into it while pressing down keys
Info on www.melodicaworld.com. The phone number for Yamaha parts in the U.S. is 888-892-6242 (option #1). Parts take 4-6 weeks. These are the part numbers for the blowing pipe, which is in 3 sections: mouthpiece 35-1 (W4070180), hose 35-2 (W4070040), 35-3 joint (W4070210).
Never had any issues that would need repair. I've been pretty rough on it. You might be interested in a higher end Melodica.
Yes, this set comes with everything. It also has the key in order to adjust the sound, my son loves it, he's had it almost a year and we've had no problems at all.
Approximately 5 feet by 3 1/2 feet depending on how you like your drums spread out.
It was six months ago that I ordered so if my memory serves me correct there was two large boxes and one smaller but long one. I think the weight was approx 50 lbs. The smaller drums were inside larger ones and only had one (or no) head already attached. Hope this helps.
CRASH/RIDE
Hi! You should definitely be looking at the full size sets...thanks!
We thought it was worth our money.
Yes it does.
2 boxes, both about 20x20x20? Give or take a few inches.
My son is 8yo and it is a little big for him, but he can grow into it. It is a full sized set.
2 boxes total
If it's a good burn. As long as there's no problem with the CD-R, if it's an audio CD-R, it should read it.
All the cables and cords necessary for operation came with my new dual cd player
Yes.....BUT ONLY "SONY" CD's! Jimmy Cole, CROC RADIO
Absolutly not!
Within limits. For example, to an exising pre-set effect you can adjust reverb (with a variety of reverb settings), or modulation (like chorus or flanger with a range of settings) but you can't do both reverb and modulation.
You can save many, many custom effects, or customize on the fly. Just read the instructions carefully and they will explain everything you need to know to operate the pedal perfectly. I love mine, and it has about every combination you can imagine for a cheaper pedal. About the only thing better would be a custom stack with lots of expensive equipment. I have a very cheap electric guitar and a cheap fender amp and it makes it sound like a professional setup. I would highly recommend this for the beginner or even someone who needs something universal to play gigs. Great buy, can't go wrong!
Keeley is a boutique compressor (hence its price tag), so it would be hard to compare anything to it. The G1XN manual says: "This is a MXR Dynacomp type compressor", so you'd be better off testing a MXR first. The G1XN offers 9 preset levels to choose from. When combined with a mild drive setting (like the Fender '65 Twin Reverb) it boosts the signal with very pleasant results. With heavier drive options (Like the Peavey 5150) a very strong sustain can be achieved.
Yes
Yes
You do not have to connect headphones but if you connect a large jack headphones should be heard but I have not tried it so.
It is included with the power supply only, you need to acquired the connections cables separately
There are some effects uses wah and other just uses volume. Im gonna tell you the true, thats not the best pedal for wah effect but talking about price-benefits its excelent.
Yes, it does.
Yes. The pedal function can be programmed for one effect per patch.
yes you can use headphones,thank god im the only one that can hear me.lol
Yes, it is. I have been using it with the original Rocksmith and it works great. I'm sure it works with the newest Rocksmith because all you need is the cord to plug it from your console to guitar. It really is a great guitar for the money. I did, however, ditch the amp that comes with it and bought a Fender Mustang 2, what a difference. Enjoy.
I think electric is a little easier. Same chords and all that. Technique is a little different but transitioning shouldn't be to difficult.
its about 2 to 3 feet long
No
I would take it to a local guitar shop. They'll replace strings and set you up for no more than $5 a string.
yes it is a good guitar.
The description of this guitar says that it is a right-handed guitar.
Davison
Yes it should be compatible but you may may need a second opinion because I'm not an expert! Happy Holidays!
Yep! It absolutely works with Rocksmith.
I believe it is wood.
Im not a guitar expert nor do i know how to play...im learning but sounds good and the brand is Davidson i believe which is pretty known guitar brand....i read the reviews before i purchased it and it was good so thats what made me purchase based on the good reviews...now i dont know where its made from...i would have to check...but looks good in person...light weight and alot of people that i showed it too loved it
Short answer: Yes. Long answer: Yes, straight out of the box, used the cable that came with the game, and it works fantastic together. I'm still not very good at the guitar though...
Hello! It does not come with an electronic tuner. But there are tons of free online tuners and tuner apps you can use with this or any guitar.
No
It does somewhat when up full tilt but your not getting that big of an amp so don't expect to sound like Slash !!
You have your high and low volume...cord output course...headphone jack and overdrive..if thats what you mean...for a basic amp its pretty cool...I dont know much about guitars or amps too much but sound quality is good
Nope, Its a Davison Guitar. More info on their site here : http://davisonguitarcompany.com/home.html (this is not a US company btw)
I don't think it does, but it's a rather durable guitar.
Yes
Windows or Apple. I use Apple. I use this turntable with a different software called DJAY and it works really good
It does not have a beat match feature. Works really well with the djay app on the app store.
No because it comes with a disc that has the dj program to make the controller compatible.
Yeah it did
Yes
it only has usb connection. so it connects to laptop or desktop and what ever sound it produces comes out of the speakers. it does not have direct speaker connection.
Yes
Yes this will be perfect you just need a mic and a plug in for the mic this doesn't has a mic plug in.
Yes you do!
It depends on how long your bag is. This is an amazing stand i.e. light, strong, great case, etc.; but it is long when folded up. Check the length with your luggage, and if it fits, you will be happy with this stand. Another great feature is that it extends without coming apart so if you stand for a solo, you just pull up and its set.
floor to the level of the "shelf" where the music actually sits.
I think it certainly would! I love mine!
It doesn't come apart, it's telescopic so the three sections slide into one another. Fully folded Id say it's about 18" long.
It's not easy like a recorder. You need to practice a lot, but once you get used to it you'll like it.
C
35.5 cm or 14 inches And I just played it into my computer to test the accuracy of the notes which all sounded metal crisp and landed right on the note
it is a little hard to blow...i would suggest an irish or a tin whistle. same fingering and easy to play. try a high d whistle. a clark at amazon is around ten dollars, a feadog by clark isn't very loud and good for learning.
it is a fife. you blow across the mouth piece like a flute. it has only six holes. you get more notes by blowing harder. hope this helps.
It did not. Though I imagine you could fabricate one easily with some schedule 40 PVC. It'd also be pretty unique.
Nickel, I think it might be plated with something else too. It has a very good and clean tone.
This instrument would probably good for beginners because of it's sheer simplicity, as it only has six holes. There is a pamphlet that comes with it that describes how to play it, and gives you fingerings for two octaves on the musical staff. It is easy to learn once you get the hang of lip placement on the mouthpiece, and I think that if you were to transition to the flute or piccolo, it would prepare you for the transition, as you would be able to control your tone and airflow better with practice from this instrument.
Hello MrPat, The dimensions are: 6 1/2" High, and 2" in dia. This is an excellent microphone for voice-over. BP Smyth, Narrator
I assume it's just because it is a dedicated OEM product for Harlan Hogan, based on one of the standard MXL designs. Normally, products like this would be built to the specs stipulated by the purchasing company.
I've owned both and used them with several microphones, including the V01A and a higher end Neumann. In every case, I've preferred the MicPort Pro. The sound is cleaner and warmer, there's almost no hiss, and the thing's durable. I've had my MicPort for several years and still use it as a back up when I travel. I donated the Micmate to a high school drama program. The cord's short on the MicPort Pro and the Phantom Power button is tiny. Still, those are minor complaints. I would, however, invest in a longer cable if you're trying to keep your computer (and computer noise) away from the microphone.
XLR to XLR
This is a perfect mic for vocals. I chose it because it had better low-end sound than any other mic in this price range. Very warm, rich sound and crisp clean highs. Better than mics twice the price.
you need a usb audio interface that supports xlr. you also need to get a xlr cable. id recommend buying a used at4040. it performs quite a bit better it has more presence and sounds more natural.
Here you go: https://soundcloud.com/positive-dilemna/microphone-tuba-test
It'll probably do it well, but in my opinion you would have better results using the ORTF (2 mics overhead) setup in addition to the Kick mic. A good and inexpensive ORTF combo: Superlux S502
Yes
Yes
You need a pc audio interface that has an Xlr input, usb output and phanton power.
Any desktop stand should do the trick, just consider that this microphone is somewhat heavy. Sample: http://www.thomann.de/be/millenium_ds_30.htm or http://www.thomann.de/be/millenium_ds_100.htm
Usually if you ship items no matter what outside of the U.S. you could be subject to your own countries customs, this is out of control of really any shipper. Does not mean you will have them just be aware that it is a likely scenario.
Yes
Yes it does! I had to ask the same question when I bought my first headshell. Good Luck!
Yes it can be used with the T.92, and with any "headshell-mountable" cartridge (not the "plug-in" type.)
Depends on what you mean by "insulate". The headshell is conductive, but is coated with non-conductive paint. The only way you can tell it's conductive is that there is continuity between the cartridge mount screws, the extra weight screw, and the shield ring where the headshell mounts to the tone arm. There is no continuity between the shell and any of the four signal wires. HTH
I cannot tell from the text whether you are asking "which is it, metal or plastic?" or "which metal and/or plastic is it?" I cannot answer the second, so will do my best with the first. It appears to be non-conductive paint or plastic over a metal shell. I measure electrical continuity between the added weight screw thread (between the elongated cartridge mount holes) and the rear connector mounting. The metal is not iron; it does not attract a magnet. I hope this helps.
Yes as long as you install software that comes with and configure Traktor Pro.
It works with my Mac, but to be completely honest it's a little temperamental. I suggest downloading Virtual DJ LE, there's a version that is specifically built for the Stanton SC 3 System. It's hard getting used to, and you spend your time looking down at the console making sure you're in the right place to do the things you need to do. There are hardly any physical cues to tell you where you are, one surface feeling exactly like the next. That having been said, it's like learning how to type. You can get along without knowing, just hunting and pecking as you please. But once you learn how, you'll never go back. The same goes for this system. It's still a conversation starter, and you can do amazing things with it. Hope I helped more than I confused. :-/
No, this only workd via laptop USB port
it works through USB.. but I can't say it works very well. Mine was a dud.
I have had zero issues with windows 7
I hung up my Strat with Woodies Hanger: The Ultimate Guitar Hanger - SM-01 Standard Model. Should work great. Had mine up for 2 years now and it's still up there solid and easy to take on and off.
Hi Tim, I have never hung an acoustic guitar with the"Woodies" hangers. But I have hung Fenders, Gibson LP and 335, Rickenbacker and a Fender Bass. These all worked out great. I would thing if you can get enough spacing froim the wall it will work. Bill
Basically, the answer is yes! Dunlop Strap locks snap into the outside of the strap button, so that leaves the groove free to rest in the hanger, but you would still have pop the straplocks out, then hang the guitar and then reinsert the strap locks, if you wanted the strap attached while it is hanging. Otherwise, the simple answer, since both Schaller and Dunlop strap locks make it easy to take the strap off, just detach the strap before you hang it, then either will work on the Woodies Hanger.
Just set it to Manual' and choose a key. Everything you sing will be harmony parts in that key ONLY. If you understand harmony (a little theory here...), then you will realize that certain notes in the scale will produce a 'fixed' harmony that might not be appropriate for the chord that you are singing over. For example, if you choose Manual mode in the key of 'C' and an 'F Major' chord is sounding, and you sing a 'C' note, the harmony above ("High" setting) will sound an E, making the resulting vocal 'chord' an F-Major-7th. Playing guitar with the same situation NOT in manual mode will result in the harmony part above sounding the 'F' note, the correct harmony in context of the F chord.
Yes, of course... Simply turn the 'Guitar' volume knob all the way down. It doesn't change the 'input' volume or presence of the guitar. I do this all the time and it works great! Also, for 'just harmony', rotate the 'Harmony' knob all the way to the right, and only harmonies will come out. However, why not use your 'main vocal' as one of the harmony parts when over-dubbing? This can 'thicken' the harmonies... Also, to give the harmonies presence, perform them twice into two separate tracks and pan each hard-left/right, respectively and delay one side about 6-to-8 ms and listen to the magic!
Yes it should work with your keyboard but if that is your primary use I would recommend getting the midi version of it. That will give you a higher accuracy level on the harmonys
Yes, I have tried it on many different instruments including keyboards..works just great....check for youtube videos on the GTX....
I use the VoiceTone with an acoustic run direct so the only sound going in the unit is from the guitar. I don't think you'll have feedback issues as much as your harmonies may be effected from other sounds from the stage entering the mics. Good hypercardioid mics may help with this however if you are the only sound source than it may not be an issue.
No
Only if you're playing chords at the same time. If you're playing melody and hitting a chord every once in a while...it's not really the best.
No you don't. It has two switches built in. One to choose between "voice A or B" and the other for "on or off".
Bernadette, I don't have this particular item, but own TC Electronics VoiceLive Touch Vocal Effects Processor and plug my iphone/ipod into it, connect to an amp, connect the TC Electronics Vocal Microphone MP-75 Dynamic Microphone, Super-Cardiod to it and sing along with my own tunes. My friends and I have a blast with the different voice settings. I am no pro by any means, this was all in the name of having fun. Have not tried connecting my computer yet, to try and access my itunes account. Initially, I was looking for something for my computer, but stumbled onto this and have no regrets.
It won't hurt it... Try it. I have plugged in my Yamaha PSR into it with piano, guitar, and other, natural multi-timbrel sounds, and it works. Just make sure the input levels are correct for both instrument and voice. (Actually, in this case, MIDI does not relate since all of the inputs on the TC-Helicon Voicetone-G XT harmonizer has only analog I/O (except for the USB connector for preset control using TC-Helicon's application.)
Yes, it is, from 10.5 and up. They have templates you start new projects directed towards it. Once you figure out Performance Mode, you can get it working on old projects.
The Novation Launchpad can only work with other DAWs if you have the Automap software which comes with it. If for some reason you bought one that didn't have the software, you can just download it from from the Novation website. Or you could save yourself the trouble and get their new product called the Novation Launchpad S, which can support any of the other DAWs without the use of the Automap software. It's the same product mind you, just with better and more compatible functionality.
You will need Abelton Live, but yes, you can use it in the live session. I make sounds in Logic and Garageband, export them into Live and then play with the samples there with the Launchpad.
WE did not use it that way sorry
Yes it comes with basic instructions on how to use it. But if you want to know how to do really cool advanced things you should look at youtube videos. But when you buy this make sure to go to the novation website and download the latest driver or this device will run very slow.
As long as you have the Automap software, it can work with any DAW software.
Yes if your broadcasting and playing from a computwr yes you can.
The lte software that comes with the controller does not but the full version of ableton live does. There are also other limited versions made for sound interfaces that will do that for you friend.
Comes with live launchpad edition witch is limited to how many tracks you can run but is plenty to jam with starting out. I recommend the APC 20 over this though, it has much more features.
Yes, the stand is adjustable. The bench is not, It isn't necessary, since you adjust the stand to suit the bench. The seat is very thickly padded, sturdy and comfortable. Was pleasantly satisfied with them both, especially given the inexpensive price. Would highly recommend it.
The base legs are 19 inches and the legs the piano rests on are 14 inches.
Did u open it correctly and lock it? Check which is the best range of width for you keyboard and open it, lock it and it doesn't wobble. Mine is steady!
I would think so
Yes
Yes
It is basically a stand that can be adjusted to work with any keyboard so feel free to purchase. The quality is good and study. I hope this helps.
I am pretty sure it will. Mine is allegro 88 and fits great.
If you look at the item page and roll over the picture for a closer look, you will notice on the bench that there is a knob that is in a slot. You turn the knob and slide it to wherever in the slot that gives you the proper height. If you look at the keyboard stand closely at the cross point, there is a half-moon with several holes in it. Hidden by the bench there is a knob that you would pull out and move the stand height to align to one or another of those holes, and the bolt of the knob would fit in there, securing the stand.
We use is for a 76 key Yamaha and it is well supported. Could handle an 88 key.
This is a full size guitar.
:) Yep
We do not at this time.
I know it doesn't have any hookups for electronics. Being a straight acoustic guitar with no frills, this cannot be used with Rocksmith. Try an electric guitar, or an acoustic/electric. (There is a possibility you could use it with Rocksmith, but you need to buy a soundhole pickup for acoustic, then somehow connect it to the game cable, probably wouldn't work well at all)
Hi, we do have the Indonesian song chip in stock.
There appears to be no way to add songs to the chips. The words appear on your tv screen with stock images or your own images you must upload using your PC.
I suggest buying a RCA to svideo adapter. What are your video input on the tv?
Yes, there are plenty of chips in spanish that include classic tunes from the bolero and mariachi era, to pop classics from the 60s 70s 80s and 90s
I bought this awesome machine last year, complete with 4 additional song chips, but unfortunately it worked well only several months, it turned to a annoying machine because it always hangs and we have to reset it all the time, and even that doesn't suffice because the song list also appeared like computer language.. we have tried to call and emails the us provider to ask, use the guarantee, repair it at our own cost.. but no reply. We like the machine very much, it is so so disappointing that it has a very bad post seller service. tip: the trouble happened after we use the machine all the day long in a party (we always care to turn off the machine first before changing the songchips but still it broke), so I think this kind of disadvantages must be revealed and put it in the manual in the BIG letters.
There is none, but you can purchase a song chip that contains tagalog music.
I did not have any such problems. With strong batteries, both mic's work well upto 20~30 feet away
I don't think so but I need to confirm this with the person I gave this to, as a gift. FWIW, about 6 months or so after I gave it, I asked if it was still a good gift and the answer was yes.
Do not know what the question means. If the question is about tempo of the song, it is changeable.
Expansion slots are in the mic stand. Once you plug the chips in, it'll automatically sync and you'll be able to browse through the songs immediately after powering on.
No commercial songs just rhythms and song loops. They will repeat of course making jamming possible. However it's extremely essy to add your CDs or even songs input analog from any sound source. I like youtube and input those all the time for learning them. You can play along, slow/speed/fine tune pitch, etc. this is a great machine and I still use it regularly. And yes you get a menu, not always the easiest to find but once you get the hang of where and how to find it, it's effective..not perfect but effective.
Yes. It has ban. I actually have a JS-8 I am considering selling because I do not use it much. I also have 2 extension speakers that add much to the sound. I love the thing. Great product. I just don't use it much because I don't play often and use my amp when I do. If you are interested in purchasing it from me let me know. email: asctpresident@aol.com
I don't use IPad but all you should need is a cable from your IPad to the R/C jacks aux. output (line out) on the side of the JS8
You can slow it down 50 % and also up 50% I really like the JS-8 you can even record with also
Oil for the valves, grease for the slides, tube cleaning brush and a cleaning cloth.
Conductor
This trumpet is good for someone just starting out, not for proficient playing. smc
The valves don't stick a lot but I'm not sure if it's a great orchestra quality trumpet or not (I'm only in high school).. I hope this helps!
2
I bought this for my 4 yr. old granddaughter and she is short. I think you would be better off with a real mic stand. This is a toy for little kids, not the real thing...though it did work quite well, and she loved loved it!
That s all mine does too, I did not know it did anything else
I'm not sure what size the box was because I sent this to my granddaughter. Sorry I could help
no it doesn't come with any cords, you'll have to get an aux cord.
I don't know about the CD player but yes you can use without plugging up to anything. But it has an adaptor to plug into other things that have sound.
Minimum but yes.
Yes, it plugs in from a headphone jack just so there really aren't a lot of limitations. My daughter loves this by the by. She has had many a concert in her room. The sound quality isn't great but she doesn't care at all.
Yes it does!!
Yes, although of course it's not good quality. But you can hear them.
No, the microphone did not work as there was no adapter that I could find that would allow its use in my Grand-Daughters Karoake machine!
i never could find it after a yearthe company never got back with me
I bought the 30 this past Christmas for my 6 yr old, it fits nicely now but was slightly large for her. I think it should be great :)
Both.
i bought it for my 6 year old niece and it is perfect for her!!
Yes
Nestor, hope I can be of some good here. If memory serves me right, the package is about 3 feet in height, give or take a couple inches. Width may be about 6 inches or so. The guitar probably weighs 3 pounds and the amp maybe a pound. The entire package may weigh 7 pounds. It has been a while since I bought this sweet guitar. I would advise having a guitar shop file the sides of the frets some as they are a bit rough. A set of Ernie Ball Super Slinky strings and higher quality machine heads will make this guitar a lot nicer. This is a keeper! Minis are sought after by some collectors. I actually have a hard to find mini precision bass that plays beautifully! Fender Squier also makes sweet mini Stratocasters. Anyway, I hope I was atleast a little helpful. If you buy this little pink gem, it will be worth every penny. The pickup is a Telecaster type bridge pickup, so if you wanted to hotrod this little guitar you can. Enjoy! - Viv
no, it is not midi compatible
Rain and electronics do not mix. This unit is not sealed at every spot. Not even close. The knobs and connections will be exposed to the elements.
There's a little hiss I guess - no more than other powered amps - sure it can be used for computer speaker - it's just a little bulky and square. I've enjoyed having the battery powered flexibility and Multi channels and reverb fx. It can kick out really full sound too.
Hi there, the Roland BA 330 has a Delay, Reverb and Wide stereo effect and is awesome for voice at any volume. Strictly speaking delays are more popular these days than echo but for all practical purposes one can replace the other check out the difference on google , its more of a technicality but if you are going to sing personally I would day use the 330's awesome chorus the sound is amazing. I would not use delay at small venues but yes it has these functions and is super clear and loud.
weighs about 30 lbs. Great sound and worth the money.
It has a total of 30 watts, 15 watts per speaker. Thanks Leo.
Enough to do small gigs.
The BA-330 is ideal for acoustic guitar as well as keyboards. I use two which I chain through the stereo link. The output range is impressive for a small cabinet. Ambient sounds (noise) is non-existant. My typical application is digital drums and audio from an MP-3 player (iPhone). I did notice, however, that the bass drum output tends to cause the amp to suppress the overall output. I assume that it is a limiter to protect it from overloading. I also use them for synthesizer. I don't play guitar much, but have tried an Ovation accoustic w/pick-up. The sound is full and crystal clear. Hope that helped.
110
I've never tried that. The unit does allow 1/4 inch and one rca to be plugged into the unit. I would contact Roland directly just to be sure.
Yes if it is a powered speaker
No. Record to CD From device
It plays 33, 45 & 78 records. I love this unit. Good luck.
WRITE TO SYLVANIA DIRECT
you are better off plugging your laptop into the sound board and doing it that way
There is no score. No video in background.
I'm not sure, I think it was a disc.
Pop filter, yes. You could always just put your hand in front of your mouth. Poop filter, that's up to you. Depends on how messy you get.
Yes. Unfortunately, in my case, it captures singing quality with 100% accuracy. :)
Any decent pop filter will work. I picked one up at a local store for $10 and it works just fine. No need to spend ridiculous money on a branded pop filter when it will do the same job.
No software included. I recommend Adobe Audition, but if you're looking for a free alternative, Audacity comes with high praise.
Hi there, I just tried it now. With the keyboard on the desk you can hear the typing sounds clearly in any of the four modes since the sound is transferred directly to the mic through the hard desk. Then I tried putting the keyboard on top of a folder and set the mic to cardioid mode, that worked. My voice was very clear and the keyboard sounds were extremely faint.
10 feet
Yes. It is. It is just like any other mic/headset you plug into the USB port of the computer. Once you plug it into the computer, the computer detects it, and installs the drivers for it automatically for it.
Plugged the USB into the iMac, plugged my headphones into the yeti as a monitor... Hit settings, sounds and selected the yeti for both input and output and BAM...... I sounded like Barry White :) answer is Yes.... YouTube 847Electric, look up USB outlets #1 & #2.... You can hear it, I was playing with the settings etc on iMovie
The quality of the microphone is amazing so, as long as you are speaking reasonably clear. It should work perfectly!
The Platinum edition lists as being 0.5 lbs heavier than the Silver, despite having the exact same features. Additionally, the a slightly more gun metal, or anodized color tone, seeming just a bit sepia-like. The Silver is a much cleaner looking silver color. Both have a deep matte finish. You can compare them at their amazon page: http://www.amazon.com/Blue-Microphones-Yeti-USB-Microphone/dp/B008F4USMS/ref=sr_1_4?ie=UTF8&qid=1352069030&sr=8-4&keywords=yeti+microphone Just use the color selection tool right below the list price to see the very subtle difference.
It Works on any Guitar and I have 20 guitars No Problem!
Yes, on the first finger and thumb.
This is just a guess but it should hold it.
I assume you are concerned about the neck being a proper fit. My Peavy Wolfgang has a fairly slight neck and it fits fine. Just got up and took a quick look at it. I think you would be fine. It's pretty thin and rubberized my only concern might be that your machine heads might rest on it which might goof up your tuning if you aren't careful.
From the wrist to the end of the longest finger, it is 7". That does not include the screw attached to it.
It shouldn't make a difference, but maybe put in a question to Grip Studios to be sure. The "Right Hand", "Left Hand" are really supposed to just for display aesthetics rather than functionality.
Yes
22 pounds
Maybe 15 pounds out of the stand.
Yes, this stand works with the Korg keyboard. It is very stable and with a 2 year old running around the house and bumping into it, I've never had any trouble at all with it moving. When I play the keyboard it is quite stable. I hope this helps.
Yes
22 pounds
Maybe 15 pounds out of the stand.
Yes, this stand works with the Korg keyboard. It is very stable and with a 2 year old running around the house and bumping into it, I've never had any trouble at all with it moving. When I play the keyboard it is quite stable. I hope this helps.
Yes, you need a computer. This is a controller, just like your mouse or computer keyboard, but used for generating MIDI control signals in music software. There is no headphone jack nor does it record since it only produces control codes and not any kind of audio.
Of course, it is a plug and play controller in windows and mac.
Yes, the transport buttons are re-assignable. I confirmed it with the owner's manual (page 3). The manual also contains extensive instructions on remapping any of the controls on the controller (e.g. reversing the direction of the slider, limiting the amount of travel, increment/decrement functions, etc).
Unfortunately no, there is no iPad/iPhone connectivity with this product.
Yes. Not sure how well it would work with fl studio though. I use logic x and not many of the buttons can be assigned to actually do something. Might want to look into that
Not sure how this question applies to this product. Could you elaborate on your question?
Not 100% sure. There is an instrument cable output on the back that is labeled "Sustain". I use logic X and have set the fader to control the track volume while mixing. I'd give m-audio a call though.
I plugged both m audio keystation 49 and this into macbook, both work together.
Yes it does. I think it's more a question of what DAW you're using. I would think that it works with most of them since it's merely a MIDI signal, but you may want to verify that through M-audio's website to make sure. I'm running Presonus Studio One with no issues, and since it's M-audio... it should run on any major DAW. Good luck!
Yep, there is a Sustain port on the back for an optional pedal, right next to the USB port.
Why yes, you can, because I do.
Without seeing the karaoke machine it would be difficult to answer. It has one XLR input and a 1/4" RCA to the PA., which is how we use it. I would certainly think it would work, depending on the karaoke machine's capabilities.
Unfortunately, you can't. It is designed for one mic, and will harmonize to that voice only.
Yes, in the Harmony function.
Your monitor.
You can. I use a voodoo lab supply for all my pedals and it works just great
not in a different gender that would be believable. it def could do an unrecognizable voice like a robot or chipmunk
Yes
The unit itself does not have a wireless feature built in. It uses XLR inputs and outputs. If your mic has a separate unit that connects via XLR, then yes, it will work.
You can set the correction for "diatonic" (key) or "chromatic" (closest real note).
I believe this guitar comes standard with 10-46. If it doesn't, it will definitely work well with them. The biggest trick with the modified bridge is that the route isn't far enough back on the body to slip the new strings in without basically raising the bridge all the way up, then down again once all the strings have been inserted.
apologize for the delay in getting back to you. This guitar was from our 2013 shipment, and is made in Korea. The guitar does not come with a case. It is available in black only, and has never been made in any other colors. The pickguard is white. Will this guitar still work for you?
Other than this guitar only coming in black, the main difference is the bridge. This guitar is based on the so called Jimmy Page mod, and has the Leo Quan "Badass" bridge that he put on his DC59 in the early 80's.
Yea for sure! Should be a perfect fit
There are so many version of the Danelectro DC-59 modified sped guitar out there...The one I purchased came with "aged" hardware and a matte-black finish. The year after I purchased mine another version was issued with the "limousine-black" gloss finish. The description should specify which version is being offered.
Typo maybe ?? Maybe their Korean to english software has a glitch.Appears to be rosewood fretboard but it is a typical baddass bridge.
Not being totally precise I would say 3 1/4 inches center to center. I'd have to measure with strings off to get more accurate metric reading.But it looks pretty much like a standard badass bridge i.e..... Les paul type spacing !!
I'm not sure of the exact weight but it's light, very light. Much lighter than a Tele.
The one I received about a year ago had the chrome lipstick pickups and gloss back. It is the one people usually want.
All purchases made with SoCal Daily Deals ship within 2 business days of the purchase date. All items are shipped from Southern California so transit time can be anywhere from 1 - 5 business days for shipments within the continental United States. In the rare case that an order may be delayed for unforeseen reasons, we will be in contact promptly via Amazon messaging.
I would not think so. I would not use this guitar for any but elementary students. We use this as a "class" guitar for second graders. This guitar needs frequent retuning, so an older student developing a musical ear without an instructor to tune the guitar may be frustrated. 3/4 or just small body models might be better. Fender, Martin, Yamaha, and Gibson all have good choices, although more expensive. Electrics, which are smaller, are also good choices for teens. This is however one of the least expensive options for any entry guitar.
Yes you do get the bag and all. That is a very good price. I paid almost $100. for it about 3 years ago.
yes it does have adjusting action, and i have to get back to u how wide it is
Yes, I got one with mine.
Separate
Attached. Make sure the bridge is attached our was broken.
I don't know as yet. I got it for a gift for my grandson and he has not opened it yet. I will be curious now what it looks like and hopefully will not be disappointed.
the guitar is an excellent beginner guitar! many left handed persons learn to play same as anyone else, like playing piano. Yes, this guitar is fine ...forget about the left handedness and just play.
Experience says these 'cheaper' line pedals don't sound paired with anything other than guitar. Compression can be controlled with MIDI under live situations or added during recording mix. Also you don't have the control with guitar effect pedals as you would with the proper keyboard sustain pedal. Check keyboards that accept sustainer foot pedals; Sweetwater sells the pedals for $15. You can find them cheaper here on Amazon thru M-Audio for around $10. Keep looking and read up on it.
The CS400 has better reviews than the DC9, plus you can tweak the tone and attack. For higher gain in metal, don't you think you need less compression except maybe for some leads? Plus you can boost your amp EQ without changing tone. You don't want your signal getting clipped depending on your pedal configuration. Google the MXR Super Comp and compare. The CS400 is worth the price.
Yes it affects the tone overall sound, but its a good function to ad highs.
This is a compressor not a distortion pedal, the sustain is clean.
not exactly sure..but, you could try putting it in a different order..either in front or be hind other pedals... the way i understand it ..this thing just trims the signal -clips the highs an lows to smooth things out, so if its after certain pedals ,it'll basically erase/clip modulations,echos..etc....maybe effects distortions /muffs/drives also? not sure..
It may, but you will only get sound in one channel. You would be better to get a version that is wired 'dual mono'. We offer it, but not on Amazon, I am sorry.
Hello I use the camera of Panasonic FZ-100. You can see the result in the last movies I published http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KlQQymt1qew http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QRg_sT6gDQA You can see the device in a movie haim ziv
Not sure. We use it with an audio technica pack. It provides good sound.
We got a great effect from our Dj H2O, but truthfully, it is in a fairly confined space and we used two units aimed where they crossed one another. We built a fantasy submarine in our Kids Church. One end of the room has a very large (5 ft. Diameter) port hole. We installed a clear concave plastic lense and built a three wall bay with enclosed ceiling. The units sit to either side on the floor about 4 feet from the back center wall. The ceiling of the enclosure is at a height of about 7 feet from the floor. We put an undersea mural on the three bay walls and when the units are on, it really does look like you're looking out under the ocean.
There is a motor and LED light in this unit, its not made for outdoor but if it makes any difference, I had 2 that were left out for Christmas and they got wet. I dried them out and they work perfect. One larger problem with using it outdoor if the condensation is high, the lens will fog. They make outdoor projection housings made for putting items like this outdoors but the environmental housing costs more than this light.
It depends heavily on how bright you want the effect to be and how far away you are able to place the fixture. In addition, there are two different lenses that allow you to have a wider or narrower field of effect based on your needs. In essence, there is no good way to answer. I can tell you from experience that I have had a usable effect covering an entire wall at the end of a large ballroom using the narrower lense in extremely low light, but to do so I had to place the unit itself at the opposite end of the room. Sorry if this is less than helpful...
I just used a regular pole clamp, they are only a couple of dollars if you don't have one already.
Barely
It is possible. I have pointed it from the floor to the ceiling at times.
No. The pattern for the water and the colors are fixed inside the unit and are not user changable.
I would contact the manufacturer, American DJ, and ask the technician. But I would assume with any electronic device that runs on 120v ac, one would need a converter to change to 240 volts.
No it's not. It's off or on.
Yes, it's quite easy to setup and you can do a bunch of cool things with it.
Yes it does. :)
Hitting Record in FL Studio was my reason for purchasing this MIDI controller..... I NEVER figured out how to accomplish that task, and I soon after gave up the search to do so. Since that time the controller has been sitting in a drawer.
It 'is' a class compliant midi device, so it should work, if your tablet supports USB host mode and you have the right USB to android interface cable (I believe it's called a USB OTG cable). I use 2 of them through a powered hub into an iPad, though you'd have to do the research on your particular tablet.
It's a midi controller, so you can assign it to anything in garage band that is midi controllable. My educated guess is yes.
Yes
Yes, you can use this to trigger anything that receives a USB Midi signal. Literally anything that is a Midi Mappable trigger or on/off setup. So if you wanted to you could set each switch to a different 808 Drum, 1 for Kick, 2nd for clap, and 3rd for hi-hat... If you so desire.
I have not used it for Ableton but the buttons are assignable in both Logic Pro X and MainStage 3. Logidy has an app on their website that allows you to program the UMI3 buttons to which ever notes you like.
I think this will depend on the operating system and software configuration you have - you can probably find out by buying one of them frst and seeing if you can reassign the pedals the way you'll need. (I'm only using one myself so haven't had to confront this.)
The Logidy just sends midi signals. You can program which signal to send. If you can change the voices and settings on your Akia with midi commands, then you can probably make it work with the Logidy.
I would not advise this stand to be used for a 6 year old. It is not very sturdy, there are no locking pieces or lips for the Keyboard to latch to. I would highly recommend this model instead http://www.amazon.com/Stage-KS8291XX-Double-Keyboard-Stand/dp/B0002F6JGW/ref=pd_cp_MI_2. I replaced the Casio stand with this On Stage model and couldn't be happier. Hope this helps.
150 lbs.
Yes, there is only one size of keybd stands, the difference comes in it's sturdiness
I don't know if you still need an answer to this. The height is adjustable. As far as ftiting your old Casio, I'm using it on an old one and it just sits on top. It isn't perfect, but it does what it needs to do.
Yes...mine is 88 keys
I don't know about the original specs of the stand but I cut some lenghth off the top and bottom to fit my 11" deep Casio PX-330 snug against my wall with no bar sticking out of the front! I just got a cheap pipe cutting saw, then put the endcaps back on. It only took about 15 minutes!
yes
There are 10 or more adjustments you can make. I'm not sure about the heights. I have mine at a seated height and it is in the smallest hole. I think it would go up 10-12 inches or more higher. Sorry, but I'm not changing it to find out. It works well for me.
Mine is a Casio CT-615. I don't know how that compares to Casio PX-130, but it works very well for the one I have.
Product Dimensions: 38.2 x 2 x 8 inches ; 8 pounds Shipping Weight: 9.1 pounds Assembled height and and width vary depending on adjustments....approximately 30" high and 36 wide" is how mine is set up.
The heads are the white round things that you place on every drum. You upgrade the cymbols by buying a package of them that includes three different sizes or 4 sizes! Ziljen, paiste, and sabian are great ideal brand cymbols.
Hello! Absolutely a great choice because everything you need to start playing is included with this set when buy it. Its a great, affordable way to start playing for not a lot of money.
Yes my son loves them worth it
features: 22"x14" 12 Lug Bass Drum
In a quick answer, the drum set is all acoustic. It was for my granddaughter and she really enjoys playing it.
Please contact us with your location so we can arrange best delivery date - thanks!
It would normally take no more than 3 business days
I'm sorry, I don't know. It's a full drum set that comes in 2 or 3 boxes, so it's pretty heavy.
Sound quality is good. We use this set as my 13-year old's practice set.
The shure pad is oval, and measures about 3 1/4 by 4 1/4. Not sure how it would do on a headphone that was more circular. The best place I have found to ask headphone questions is at head-fi.org. Good luck.
I'm not familiar with those pads, but these are stupid soft with a nice fuzzy texture to make your ears feel like they are enclosed by thier own private sound pillows.
I say yes purely based on the shape of the cans. I don't own a pair of M50s
Yes
No. They are from a different manufacturer, the cup size is much larger than they can stretch.
Nope.
No
yes
They do, although they're not as tight as the factory pads. These have been a no-brainer upgrade for my ATH's. Very comfortable. I'd buy these again in a heartbeat.
I have the pads on my M-50's on my ears right now. They fit well although they come off a little easier than the stock pads. They are a definite upgrade though.
I don't have those headphones but I looked it up and I don't believe they will fit. These are oval shaped and the 750dj seem to have more of a circular shape. Hopefully I was of some help and good luck.
in not sure if the questions is about the headphones or if its about the replacement ear pads. if its about the earpads there ones specifically made for the 840 but its twice the price i think($14) on amazon. if you go the shure website there are no specific dimension for the ear pads. so i think it might be easier to pay to the 14 dollar ones which i think it sucks to double the price but cheaper than returning it if it does not fit. if you are talking about the headphones itself, i think it all depends on what you are using it for. I'm a sound engineer and the shure 440 does not have a good base response. its incredible clear when using for vocal voices, guitar or keys if you need to eq them, but not really that good for percussions. i have the audio technica m50 for monitoring. i do not have the shure 840 but i don't think paying an extra $100 is not worth it. There are better headphones out there for sound engineers at list. Sony MDR7506 is one of them (this one i have). i hoped this helped you. if not sorry.
I need the dimensions also -- and 6.8 x 6 inches must be made for the biggest ears the world has ever seen -- makes no sense at all!
Not sure I understand the question, but here is a data point or two. The 70s Fender is a good rock/metal guitar as far as I am concerned. It is not the best blues guitar. For getting the blues sound I would go with the '54 or '57 Fender. I like combining those two with a Vox or Fender Mustang. Classic series 70s is the only Fender Stratocaster with that particular "look" (wood grain body and maple neck)
Hello this series is made in Mexico.
They save the best pieces of wood for the natural finiish. Yep body all one solid piece. Neck is just as pretty. Fret board has nicew finish like the body. Awsum guitar and im a gibsoon man.
Sorry. We're thinking you asked about this. If you want a C shaped neck you need the 60's
Hi. Sorry. These have a U shape neck. If you want C shape we recommend going with a 60's model
Yes they are active. They're SUPER quality!!
Thumps cost more but the b215d sounds as good. I've been using them foe 3 years and have had no problems out of them
They come with a power cord
Yes you can. You just need the right cable. Remember that you will need a xlr to 3.5mm cable or an 1/4" (6.35mm) to 3.5mm cable. I connect my iPad and iPhone to it on a regular basis. I have both cables and prefer the xlr to 3.5mm as it has no "noise" when plugged in. Cable link: http://www.amazon.com/Hosa-XVM-110M-Right-Angle-3-5mm/dp/B000K6B2DI/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1386291447&sr=8-1&keywords=xlr+to+3.5mm
they would do the job nice clean mids and round bass, to help out a sub would go along way to avoid driving the main speakers too hard
No, for one
Im not sure you have to contact the dealer sorry
I never had that problem
Single
Yes. This speaker is ready to play just plug in your audio source (iphone, tablet, tv, computer, mixer..) with the proper cable and adapter. Verify your tv has an audio output.
The Korg Sound on Sound was manufactured in Japan. I was told by a salesperson on a different website that production ceased earlier this year. I was able to get one directly from Japan sold through Amazon around April, 2013.
It doesn't record separate tracks, but you can layer as many tracks together as you want. If you start with a track of you trio playing live, then you can add in a vocal layer and however many other layers you want. You just have to be sure that the volume and other elements are what you want them to be. You can't change anything other than to erase there last take and go again. It's a great tool for doing quick demos or layering sounds for effects, but offers less flexibility than a recorder with multiple tracks that can be mixed later.
It has effects suitable for recording a vokal, such as hallverb, delay, lilvoice, etc.
Korg Sound On Sound have MicroSD card slot. And you can get songs on computer with the help of CardReader and MicroSD card.
Answer here...yes the Korg do come with an ac adapter. I do not which one you should get. The music stores could assist in locating the proper adapter for your system.
Yes, I'm sure it will since your source material is yours and should not be copy-protected. But consider this: Copying each DVD with 30 minutes of video will probable take you 3 to 4 minutes for each one, so to make 100 copies it will probable take you around 6 to 7 hours, right? COPYSTAR has other models with additinal trays that will make several copies, instead or just one, at the same time, but these models are more expensive. You decide.
You have to use the same type.
No. Only the entire CD can be burned. You can not select individual tracks.
The machine does not copy copyright dvds .
If you have them on a DVD and want to copy it this would work either on +/- Not sure how the RW format would perform.
The duplicator cannot convert video cassette format to dvd. If the conversion has already been made and you have the disc on hand then it can be copied by the duplicator. Thanks Copystars support team
As far as I know, this machine is strictly a duplicator going one to one. The amount of data determines the processing time. You should have received an email from the manufacturer when you received the machine. In it they have their phone number to answer any questions. If you think I'm wrong or you want more info, call them. They do want you to be happy with their product.
it will copy any standard dvd that is not double layer and has no copy protection. I think a standard dvd id 7.4 gigs.
Yes, this model of Copystars DVD duplicator work 115-235V automatically without any adjustment. Copystars Support team
No its solid state, but the quality is still very high especially for that price.
Sure! A guitar will work with almost any bass amp and sound good...just not the other way around! Hope this helps! :)
Yes
This combo amp is actually meant for a bass guitar but it will technically work with any electric guitar or bass guitar. However, as a bass amp, all of it's settings are built form the ground up to sound better with a low sound, meant for bass guitars.
It has a line out.
The extension jack shuts off the internal speaker and only lets you hear the speaker you are connecting.
I 'been using it on 220v power supply and no issues, it works
If the guitar players have loud amps and like playing them at full, then I don't think so.
One handle on top
For some reason Amazon thinks I should answer you, but I don't have an active pickup bass right now so I can't check. I can say that I've used a SansAmp Bass Driver in front of it and it handles it well. There's a lot of good tone in this (Orange) box.
No England
Yes
You will kill the speaker. Bass also needs more watts than a guitar. I highly recommend a dedicated bass amp. Re keyboard you can get away with one amp for both keyboard and guitar but again a dedicated keyboard amp will give you the best sound.
It's not... There's a button on top to kick in the overdrive. That's my only complaint about this amp, other than that this little Orange rocks.
Sure. If they'll be playing in their bedroom...It's a small amp and the preset "effects" are basically useless except for the reverb settings. You'll need to buy some decent distortion pedals for metal/hard rock. If they'll be playing in a metal band, this will probably be too small of an amp. But Orange as a brand is fantastic, so you can't go wrong purchasing larger models.
not dumb, this model dosn't come in black. They make a bass amp version of this and that comes in black but not the 20ldx
The only cable you'll need is an instrument cable to connect your guitar (bass) to the amplifier.
I'm sure it will, I use a Big Muff distortion pedal with it and it always sounds great.
I don't see why not, but the bass might be a bit heavy. You could probably get by with the guitar version.
Are you just asking how loud it gets? I've owned this amp for a couple months now, and one of the first things I noticed is how loud it is for its size. The tone is fantastic (even though you don't get much low end, but that should be expected from an 8" speaker). Much easier to lug around than my big Fender BXR100 and the line out comes in handy. Hopefully that helps.
Technically, yes. Although I wouldn't advise it, as this is intended for bass.
110 or 220. There is a switch on the back. You also need to change the fuse when you change voltage, but no transformer change is needed.
Its orange
Yes
I have only used the line out to connect the amp to recording equipment, but that means it has output through it, so I'd assume so.
No.
Yes
Yes
RI
Nope, no legs
Fender '65 Deluxe Reverb 22watts is perfect for practice sessions. Sound from tube amp is fuller and richer tone than transistor solid state amp. You need to start in stand-by mode, let tubes warm up and start at low volume. I prefer volume suitable for room listening. It takes more effort to play with clean sounds rather than loud and raunchy. I hope this helps. Go to a music shop like Guitar Center to hear the real thing.
Just double checked. It is made in the USA
Only with the vibrato channel by default; there are relatively simple mods that can give you reverb and vibrato on both channels (although I haven't done that myself)
As long as I know, I had connected from a Yamaha to a microbrute and they had trigger the sounds. Since it has a midi input it should work with it
Yes, it does. At least when I purchased mine last year it did.
yes, use the headphone output. i use 15 to 30 watt guitar amp..
No.
I'm using a 3,000 watt amp to push them
They will work fine, but they were built for traveling from gig to gig and are not cosmetically desirable for a living room. They are a great value with better than average sound.
Yes
Hi Jacob, The price is for the pair, and the speakers are 1200 watts peak per speaker. Have a great day!
Yes.
Yes, they have crossovers to horns. I have since sold these. The cabinets themselves are decent, the speakers, meh...good for rehearsal and maybe DJ.
They are heavy!
These are big speakers. I have not tried mounting on speaker stands. I keep it in the ground. It is about 4 feet tall. Hope this helps. if you want me to look further, please do let me know.
Yes it will, I have a Spider 15 Line 6 and my Boss pedal (Distortion) works fine on it. I can help you solve the problem of Boss pedals working better on it. What kind of guitar do you have and what kind of pedal?
mine didn't came with the cable either, i just use a 9v battery
radio shack, one spot, whatever. as long as it's 9v with a + tip you should be fine. one spots are the better choice, you'll need the 2.1x5mm barrel plug - 1/8 inch plug adapter, probably available here on amazon.
Yes it is, I have it installed on a windows 7 64 bit system
You don't need to have Windows for MixPad to work. I don't have Windows, and it works fine for me.
Yes, it is.
Yes you can order from NCH, they are very good about sending it. I don't remember the price of the software,but it was worth it.
i wouldnt buy it again to be honest
It sure is. It's what I use it with and every button immediately recognizes and controls all the functions.
There are NO motors in this Key Board. This Key Board is for Computer hookup only and Computer generates all effects.
Just to be clear, this is a midi controller, meaning there are no stored sounds inside the unit. There are no speakers on the unit either. It just controls your software. You plug this into a computer loaded with a software that has all of your sounds. You can transpose on the keyboard or in the software. As far as an external speaker you can run out of the computer audio Jack into an amplifier or mixer
I'm pretty sure it's the previous generation at this point
No software accompanies this controller. Most music software you buy these days is able to be controlled via MIDI by this device. It's a generic controller.
I bought this Midi keyboard from Guitar Center and it only came with the keyboard. Xpand 2 is $100, and i bought this keyboard for around 130ish a couple years ago. I would not think for this price it would come with a $100 software.
I'm using the keyboard in Kontak, for use with REV, and the keyboard works fine. Try looking up the info on YouTube or Google.
Without any extra purchase, certainly not. The device uses a printer USB contection and the provided cable is a male printer USB to male USB. So at the very least you would need a converter. As far software compatibility, there is a chance that someone provides the option but at that point, I would generally advise either switching to a laptop/desktop or checking out IPad specific products, sweetwater.com has a lot of technology designed for this rig and beside for a name brand markup, most the gadgets have proven to be of good use.
MIDI keyboards are not proprietary to the OS (in most cases). Whether any MIDI keyboard (knobs, sliders) is compatible, largely depends on what DAW or software (cubase garageband, logic, reason, fruityloops, etc.) you are using in most cases. So, with the being said, my intuition tells me OS 10.9 supports MIDI since 10.8 did. My copy of Call of Duty says its only compatible with PS2, it doesn't mean it doesn't work on PS4. I doubt M-AUDIO had a magic ball that showed them OS 10.9. So, yes this will work just make sure whatever software you're using works with it. Some keyboards are made with DAW's in mind.
You can get any standard sized midi rack stand for it, I'd suggested getting one that's at least made from sturdy enough aluminum because it's not much weight being supported. Check out something like this: http://www.amazon.com/Spectrum-AIL-KS-Keyboard-Microphone/dp/B003XJ4PVU/ref=sr_1_22?ie=UTF8&qid=1405812509&sr=8-22&keywords=midi+stands although you may or may not need/wish to used the microphone stand. But that's what I used to use in the past when I had my first midi keyboard. Not the exact same brand of course.
2"
Made in China.
The guitar is 39'
Hello Deborah. The Antonio Hermosa AHT=10CE comes with classical nylon strings. I have since replaced them with D'Addario Classical strings. They are a much better quality string, and can be purchased for around $6.00. The guitar is well crafted and sounds great for an inexpensive classical guitar. Acoustic Johnny
This belt is not the proper size for any Thorens Belt-Drive turntable. I purchased mine for Technics turntables.
I don't know. They seem pretty universal. It's jus a big rubber band. Bob
This link will answer your question: http://www.vintage-electronics.net/garrard.aspx
Look for seller "My Needle store" on Amazon. go to contact seller. They will know and you can purchase from them. Excellent seller.
I do not know. You need to know the size of the belt. If you google in Pioneer PL-202AZ there will come up places where you can buy a belt. Hope that this helps
Yes
According to all the sites I checked, that turntable is direct drive and doesn't use a belt?
Without knowing which model, I can't give an answer
yes
This belt is 23.6 inches
They suggest ages 3 - 8....thanks!
Yes, I'm not the musically inclined one in our household, but it is my interpretation that the metal spring like strap on the bottom side of the drum is the snare. After pulling a quick google yes I am going to say my assumption was correct, it is included. Best wishes!
I think it would be ok. I bought it for a 6yo boy. The quality is more than a toy but less than a real drum set. A little but of a pain to put together I hope this helps
Bass drum is 16" tall (the drum that the two other toms mount on) and those toms are adjustable from there so you would add that size on top of the bass drum of the mounted toms. The cymbals also sits higher than the toms.
Hi! The shipping box is approximately 24 X 18 X 18 inches
Its about 1/2 size of an adult set. About 3ft x5ft of floor space.
This set is made for little kids. It is small. Made really nice just like her dad's big one. Great for children
I would not consider this a real drum set to use in a band. I would get a little better set if you already know how to play
My Grandson! Love it. Nice Set.
Im only approximating, but I'll say about 45 lbs or less. I purchased this for my Nephew, and when I transferred it from His Room to the play Room. I just stacked them and carried them all at once. Didn't feel more than 45lbs. Not Heavy at all
No, it is not. Just 110-120V US.
If you can plug it into power it would be perfect for tailgating.
Yes
29x23x11
Sorry, we cannot ship this item to Israel.
Make sure both master volume and the volume for the input is up. So two volume knobs to adjust.
We cannot ship this item to Brazil.
I'm guessing around 20 ft.
I don't know mine has never shut off, even playing very loud for a long period of time
The USB port on this system is for output recording and it's not very good. You can't crank the system up enough to get a decent volume on the output. You could plug an I-Pod into the stereo input with a 1/8 inch plug.
These Gammon Junior Drum sets are perfect for that age. Just the right height and built like a real drum set. Just smaller and a lot less money!
3 to 10 years
Wine red
Just a little bigger than the bass drum. Not very big. I think these are the dimensions: 75x65x43 inches My 6 year old daughter loves these and she is taking lessons.
Only one box, nearly organized and might weigh between 20 to 30 lbs!
Yes you can. Its not hard. I haven't played it much without it but it easily comes off. Just need a pair of small pliers.
I'm pretty sure it's just some generic strings. They are actually pretty decent though, no real reason to change them until they get old.
You may have to change the string gauges to achieve this affect. Are you talking about not using the 5th string then?
Yes, It looks like it's out of stock right now though..
The neck is about 19 and a half inches long, and two inches at its widest and one inch wide at the top. The length should not be a problem but it depends on how big his hands are as he will have to wrap his hand around the neck and be able to hit all five strings. It is not terribly heavy when compared with other banjos I have played, so the weight should not be an issue for a child. Hope this helps.
Plays good up and down the neck, just had to move the bridge up a little bit.
Hi! Yes, even though this a full size instrument great for adults, it would be fine for a tall child too. Banjos by their very nature are not overly large.
had mine two weeks and strings didnt break. but had to return it due to defective bridge and bought a gold tone banjo. more money about $500 but better sound
Yes . The banjo was completely secure inside a box , and then they put that box inside another box . I received my banjo in perfect condition. Have no worries.
Hi! There are several case options here on Amazon that will work for you depending on whether you want a hard case or a gig bag. Any standard full size banjo case will work. Thanks!
I think it would be fine. We have it plugged into a keyboard for the kid and the amplification isn't the greatest but I think it's just because of the speaker it is being projected out of. If you a better speaker, the mic would be great.
The stand comes assembled (it folds) from what I remember. The mic slides into the mic holder and there is a clip to help with the cord. Very simple - it's possible we had to use a screw or two, but I ordered this a few years back and can't remember. I know it was easy.
Not sure? I bought a speaker to plug it into.
I don't know about that product, but I would say the mic we have on this stand is ~1lb.
We used in with a standard keyboard and it wasn't an issue.
The Honey tone mini amp was junk. You'd be better off buying a real amplifier.
No USB port. You need a auxiliary cable (not included). You plug it into the headphone jack.
Would work fine. I D-Jayed a wedding with 200 people with it. Put it in a suitcase with other equipment and then on a plane to Philadelphia. It worked great. Would be just fine for your venue. Compact and fairly powerful. I used a laptop for the music.
We havd used in large parties to play music and give speeches, worked extremely well without sny distortion.
No
Heavy, mine feels at least 30lbs
It has the standard aux imput and the standard mic imput
With a chainsaw, 12 guage or belt sander :-)
It does not come with one but can take a mic.
Find a Fender Service Center and I am sure they can. Our local service center has been very helpful.
Truthfully I haven't connected instruments to it but I do run 4 mics cordless with a seperate mic box and i get no feedback from it. I only use it for Karioki
The model I have uses standard U.S. 110 volts. There is not an option provided to support 220 for commercial or international use. You will need a converter.
Our church has used it for vocals solo to groups, used it for speakers and for playing of recorded music and dvd's. We're very happy with it other than it is a little heavy for some to move around.
It sounds good. It is best for acoustic if you run thru a preamp first, I have a dean markley pickup on an older Martin and it needed the signal boost. But it plays an electric very nicely. Not a lot of special effects though. So you'd have to add that pedals for that.
The only real reason that I can see to buy the 300 over the 150 for me was to have more inputs for guitars and microphones. Otherwise, I think they are about equal soundwise. So save some money.
The wires to connect the mixer to the speakers were provided. I got a single microphone with the system and the appropriate to connect it to the mixer. Now your system will have the capability to hook up multiple mics and you will need to get those separately.
Not familiar with Sennheiser lab mic, but if there is a gain adjustment on it, try reducing the gain.
Maybe call Fender support is my only suggestion. Sorry. That is not a part a regular store would have.
There is 3.5 mm or 1/8" stereo audio output for external amplifier or audio input for any recorder.
Yes, I do it all the time. I also have a 150 Passport. I have a cord with an adaptor that feeds out of my laptop earphone jack and then into plugs on the Passport. The 150 has different plugs than the 300. Don't know where you live, but you can take your laptop and Passport to a Frye's or Altex store and they can help you. Check out the Altex website ... they have every kind of cable and adaptor possible.
yes
Just one glob!! I would prefer individual channels other than that I love it
were you able to get the price break using the rebate form? Did amazon discount the price if the rebate was not honored by Mackie?
Windows or Mac? Are you making adjustments on the Recording page of the soundcard levels?
You can only use a single effect, and you can choose between 1 or all channels
I have the same mixer. I looked at Mackie's website and it's the same mixer. I like it and it works well for me.
Sure this board will do everything you need for a skype-like conference meeting as long as you have a computer with skype configured on it. I especially like the coffee maker.
Nope
Six mics plus two stereo line level inputs. Mic 5/6 is shared with a stereo line in (single fader) and Mic 7/8 is shared with a second stereo line in (single fader). Line 9/10 is a controlled by single fader, line 11/12 is controlled by a single fader. You will only be able to have six mics or guitars plus tow line level stereo inputs. Go to Mackie website to download the manual Mackie ProFX-OM.pdf to see more details.
No
not noticed any.
This mixer would work perfect for karaoke with the built in effects. However, it is going to be over kill with so many channels. It would give you room to grow. But, if you don't need the effects, I would recommend the Mackie Mix8. Much more compact. http://www.amazon.com/Mackie-Series-Mix8-Watt-8-Channel/dp/B00ND1KGEI
NO you can't use a usb mic to input a signal into mixer
I would tend to agree with the other response. I actually own three of these units and use them regularly. However, I have never used the USB port as I have only used them for mixing audio.....they work great for that!
From the manual: "The USB connection allows you to play 2 channels of audio from the computer, and to record the main mix to the computer." Thanks
wire like this: MC6000 -&gt; XLR to 1/4 balanced cable -&gt; PROFX8 -&gt; Power Speaker
Yes
With my Lenovo 3000 N500 Laptop works just fine. A little latency (50ms), but its normal in an old computer like mine.
It depends on what you want to do with it in a home studio. I'd guess that the lack of buses kinda preclude using it in a traditional recording manner - where you have multiple sources that you're feeding to some sort of recording system. What are you looking to do?
Yes you can. it even has a handy volume control dedicated to it. it will send the audio to the main outputs.
the latency is very minute.
Yes, there is an I/O connection on them. Have 2 for sale
Mine were not multi-voltage.
No! Everything comes separate. Stands cables ect! All you get us the speaker and the box. These speakers are great for low volume. Once you then it up to a level you want to party to they start to crackle. Do your homework I lol more and maybe save so more money to buy better monitors than these. They make them with 1000 watts now so maybe they sound better then the 600 watts one I have. Save your money buy the jbl eon615. Gonna do you more justice in the long run then mackies. Mackie only offers the basic warrenty too btw. Do your homework bro
One
My Mackie Thump 15A's didn't come with any locking kind of locking screws. There are good ones on my Behringer speakers but nothing with the Mackie. I always thought there were none. I'm interested in other peoples answers.
This cannot connect right into an ipad since it is built to connect into a computer. You would need something to handle the USB, or a midi output from another MPC to connect to the iPad. You could try the Maschine app or something else to get a drum pad into your iPad. http://www.native-instruments.com/en/products/maschine/maschine-for-ios/imaschine/
Yes, you can. However, this is just a controller so it will need to be set up to play the samples through a digital audio workstation (DAW) like Reason or Pro Tools. There are many YouTube videos which can help you set this up on your DAW of choice. I run my MPD26 through Reason on an Alienware laptop whenever I play live shows.
Any soft with MIDI compare (cubase. logic. etc) Its mean you can use it not only with computer soft if you have MIDI connection and great desire to explore:)
yes it work!
No
it's no mater windows 8 or mac osx it's midi device work with usb hub and soundprogramm like ableton or cubase e.t.c.
The standard midi out doesn't work unless you get the (not included) power cable. Definitely get that first.
Thank you for your interest in The Woodwind & Brasswind. Unfortunately, Akai has restricted us from shipping their new products to the UK. However, we do have a Used MPD26 for sale on our website listed in Mint Condition for only $140.12 which we are able to ship! This was a product that was owned for a very breif window and returned to us, and is garenteed to look and function like a brand new item. Here is the link to the MPD26 product page on The Woodwind & Brasswind site. Select the "Buy Used" tab to see the listing, and check out through the online cart for accurate international shipping rates, as well as an estimate for any additional duties & taxes. http://www.wwbw.com/Akai-Professional-MPD26-Performance-Pad-Controller-584552-i1504737.wwbw We appreciate you choosing The Woodwind and Brasswind. Please feel free to contact us if you have any other questions or concerns, or if you are not completely satisfied with the service you have received from us today. We appreciate your feedback. http://www.wwbw.com/ (800) 348-5003
you can set them to certain things if you go to channels and open the FPC. you can link certain effects to each nob and fader
I use it with ableton live 9. mic and headphones compatable with my computer. (usb cable in box) this padcontroller can be used with any MIDI soft
not sure abut a ukulele but I do hook a guitar up with it; so probably yes then.
yeah, it has a stereo input, I use that to play music from my phone sometimes, or listen back to field recordings.
If it's powered with the cable, I think so. Granted, you don't want the music to be overbearing at these events, so it should work fine. For a concert, on the other hand, definitely not. Although you would probably want to mount the speaker outdoors.
it comes with a plastic battery pack that holds (8) AA batteries (batteries not included.. ) once the batteries are installed in the pack, the pack screws into the back of the amp.... Great little amp on A/C.. I have not used it on battery power though..
I bought this amp for my keyboard but I do occationally plug my guitar into it as well..(no pedals though) It does pretty well. It is a great little amp.. I can crank the volume up all the way and it does not pop or distort at all. Great amp for band practices. You'll need more power for performances though...
The bigger the speaker, the better the results. Buy the bigger KC550... and a collapsable hand truck to move it.
Yes. Channels 2 and 3 both have inputs marked "R" and "L/MONO." If you plug into the mono input, it will play out of both speakers. The single-input Channel 1 will also.
Each channel has two inputs hard panned left and right.The stereo positioning is permanently set so there is no control of mixing in the stereo spectrum. This is is not worth the money they charge for it and is a big disappointment from Roland.
About 9 to 10 hours of they're good batteries. 7 to 8 if chaper.
I use it with my Ac. bass. No worries.
About 7 pounds with the leather shoulder strap, which would put the guitar itself at around 6 pounds.
This guitar is made in China. Thank you, Adam GTRSTORE 646-460-8472
We do open the boxes to take photos of the guitar. This is from 2013. Please call me with any other questions. Thank you, Adam GTRSTORE 646-460-8472
I'm sure the device would understand the harmony coming through the mic, however the guitar input is only a quarter inch plug. There is no 3 pin cannon mic input. Maybe some kind of direct box or preamp would adapt for you.
Yes
Hi there! First I would put my adjustments to about 12:00 on the Vocalist 3, make sure you have the volume for out put on the top right side of Vocalist 3 and set low or off, adjust your guitar amp like you regularly would and your PA to the volume you like when singing. I do not know what amp or PA or Guitar you have, I would check your guitar through your amp and see if the feed back or radio sound could come from your guitar your amp. Try your mics through the PA to see if you get the feed back or radio pickup through your mic or PA. When I was young I got Radio sound from my guitar and amp. I found that if I had my pedals and guitar to close to the amp I would have this problem. So try moving your pedals away from your amp and guitar away from amp, also make sure your PA is fair away from every thing your PA should be on the side and in front of you. I some time get Feed back and radio sound do to being to close to everything. Now that you have check every thing you have you amp for guitar set at volume, your PA and mic set at the volume and you are at a good distance from each other, try your Vocalist 3 with the out put volume low, put only the effects you want our need on the Vocalist 3, the out put on the Vocalist 3 top right sound be set very low because your guitar amp your PA are set to the level you want to here. Last but most important is make sure every thing is grounded if not you will have all kinds of problems. Good luck with your Vocalist 3 keep on jamming. One last note, u-tube has all kinds of demos you can check out on setting , etc. Just type in Vocalist 3 and what you're looking for. Good luck. John
My guess is that if your amp has an XLR input, it ought to handle it if you're running both a guitar line and an XLR line to it. The VL3G is sending the harmony outputs through the XLR. If your amp has no such output, there'd be your answer. I'm running my guitar output from the unit to my amp and the XLR to my PA board.
female
It should. The only thing you'd really need it for is pitch correction, but it uses the chords to correct pitch. Should be fine.
I don't have a keyboard, so I don't know. But with the same jack types my guess would be yes.
yes no problem
This is for vocals mostly so I wouldn't think you would need an inline tuner
I'm new to harmony machines but seems to be weak in variety but still figuring it out
no, it is not included. it use the Boss PSA, you must buy separately
Hi Elisandro, of course you can. Just choose the effect with the memory pedals, then press write and exit buttons to edit. Now you can adjust the effect as desired by choosing the category you want (sound library buttons), and adjusting knobs to get the different variations. I hope it helps you.
Absolutely! You are able to set this pedal out in many ways, select pre amps, compresion, reverb, delay, chorus, phazer, flanger and other effects, mix them and create your own sound, you can emulate an acoustic guitar sound (which isnt so good really but...), the pedal could work as volume, wah, frezze and other function I dont remember now. I can tell you this is great pedal, the only thing you have to do is explore its. Regards.
Yes, i think that You can
Mods are one at a time, but you can stack mods with overdrives and wah effects. Best way to stack is with individual pedals.
I don't think so. Chains are pre-defined and the order of the effects is hardcoded. I couldn't find a decent PDF of the manual online, but there's a nice scheme in it. Truth is I never needed to do that and I trust the usual stacking of effects. Your mileage may vary.
This pedal in my own opinion is great, I used to use a digitech and the difference is huge, the ME25 gets everything you need, just you have to know how to set it up.
No, when you turn off loop you lose it
I would agree with that.. I only have the original box that I carry it around in with a cloth I put over top and under it and it hasn't failed me yet. Your case will be 5 times the protection I would have to assume..
Not sure what you're asking exactly, but yes this thing is pretty versatile, smaller than most pedalboards and it's pretty straightforward to use
Hello Wendy. These are handmade pieces and they are all going to have variances in their tonal properties depending on how they were turned, how the metal was cast, how much of each type of metal is in the alloy, etc. I think that is what makes them so unique.
Prayer Flags! They are beautiful!
No cushion
I do not know what a CL 200 is but it fits my full size acoustic and it is 45 inches long standard dreadnought shape Hope that helps
I use it for my DR-100. I do not know the difference in dimensions.
This bag fits perfectly homie..
Yes. I believe it is made for dreadnaughts and advanced jumbo acoustics.
Slightly tight in the middle, but yes, you can use it for the Dr-100.
No, foot switch is extra.
Yes it has headphone jack, the best part of the amp is the slot for sd card to store backing tracks to play with
If you can find the bass and drum tracks you can download them into the amp. I don't know of a way to eliminate the instruments on the tracks already on the amp.
Well, this is hard to say. But here's my experience. About a year ago I was moving my amp with headphones plugged in. I stepped on the headphone cord and it pulled the jack loose. Neither 'phones nor the speaker worked. I took the amp apart: the jack had pulled off a printed circuit board but otherwise was not damaged. I eventually was able to solder it back on. It took a number of tries, for a while I was only getting the left channel through the 'phones and I had to keep taking things apart and redoing. Finally got everything soldered right. However, now something is a bit loose and the speaker isn't working. If I jiggle the jack I sometimes can get it back. Sometime I'll have to open it up again and resolder things, but right now I am just using it for practice with the 'phones. I suspose if I took it to a pro, maybe I could get it done up totally right. However, I am too cheap and sometimes I have found that sometimes pros refuse to work on a something because they either don't deal with the brand, or perhaps in this case, decide the way to go is replace the whole circuit board.
Mine was new in original box with a Fender Fuse software cd. The SD cards come with songbooks which are quickly becoming rare since Fender has discontinued the G-DEC series amps.
Negative.
yes. it has a 2.25 minute looper built in, and a usb out that you can connect to a computer usb port and record directly through that interface.
I would think so yes :)
There is a 1/8" red/white stereo input jack. Sorry I don't know the technical terms. I use a Y cable from my phone or laptop headphone port to play music through the amp. I'm sure a mic would work as well.
You might look at my answer to the question above about plugging in a mic. The mixer will let you send the input to the rca inputs, but the comments about the sound stand. If you are looking at buying an amp, you are much better off getting one that is designed for voice. Even a cheap one. If you need a bass amp as well, and the karaoke is just for fun at home, it won't be awful, but it won't be good.
The bowls I have vary in weight even if the diameter is the same - it is more to do it seems to me with the thickness of the metal shell. Unless your client is very light-weight and frail I'd think it might be worth a go. I can tell you that someone once placed a medium-sized crystal bowl on my back and because of it's wide base as well as thick crystal shell it seemed a bit heavy. The smallness of the "footprint" of brass/metal singing bowls seems to better balance it's weight and not seem so heavy. Good luck!
Made in Nepal
Brass
Yes
Yes
The bowl is made of brass which is fairly thick.
Mine came with a lovely little cushion, as pictured.
I don't know music that well and I love the sound of my bowl but I would guess the tone would be on the lower side.
yes
Sorry, no to both. But as I said it fires up nicely and provides what to me sounds like Key of A.
The Orange Micro Terror 20 w is a powerful hybrid amp (tube and solid state).It will be loud enough for a small gig. For a big gig you will need to mic the cabinet for more volume.
The cabinet is 16 ohms
The cab is an open back with a Kustom speaker.
17 (H) x 17.75 (W) x 10 (D). My Fender Super Champ head fits perfectly. Definitely designed for smaller heads.
No, these are 16 ohm speakers rated at about 30 watts, you would burn the voice coils out!
I would say no. Because I believe it would cut through the drums and other mix. If you use a mic and run it through the PA, then yes.
do not know don't have it now
I bought this for my son and he filled the gym of his school playing, it was actually over kill and was asked to turn it down. Pretty clean and if you have a good effects pedal the thing screams and sounds good.
Yes
Not very, but it's by design. Since there's only a single knob to control both gain and volume, it breaks up pretty early, at least in my experience with a 1x12 and 2x12. The gain stepping is also pretty aggressive as you turn the knob. Others below seem to disagree but what constitutes "clean" and "loud" is highly subjective. There are however well published mods that you can do (or have done) to add tone, volume, etc. controls to the head. While it does sound great for a $100 tube amp, if you're going to consider investing in the mods it's probably more sensible to just buy a small head with more controls for the same additive price.
it will sound good. louder than one might think. i love the little guy. i've had amps for way more $ and be equal or less than good. the el84 plus the 12x7 yadda yadda is the same as a Vox. A class too. sounds like a beatles amp, but raunchier. problems... the cheap ass plugs electric hook up thingsy is eggshellish. cut corners somehow i guess. if you can afford the speaker cab, i'd go for it. the speaker is voiced for the amp and breaks up when driven at the right time. lovely.
This amp does not have a headphone output.
A short answer is yes but not very clearly even if the impedance load matches up. You will be under powering the speaker cone and will not be able to drive the highs well... but that could cater to a darker blues style tone. it would not hurt anything to drive a speaker then needed
It's all one track. It's the main channel output that gets put out the USB cable.
The internal effects are internally routed. But I certainly have a bunch of balance and unbalanced patch cables, as well as other types of connectors. We would need to understand what you are trying to do in order to give you more specific answers.
Mono channels 1..6 + stereo channels 7/8..13/14 + Aux1 L/R + Aux2 L/R. Note that Aux2 is the return from the on-board reverb, so you will lose that function if Aux2 is used as an external input.
Yep it comes with rack mounts , great mixer !
Yes, it comes with a power cord, usb cord and owners manual in several languages. i can't remember for sure about the USB cord, but I think it did. It is a standard USB cord in any case no proprietary connection.
It has no internal amp, if that's what you mean. So you have to amp your output or use "powered" speakers, which is how I run it.
Yes, but it is one switch on or off.
Yes it does...
It has a 2 track output that can be used in a DAW.
Yes it does have built in x-over and it is adjustable. I would recommend this board highly. It does take some getting used to , especially if you are accustomed to Yamaha.
Mixed output only..
Yes it doses but you may have bad cable my did the same change cable all good
Yes
No power output on this one most powered soundboards will be marked power. You will need to buy an amplifier separate with this one though.
The X2222USB will occupy eight rack spaces.
You will be able to connect up to 10
all four are phantom with on and off buttom
The exact specs are listed but it has removable sidebars so that it can be used in a rack. As far as vertical space probably half of one. It is very slim.
yes
you would connect an XLR cable from the MAIN OUT on the board to the input(s) on your amp. If your amp doesnt have XLR inputs, then you will need to buy an adapter or new cables. You could alternatively connect the amp with the 1/4 in output from the MONITOR or HEADPHONES, you could also connect it to the OUT on the RCA.
There is a headset output and volume control on the right side of the board.
You will need an external power amp to power your passive speakers.
Earthing issue i guess!
You cannot use both the input and output on the 2 track at the same time, they can only be used 1 at a time.
Yes. Probably more than the average DJ needs, but is very versatile and provides a lot of function for the price.
There is a usb that connects to the macbook.
I think sub woofer can use only through amp
Each of the first six channels has a dual mono low impedance and high impedance input. the other channels have separtae stereo 1/4 inch high impedance inputs that will be stereo if both inputs are used and mono if only the first input is used.
Yes
It is easily straightened by clamping one end in a vise and twisting 3-4 twists per inch with pliers or vise-grips while pulling it straight.
Yup, its a little bit on the heavy side but I use it for all my planes that only need short pushrods. FT Bloody Wonder, FT 3D etc.
Mines weighing 3.8oz and ive used a few feet, so I'd imagine you'd be correct with your calculation of 4oz. Hope this helps.
Its rigid wire. I don't know if it would hold up on a rc plane though.
I'm not a mechanical engineer, but based on the specifications given in the description, I would say it depends. According to the description: Tensile strength - 303-333 ksi (min. - max.) Tensile Strength Max 335000 PSI Outside Diameter 0.051 inches So, the two tensile strengths are in slight disagreement. If you go with the lower value for safety, then it supports 303ksi (which I'm assuming means kilopounds/square inch). With a diameter of .051 inches, that works out to a cross section of: pi * diameter = 3.14 * .051 = .16 square inches Assuming tensile strength scales linearly with the cross section (it probably doesn't), then the total amount the wire should be able to support before failing is roughly: .016 square inches * 303 kilopounds/square inch = 48 kilopounds Which is far more than necessary to support 500lbs. The "depends" part comes from the fact that I'm not an engineer, and don't fully understand the forces at work. Be careful, and don't use it for anything safety-critical unless you get a real engineer to evaluate it!
No, it is about as big around as the lead in a number two pencil
Yes. It must certainly can. I have kept my application clean and dry and have had no issues. I will apply a light coat of oil if I need to store for any length of time in the garage or shed.
This wire can be used for a Single note on some pianos. You have to measure the diameter of the wire and compare them. The lower notes have additional wire wrapped around them and this wire will not work unless you happen to have the means to perform the wrapping.
I am guessing that it is a trade secret. However, it is high carbon steel and can be tempered, like a fish hook. We use it in picture framing for holding 3-d objects in place in shadowbox framing. We use polyolefin heat shrink tubing over the exposed ends so as to not damage the object being framed.
This is a very bendable wire, but strong.
It is easily straightened by clamping one end in a vise and twisting 3-4 twists per inch with pliers or vise-grips while pulling it straight.
Yup, its a little bit on the heavy side but I use it for all my planes that only need short pushrods. FT Bloody Wonder, FT 3D etc.
Mines weighing 3.8oz and ive used a few feet, so I'd imagine you'd be correct with your calculation of 4oz. Hope this helps.
Its rigid wire. I don't know if it would hold up on a rc plane though.
I'm not a mechanical engineer, but based on the specifications given in the description, I would say it depends. According to the description: Tensile strength - 303-333 ksi (min. - max.) Tensile Strength Max 335000 PSI Outside Diameter 0.051 inches So, the two tensile strengths are in slight disagreement. If you go with the lower value for safety, then it supports 303ksi (which I'm assuming means kilopounds/square inch). With a diameter of .051 inches, that works out to a cross section of: pi * diameter = 3.14 * .051 = .16 square inches Assuming tensile strength scales linearly with the cross section (it probably doesn't), then the total amount the wire should be able to support before failing is roughly: .016 square inches * 303 kilopounds/square inch = 48 kilopounds Which is far more than necessary to support 500lbs. The "depends" part comes from the fact that I'm not an engineer, and don't fully understand the forces at work. Be careful, and don't use it for anything safety-critical unless you get a real engineer to evaluate it!
No, it is about as big around as the lead in a number two pencil
Yes. It must certainly can. I have kept my application clean and dry and have had no issues. I will apply a light coat of oil if I need to store for any length of time in the garage or shed.
This wire can be used for a Single note on some pianos. You have to measure the diameter of the wire and compare them. The lower notes have additional wire wrapped around them and this wire will not work unless you happen to have the means to perform the wrapping.
I am guessing that it is a trade secret. However, it is high carbon steel and can be tempered, like a fish hook. We use it in picture framing for holding 3-d objects in place in shadowbox framing. We use polyolefin heat shrink tubing over the exposed ends so as to not damage the object being framed.
This is a very bendable wire, but strong.
It is easily straightened by clamping one end in a vise and twisting 3-4 twists per inch with pliers or vise-grips while pulling it straight.
Yup, its a little bit on the heavy side but I use it for all my planes that only need short pushrods. FT Bloody Wonder, FT 3D etc.
Mines weighing 3.8oz and ive used a few feet, so I'd imagine you'd be correct with your calculation of 4oz. Hope this helps.
Its rigid wire. I don't know if it would hold up on a rc plane though.
I'm not a mechanical engineer, but based on the specifications given in the description, I would say it depends. According to the description: Tensile strength - 303-333 ksi (min. - max.) Tensile Strength Max 335000 PSI Outside Diameter 0.051 inches So, the two tensile strengths are in slight disagreement. If you go with the lower value for safety, then it supports 303ksi (which I'm assuming means kilopounds/square inch). With a diameter of .051 inches, that works out to a cross section of: pi * diameter = 3.14 * .051 = .16 square inches Assuming tensile strength scales linearly with the cross section (it probably doesn't), then the total amount the wire should be able to support before failing is roughly: .016 square inches * 303 kilopounds/square inch = 48 kilopounds Which is far more than necessary to support 500lbs. The "depends" part comes from the fact that I'm not an engineer, and don't fully understand the forces at work. Be careful, and don't use it for anything safety-critical unless you get a real engineer to evaluate it!
No, it is about as big around as the lead in a number two pencil
Yes. It must certainly can. I have kept my application clean and dry and have had no issues. I will apply a light coat of oil if I need to store for any length of time in the garage or shed.
This wire can be used for a Single note on some pianos. You have to measure the diameter of the wire and compare them. The lower notes have additional wire wrapped around them and this wire will not work unless you happen to have the means to perform the wrapping.
I am guessing that it is a trade secret. However, it is high carbon steel and can be tempered, like a fish hook. We use it in picture framing for holding 3-d objects in place in shadowbox framing. We use polyolefin heat shrink tubing over the exposed ends so as to not damage the object being framed.
This is a very bendable wire, but strong.
It is easily straightened by clamping one end in a vise and twisting 3-4 twists per inch with pliers or vise-grips while pulling it straight.
Yup, its a little bit on the heavy side but I use it for all my planes that only need short pushrods. FT Bloody Wonder, FT 3D etc.
Mines weighing 3.8oz and ive used a few feet, so I'd imagine you'd be correct with your calculation of 4oz. Hope this helps.
Its rigid wire. I don't know if it would hold up on a rc plane though.
I'm not a mechanical engineer, but based on the specifications given in the description, I would say it depends. According to the description: Tensile strength - 303-333 ksi (min. - max.) Tensile Strength Max 335000 PSI Outside Diameter 0.051 inches So, the two tensile strengths are in slight disagreement. If you go with the lower value for safety, then it supports 303ksi (which I'm assuming means kilopounds/square inch). With a diameter of .051 inches, that works out to a cross section of: pi * diameter = 3.14 * .051 = .16 square inches Assuming tensile strength scales linearly with the cross section (it probably doesn't), then the total amount the wire should be able to support before failing is roughly: .016 square inches * 303 kilopounds/square inch = 48 kilopounds Which is far more than necessary to support 500lbs. The "depends" part comes from the fact that I'm not an engineer, and don't fully understand the forces at work. Be careful, and don't use it for anything safety-critical unless you get a real engineer to evaluate it!
No, it is about as big around as the lead in a number two pencil
Yes. It must certainly can. I have kept my application clean and dry and have had no issues. I will apply a light coat of oil if I need to store for any length of time in the garage or shed.
This wire can be used for a Single note on some pianos. You have to measure the diameter of the wire and compare them. The lower notes have additional wire wrapped around them and this wire will not work unless you happen to have the means to perform the wrapping.
I am guessing that it is a trade secret. However, it is high carbon steel and can be tempered, like a fish hook. We use it in picture framing for holding 3-d objects in place in shadowbox framing. We use polyolefin heat shrink tubing over the exposed ends so as to not damage the object being framed.
This is a very bendable wire, but strong.
It is easily straightened by clamping one end in a vise and twisting 3-4 twists per inch with pliers or vise-grips while pulling it straight.
Yup, its a little bit on the heavy side but I use it for all my planes that only need short pushrods. FT Bloody Wonder, FT 3D etc.
Mines weighing 3.8oz and ive used a few feet, so I'd imagine you'd be correct with your calculation of 4oz. Hope this helps.
Its rigid wire. I don't know if it would hold up on a rc plane though.
I'm not a mechanical engineer, but based on the specifications given in the description, I would say it depends. According to the description: Tensile strength - 303-333 ksi (min. - max.) Tensile Strength Max 335000 PSI Outside Diameter 0.051 inches So, the two tensile strengths are in slight disagreement. If you go with the lower value for safety, then it supports 303ksi (which I'm assuming means kilopounds/square inch). With a diameter of .051 inches, that works out to a cross section of: pi * diameter = 3.14 * .051 = .16 square inches Assuming tensile strength scales linearly with the cross section (it probably doesn't), then the total amount the wire should be able to support before failing is roughly: .016 square inches * 303 kilopounds/square inch = 48 kilopounds Which is far more than necessary to support 500lbs. The "depends" part comes from the fact that I'm not an engineer, and don't fully understand the forces at work. Be careful, and don't use it for anything safety-critical unless you get a real engineer to evaluate it!
No, it is about as big around as the lead in a number two pencil
Yes. It must certainly can. I have kept my application clean and dry and have had no issues. I will apply a light coat of oil if I need to store for any length of time in the garage or shed.
This wire can be used for a Single note on some pianos. You have to measure the diameter of the wire and compare them. The lower notes have additional wire wrapped around them and this wire will not work unless you happen to have the means to perform the wrapping.
I am guessing that it is a trade secret. However, it is high carbon steel and can be tempered, like a fish hook. We use it in picture framing for holding 3-d objects in place in shadowbox framing. We use polyolefin heat shrink tubing over the exposed ends so as to not damage the object being framed.
This is a very bendable wire, but strong.
Nope. I believe it's China. We personally have had absolutely no quality problems, but I've heard of a few who have. Overall, though, I think it's more reliable than, say, the competitive products from Zoom and others in the same price range.
Yes... Tascam provides the warranty, Something like 3mos parts and labor and a year of parts only. Saves you some dough in a tight spot.
Yes
No, it is not a multi-tracking device in that sense, but it can record a stereo S/PDF channel while recording 6 other tracks.
Discrete files. A few different formats A 6 channel wav or a series of stereo wavs or mp3s But all tracks are recorded separately IN ADDITION to stereo mixdown
Yes you can. Just don't get the polarity wrong or you could damage the unit.
The unit comes with a wall adapter that will run 100 - 240 VAC. The adapter converts this to 12 VDC which is the power connection to the unit. It also runs on batteries.
It has 4 XLR inputs and two 1/4" TRS inputs so if your mic cables all end in xlr you will need two female xlr to male 1/4" TRS adaptors. As long as you have the proper adaptors it should work just fine. In the record settings you can set it up for individual files. The manual does a decent job of explaining inputs and set up and there are many tutorials on youtube on using this unit.
Kind of a broad statement but overall id say yes. The difference between mix level and rec trim tripped me up a bit at first But its pretty simple and straightforward. Menus can be deep and confusing but the surface functionality is pretty straight forwad, Its not "audio for dummies" but take it out play with it in a day or 2 you should be fine.
Better Mic-Pre, 192kHz, SDXC, Longer battery life (not useful to me, I always use AC adapter)
yes it does. But I put mine in a nice Odyssey case instead.
I have never used it like this, but according to the manual, the subgroups can be sent to this as well, so you can route a subgroup to a second console or computer. If you don't use this feature, the output is identical to the main mix. Hope this helps.
No you cannot. It will just have the L and R mains . The first eight channels have a direct out that you could plug into a multi track interface. I have pro tool, cubase, and audacity and that's how it works in all three.
I just weighed mine and it came out at 12.8 pounds or 5.8 Kg. I personally was surprised, as I carry mine to events all the time, and it didn't seem that heavy.
Here's what the manual states: The XENYX mixer line has built-in USB connectivity, allowing stereo signals to be sent to and from the mixer and a computer. The audio sent from the mixer to a computer is identical to the MAIN MIX. Audio being sent to the mixer from a computer can be routed to the main mix with the 2-TR/USB TO MAIN button. Connect the USB type B plug into the USB jack on the mixer, and the other end into a free USB port on your computer. There are no required drivers, but we recommend that PC users install the included ASIO driver. The driver can also be downloaded from behringer.com. I don't know what OS you are using, but you might want to make sure that your computer is set up for stereo input/output via your preferences. You could also check to see if you have the correct drivers installed from Behringer, and lastly, make sure you have the 2TR/USB to MAIN properly depress and you can also route it to a set of headphones via the SOURCE 2TR/USB. Also not sure if this is what you are hearing through headphones or mains (?). Are your main channels routed independently? So when you say USB Out, is that from a stereo source or from the PA?
No amplifier in this one
according to the info: "Planet Earth" switching power supply for maximum flexibility (100 - 240 V~), noise-free audio, superior transient response plus low power consumption for energy saving
If your asking about the built-in USB (only computer connect I'm aware of) it carries the 2-channel main mix output, not individual channels. Hope this helped.
most definitely!!! hook your laptop up to it thru the USB!! KaaaaBooom!! clearest "sound" no hiss!!... wink... - DTM
This is not a powered mixer. You could hook up but why? Your receiver can power and adjust your passive speakers. If you want to full effect of this mixer, you need powered speakers.
It is powered via USB 2.0, which can be done by plugging into the laptop USB
The cd comes with it
I use it with an HP laptop. The hardware has very little to do with it. I have used it with Windows XP, 7, 8 and 8.1 with no issues at all.
No, it does not come with a microphone.
All you need to do is install the drivers and use a "usb A to usb B cable".
Yes it works with Windows 7. It is just a hardware controller for DJ software so depending on what software you use it to control you can record your own mixes. It comes with a dumbed down version of virtual DJ which I don't believe gives you the option to record but if you can get your hands on the full version then you are golden.
I don't think so. Don't buy this controller. Complete waste of money on a piece of trash. I learned the hard way myself.
Yes sir it sure can be used globally . 100-240v ~ 50/60hz 180w fuse: t 3.15A H 250V
Yes, as Long as you have the proper adapters.
Yes. It's an output for the mixer and a thru port for the rear input. So you can daisy chain several of these units together.
You have to do that through the rear, all the connections from the front is input based, so that you can connect your line in, be it a microphone, iPod or media player but from the rear, there are two cannon connections, one is designed as a line-out and the second is for looping through a couple of them together, just incase you have a few units to be used all at the same time. So whichever device, you'll love to capture the audio output with, just make sure it has a cable interface with a basic 3pin cannon plug connector, then you connect it to the line-out (not the second connector as that is an input only for looping multiple units together) then the signal will be recorded sweetly. If you are using multiple speakers maybe like 3 or 4 units looped together, then you must connect the recorder to the last speaker box in the loop as the line-out will be free for tethering any recorder. I hope this helps!
Hi. Yes, there are (RCA) line level inputs for left and right channels. Please keep in mind that this unit has only 1 speaker, so left and right channels are mixed together outputting mono sound. I was impressed with the sound considering the 1 speaker, but it is not stereo. I use it for my DJ business as a portable PA speaker and it works just great. I have also used it in my house as an external speaker allowing me to listen to music from phone in a medium sized room and it is plenty loud.
In a word: yes! I have used them before this way. as long as you've got a good karaoke system these will be ideal.
It does mount on a standard mic stand. It comes with an adapter that screws onto the mic stand or it will simply slide onto the mic stand. You do not have to use a boom mic stand and in fact should not use a boom mic stand; it could easily fall over. Even on a standard mic stand it can easily be tipped over.
What you are suggesting will most likely create feedback and/or damage the unit (any brand). If you are using it as a monitor try to get your input feed from the PA. If you can't get an isolated monitor mix from the PA then plug your mic into the B205D and use it to reinforce you own stage mix. Run the output to the PA but...Don't loop back!
You have to use an RCA cable. the red and white audio cable that "back then" came with your dvd player. You connect it from the audio out to the red and with dedicated input on the euroliveb205d. Let us know if you still have problems.
Thru XLR connector, mic/line
There's a strap peg on the bottom of the body. I just ran a shoelace above the nut and used that to tie on the top of the strap. Works fine.
Yes, it does.
Yes, it has a connection at the bottom of the guitar for a strap. But it does not come with a strap.
That's correct. Nothing but the guitar.
It should, It's a basic acoustic guitar.
Yes
It's a right handed guitar out of the box but you could make it a left handed guitar by re-stringing it.
It's perfect size for that age. I got one for my 11 year old daughter and 6 year old niece. For the low price, irbid actually a pretty nice guitar. 38 inches tall and the bottom I the body (widest part) is 14.5 inches
It fit my Les Paul 50's Tribute.
I am atleast that sure but not100%.I have purchased several different styles and most will fit all. Worth the gamble I think.
These are genuine gibson knobs I had to buy these because I changed my pots out on Korean made les paul type guitar the Korean knobs were smaller so I'd be careful these might not fit your pot thread.
Only if the pots have the same shaft... It does not depend on the guitar itself, but the electronics installed...
Depending, If you order it today with Regular ground shipping. 4-6 business days. It will ship out on Monday the 13th if you order through the weekend. And depending if you pay for speedy shipping. Need anything else, please let us know!
Hello, yes a Cover and Footswitch from 8thstreet Music, Thanks
Hello, Yes a 4-Button Footswitch is included from 8thstreet Music, Thanks!
Yes it does, it also has a amp cover included. One word of warning though, this amp is VERY LOUD. I rarely turn the volume up past 1 -1-1/2. Volume at 3 when playing with a band. You could easily use it for a small venue without being miked. Footswitch is very well made and durable.
Like the other two said, it's a 1 3/8' pole so it may be a little loose in a 1 1/2'. It will work fine but if you want a snug fit you would need a adapter sleeve. Overall it will work just fine!
The height is adjusted by loosening the top control screw and lifting the pole inside the base. Once the proper height is reached tighten the top control screw to hold the pole in place.
They have 1-3/8" mounting poles. This is the most common size, but you will need to check your speakers.
If I'm not mistaken you have 1 year warranty from the manufacturer. Also check with the vendor.
This item comes as shown (pair)... Please inspect upon arrival as I received one that seemed to be repaired.
Fender use a industry standard socket on their speakers, so these should work. But as I found out the are thin materials and wobbly.
I just put a magnet to one of the two I have. It didn't stick. Not to the legs, shaft or sleeve. Weighed myself with and without one and it came in at 5.5 pounds.
35mm yes they will fit the Behringer EUROLIVE B212D perfectly.
As long as it has a built in or you put a external tripod adaptor it should work I would not go any bigger then 15s on the tripods do to weight limit
Yes. JBL shows a 36mm mounting socket and these show 35mm diameter.
if u want a great well made nylon guitar, get the Amigo Am 30. i got it on amazon,took it to guitar center n all those guys were impressed.said it was of good quality.its not made in china either;its made in Romania. its my most fav. guitar. check it out.
Yes it is
I haven't measured it, but my 10 year old daughter uses it. And when I use the guitar my fingers are very cramped. It doesn't look at all close to the size of our teacher's guitar.
Yes. It's a 3/4 size so just a little smaller than an adult size. Bought it for my 9 year old and it's plenty big enough. Nice guitar for the price.
I think it'll be perfect for you! I'm a few inches smaller but the guitar fits me well enough, and I've had no problems with it! Great value for the price.
No
full size.
classical guitars r always smaller/lighter than steel string guitars. one great classical guitar to get is the 'amigo' am 30 or am15 model. well made n easy to play n fun. if u want a great perfect size steel string,look into the 'dean' fly series guitar. i have the mahogany one. its pretty perfect.
if 3/4 is bigger than its 3/4. cuz this guitar is a little bulky and not small. its close to being full size. close. if ur a bigger person tho, u won't even notice this. i am not a big person. 5'5. and i wish it was a little smaller.less bulky.
Not sure the guitar itself isn't very heavy my five year old can hold it up just couldn't get his arm all the way around it
I seriously do not remember, I was so disappointed when I received it. I was not really expecting much, it was a gag gift for Christmas but It was a piece of junk and is sitting in my closet!
the microphones are cordless.
I don't believe so however we don't have that information on this particular item.
You can connect master microphone to any DVD player and TV. No assembly required.
Yes, I am using it for just that.
I don't believe so. That information was not provided to us by the manufacturer.
Tubes need to be changed when there is a difference in the sound and in general every year anyway to make sure they don't fail on you. Transistors never need to be changed unless they burn or a bad short in the circuitry of the amp is encountered. But if that happens for the most part the entire amp is fried. Tubes have a natural compression and smooth creamy distortion when pushed at higher volumes. Transistors are clean no matter how loud the volume is set unless there is a master control. A tube amp of 15 watts can normally out volume a transistor amp of up to 50 watts and even more though this depends on tube amp manufacturer and condition of tubes. I've had them all from a 1965 VOX AC30 to a 100watt Galien Krueger 212G transistor amp that I used for 2 decades. Now I use a VOX AC15C1 with an Epiphone Casino and I get creamy distortion, amazing string feedback, tonal and sensitivity range that I could never get with the Gallien that I used for rock bands with A LOT of pedals. You being an acoustic player may prefer the clean transistor sound which is not inferring tube amps can't be clean but as the volume goes up the natural distortion also does except for Ampegs which stay clean until your ears bleed.
This amp is not a channel-switching amp and does not accept an A/B footswitch for channel switching; however, you can get an ABY switch, which you will put BEFORE the inputs. What it will do is take the output from your guitar and split it 2 ways. The pedal switch will select which one of the two ways the output will go. Connect one of them to the "normal" input of the amp and the other to the "top boost" channel. Both channels of the amp are always on, but what comes out of the speaker depends on which input you're using. So, your guitar goes to the ABY switch, then depending on which of the Y outputs you've selected, continues to whichever amp input it's connected to. This is effect will give you channel switching. But bear in mind that both amplifier channel inputs are always on.
Yes. You should be able to. Others have done this. Get something like a Morley AB box and you can rock both channels at the same time.
David - you could play through this amp at low (bedroom) levels but I wouldn't advise playing bass through it with a band. You would likely blow the speaker pretty quickly with a bass.
You could def blow the noise off the roof of a small coffee shop. And worst case scenario you can Microphone the amp into a PA system and get as loud as you want. Or use the output line to connect an even bigger Amp Cab.
Unless you are playing in a touring band that does shows to audiences 500 plus or desire to lose your hearing at an early age, the AC15 is all you need. Sure AC30's are legendary, but this thing breaks up at a lower volume and delivers a warm tone without deafening your audience at smaller venues. It's easier to carry around as well. Any decent venue mics your amp anyway. This is an excellent little workhorse amp for the price. Be forewarned the reverb is not anything special.
I never tried that, probably because when I was in my first band (late '60's) we started off broke and actually had to play two guitars through one amp at one point. It sounded like crap! That said, you can use both inputs simultaneously, so what you want to do certainly should work.
No, the normal channel by passes the EQ section. Only the top boost channel has independent treble and bass controls.
Sorry frank, but "specs" is not a question.
The DAC is fine. What will limit sound quality in this case is not the DAC but rather the upsampling that pandora is guilty of - at least when i sampled music streaming services. I compared spotify, pandora, and mog, and hands down - Mog was the winner in file quality - dont get bogged down with numbers and listen first. I cancelled both pandora and spotify immediately.
I use a small tube hdphne amp w mine $55.00
Yes....you can control from the volume control on the Windows 7 task bar. I have the HRT Music Streamer II running with my laptop and it makes a really noticeable improvement to the sound quality.
Only analog RCA, stereo of course. That is the point - asynchronous digital usb communication to a very high quality DAC to yield the best analog signal out as possible.
I believe it to be around 100 Ohms.
Hey, I'd email their support team here- support@hirestech.com They got back with me within a few minutes. I asked the same thing about the iphone 5 because the hr II has a funky usb type. The first part of their response may be relevant to you- "There was never any intention of paring a Music Streamer II with an iPhone, our recommendation would be either the iStreamer or the microStreamer (both current models). That said, it is possible to accomplish but not an ideal solution. Here would be the signal chain of such a system: iPhone -&gt; Apple Lightning to USB A Cable -&gt; self powered USB 2.0 hub -&gt; USB A to USB B cable -&gt; Music Streamer II"
No, this is a DAC only. You will need an amplifier.
This is a pretty specific question--send an email to HRT--the engineer who developed the device is readily available. I've emailed him a few times with questions and he's always been responsive. You can find a link on the HRT site.
Yes this works with the Mac. It was actually built with the Mac in mind.
does the kindle have a usb output? laptops have the necessary output & can go online for setup! Maybe? try it
If you go to Pioneers website they have a bunch of how to videos you can watch and they tell you how to use the microphone. It appears in your unit the aux input ( which the mic uses ) is on the back of the unit
This mic is for setting up the amplifier speaker system, my pioneer system has a mic input and then there is a setup on the remote control. it is for balancing the speakers in a surround sound system where the speakers are in different locations around the room.
The only other place I was able to find pioneer mic's was their website. There costly and they stop making older models like the one my home theater uses. But the one on Amazon worked for mine, even though it not the right model mine uses
No. It's made may for auto eq the pioneer radio. A mic won't work on your auxiliary on your radio.
Yes, Pioneer's website says that it is compatible. "The 8-band graphic equaliser, high/low-pass filters, Sonic Center Control and Auto EQ (with optional microphone CD-MC20) let you best match your device to the acoustics of your car." http://www.pioneer.com.au/au/products/25/111/281/AVH-P4450BT/page.html
If it has the auto-eq jack then yes. Dont waste your money, it makes the eq extremely tinny.
I see no problem using this mic with the Avh-200bt.
Yes. But if you but the 80prs the microphone comes with the unit so you don't have to buy it separate. I know for a fact cause I bought the same head unit for my other car after I bought the mic for my previous car with my pioneer NEX head unit. I hope this helps. Have fun
will this work with my pioneer vsx 1122k
No
Yes. This set will be perfect if you're a committed beginner, as it has all the necessary functions of a dual deck, cross fader, and an additional input for a mic or aux line. The NS7fx effects bar has some essential effects, but from here you can graduate to the ns7 II if you need more professional effects, and 4 channels.
wdf.....!!!!! how u bent the platter ? did the dj say wheeeeeellll and u pulll out the platter and fling it...omg........anyways u have to take out the platter and get the ovality checked by a machinist and then verify wheres bent to have it straightened. and yes theres the two allen nut to tighten the platter.
Yes all necessary cables and serato itch software is included
There are splitters available, it depends. What outputs do you need specifically?
It comes in a cardboard box. However, it doesn't come with a flight case, if that's what you're asking.
Ns7fx is perfect for all that. It gives u the freedom to go hard without worrying about hardware. But your gonna need a computer with allot of ram if.your gonna be going hard. A cooling fan. Or preferably a mac book pro. A sound processor and crossover so sending all that peaking to your speakers(you will blow a few)
the best way to answer that question is it is a brand new unit that I have never opened and taken out of the box. so I have never sent any warranty card. I do not know how their warranties work if it's based on the purchase date or not? all I can tell you is it is a brand new unit has never been used that is still in the plastic
It is designed for Serato... Anything else will have to be mapped...
No but serato is a free download
"37" It's pretty amazing...
No, it's just a MIDI controller.
It has a midi out, where a midi cable can be plugged into but the cable does not come with the keyboard.
I honestly don't think so, mainly because the controller is supposed to work with your DAW via USB or MIDI. As I understand, UX1 has input for 1/4 plugs, so you would not be controlling any software.
Yes
The keyboard interfaces to a computer or other hardware via USB or DIN. Access to download of Ableton Live Lite 9 is provided and the software can be upgraded for a modest price. I use it with sequencing software to compose.
no
I don't know about Reason but it work great on Yosemite.
I don't think you've given enough information. What software do you want to use this with (e.g., Garage Band)? What kind of computer? If you're expecting sound to come out of the keyboard, it won't, it will come out of the computer.
It's plug and play as a device so you don't need special software. You just use it with whatever software you use to record
Wish I could help, it looks like this is App designed for MAC and iPads, and it has a version for PCs, but I don't use the software. Looking at some of the information on the Web, it only mentions that it can be used with USB keyboards, but doesn't mention anything about compatible keyboards. I'd suggest posting a comment on one of the Apple forums pertaining to this App/software. Sorry I could be more helpful.
Different rack. Snare has its own stand. Drum size on dm10x are 3 10" & 2 12" pads. Dm10 is 3 8" & 2 10" pads. Brain is same.
Yes and no. It does include all of the cables, but it doesn't have everything you need to play. The most notable absence is the kick drum pedal. You need one of those, or you can't play the bass drum. You need your own sticks, too, and if you want to hear yourself play, you either need headphones with a 1/4-inch plug or an adapter to enable you to plug in your 1/8-inch headphones. If you want other people to hear you play, you'll have to buy a drum amplifier and a cable to connect it to the module. I don't think it comes with a drum throne, either, so you'll need a stool or something to sit on.
I use the dw3000 double bass pedal on it . works ok. make sure you have a good amp for this you want good sound don't have a weak amp. the bass pedal to be honest I am still struggling to dial it in for my feel.I also have played with the sensitivity and threshold to dial in the action for not having ghost hits the set I love and probably the weakest link is the hit hat pedal but playing with the settings can get it almost feeling real on the open and close. overall for the money and to take up drumming I love it.
The mesh conversion decreases sound a lot, even for the bass drum
It is possible!
Yes, of course you can. It has standard line-level stereo audio outputs that can be plugged into inputs on the portastudio. For best results use two mono tracks or one stereo track so that you retain the stereo image of the drum sounds. Also, not sure if you can do this with the Portastudio, but if you record to PC or Mac-based recording software, you can also record the MIDI data from the Drum kit to a MIDI track as you play, then you have great flexibility to work with the data to easily make corrections, change sounds, quantize the track, etc.
I am not sure if you can do that. Most of the research I have seen is DIY in nature.
the stock picture than amazon has it covers many different drum set
Sorry no. I am sure it would be several hundred to ship it .
One of the crashes and the ride cymbal have the choke feature....
The case is not made for Mixtrack, as I do have the Mixtrack pro as well. It will fit the Mixdeck snuggly, but may need some additional padding (inside) for the Mistrack pro.
It's just the case
yes it does, the one I bought, came with a hard case, power cords and the virtual DJ LE, I am very happy with this product. Ralph Warzy, Ralph Warzy DJ Entertainment.
Yes, just make sure your camera is set to line in (as opposed to mic in) since your mixer will have its own gain controls. You should also be aware that even though this cable works well and is of good quality, movement of it during recording will likely result in audible noise, so if your camera is tripod mounted you'll be fine, but if you're using it handheld you may want to get an 1/8" extension cable so the splitter is away from the movement.
The XLR is easy, it allows you to hook up two mics into one mic jack! The only thing that I didn't know is each mic will only record to either Left or Right audio tracks, not BOTH. It's an easy fix if you use advanced audio or video editing software like Adobe Premiere. I use this cable to hook up a studio microphone to my Canon T3i for recording interviews with talent.
If the Microphone needs phantom power of 48vdc to run the microphone this will not work. Also impendence is part of the answer as well. If the microphone is high impedance going into a low impedance input you may get an in accurate match for frequency response. This would sound tinny or very low volume. You may have to get preamp or cheap mixer to put between the microphone and your recording device that has phantom power. This is a less than 100.00 fix that will give you the best flexibility as well as keep the noise level down that could come from having to turn your input source up to much. Also looking at other comment if Blue Yeti is USB this would not work.
Nope.
It gives a reading as soon as you play a string.
It can not be powered with a power supply and it will stay on until turned off or battery dies. Great tuner.
XLR (microphone) cords from the back to input on the speakers
No
No, they won't plug into this in the way *I think* you want them to. There's a USB port on the back of this, but it's for interfacing with a computer, not for plugging USB microphones into it. Side note: I have an AT2020 USB, and I like it... but to use this mixing board with three AT2020s, you would need the XLR-type interface AT2020 mic, not the USB type. (Search for "AT2020 side address" on Amazon.)
Not sure what responders are talking about here. The X1204USB does indeed built in FX but the 1204USB model doesn't (and is $30 cheaper).. Just look at the top right of the board where it lists all the preset effects... reverb, chorus, delay, etc...
yes.
You can use it as an audio interface, but you can't use it as a controller. It'll mix everything coming into the mixer down to a stereo mix and send that through the usb interface.
It depends on two things - 1: what kind of mics you have and 2: if you need all of the audio recorded into separate channels on the computer. If you have 6 mics that are XLR or need phantom power, then this will not suit your needs - this can only power 4 XLR mics. (If you have what are called dynamic mics with 1/4" plugs - or self powered condensor mics that can use 1/4" jacks - then you are fine). For the second part (about separate channels) it really depends what you want to be able to do. The USB part of this mixer records just two separate channels into the computer - the same as the left and right main output of the mixer. So if you were to use 6 mics you would have them all recorded, but all together. (Thus, if someone was too quiet, you could not just turn them up after the fact.) You can use the panning to get two completely separate tracks, but that's clearly not enough for what you're trying to do. If you want to record all 6 tracks independently you will need something more expensive. I hope this helps!
There's a Headphone socket.
Recording digitally over the USB eliminates most of the static or hissing. It is still possible that the guitar picks up some interference along the way, but just don't play in front of the microwave and turn your cell phone off when you are recording. Also, try to utilize a common ground if you have several powered devices to avoid ground loops (I.e. plug everything into the same power strip).
Consult the User's Manual page 7 (download manual from www.behringer.com) to use the AUX1 and AUX2 controls. To send only the mic channel, make sure the FX trimmer (Orange knob) for that channel is turned all the way clockwise and the FX (or AUX) trimmer for all other channels are set all the way counter-clockwise. The FX (or AUX) SEND and RETURN knobs set to mid or farther to the right. You should be able to monitor the signal in your headphones.
It's the music + singing - all the music with the lyrics being sung, plus the book to the production
I got the script and the cd. It was wonderful to have 6th graders sing along.
No. This is like the perusal copy. Sample cd, and libretto. You'll need to purchase a performance pack and liscense for the performance cc
Yes. There is a single MIDI OUT port on the back. I play mine through a sound module without a computer.
I have a Gator lightweight keyboard case with rollers for this keyboard and it is an excellent product with adjustable foam velcro straps for a flexible fit. Here's a link: http://www.gatorcases.com/p/111196-679/gk-61-slim
The OEM keys of the UMX are weighted but; what is most significant about them is that they are individually spring-loaded unlike less expensive keyboards which mold multiple keys on a common stringer of plastic which acts as a hinge and takes the place of the springs in the more expensive units.
Yup, no problem. I've run it on Yosemite through Ableton and Reason without any issues.
No this keyboards doesn't make sounds by itself, you can plug headphones into whatever you will use to make the soumds ie your computer.
First you have to tell it which channel you're sending the command out on and naturally it has to coincide with whatever one you set your sound module to receive on. Typically that's channel one so while you're holing down the ASSIGN button depress the white key with the number 1# above it on the right side of the board. Next with the assign button LED still lit depress the white key with the word "PROGRAM" above it. Follow that up by depressing whatever white keys with numbers over them that correlate with the program number your after (usually 3 digits) and then depress the white key with the word "ENTER' above it. That will give you the basic 127 programs. If you want to go to another bank of programs you have to know and enter the bank address first. Hold the assign button down as you press the program key, next press the number key for the most significant number of the bank (the MSB or first number) followed by the MSB key, then press the number key for the least significant number of the bank (the LSB or second number) followed by the LSB key, and after that press the number keys (3 digits) for the program you want in that bank followed by the "ENTER" key. I believe the procedure is more or less the same for assigning certain buttons to programs already pulled up but; I've never bothered to try that. I admit making the keys double function like this is confusing but; it saves a lot of money on production costs. Hope this gets you where you want to go. Joe
Yes. I am using it with Windows 8.1 now.
Unfortunately, we are unable to ship any of our Amazon orders outside of the United States.
No. The UMX itself is only a controller. It has one MIDI output port and that's it as far a MIDI goes. There is no sound module built into the board.
Unfortunately, no it is not.
I use this with bass and it's great. The tone is all there (in fact, I'd say it's better than using a cable). You will not be disappointed.
And as such is monophonic and with a narrower spectrum than that of a synthesizer...
Yes, it works. About the battery life, i dont really know cause my batteries are wasted, so they dont work well, but it's like the regular batteries
I don't think rechargeable batteries are recommended for use in this unit. I buy the big pack of alkaline AA batteries at Sams or Costco to reduce cost and save spent batteries to be taken for recycling during our haz waste day. Great little unit for the $$
Not sure what your asking about the Mexican frequencies? But the unit transmits the frequencies required and has nothing to do with where you are, its line of sight transmission. But having said that it is possible that Mexico uses those frequencies for uses that would interfere with your unit or even render it unusable!! So I would try and find out if the frequencies are used by government or commercial entities before I would buy the unit. Hope this helps?
Yes. This unit sits between your instrument and pedals/amp. It has a sending unit that you hang on your guitar strap. The output of the instrument plugs into it. It also has a receiver unit with an output that you plug into your pedals or amp.
It takes two... be aware, unless they've changed the design, battery door does not secure very well, in fact mine has a crack in it.
No issues. The signal goes through walls, and the range is very good. I've been gigging with this for over a year, both indoor and outdoor performances, with no issues. No delay, no hum or any other issue.
Transmitter and receiver comes as package, not separate. Semi true bypass. Never tried on a double bass
No it shouldn't do that.
Hello, There is only one control connection. You cannot have both connected at the same time.
No timer. Just a button that must be manually depressed to emit fog.
Hello, The wireless remote is a basic on/off remote. You press the button to trigger the fog machine to activate and release to turn off. The remote is similar to a car alarm remote.
I do an outdoor hayride every year and it works fine. The only issue is I use more than one, and they all have same frequency
Do not use in the mini fog. The machines are very different and you will destroy it.
It doesn't bother me but have had some complain about smell.
It is a soap like substance when it comes out of the snow machine. As it lays on the ground it will stick around for a while so I would say yes to the snow angels but trying to make a snow ball seems problematic.
I don't think so. My experience is that snow, bubble, and fog juices are all different. They also require cleaning after each use or they will fail. Be mindful of that and read the cleaning directions.
It is 20.5" wide and 54" long.
It has a dark reddish finish and looks very nice. I own this plus a Yamaha CP-5 and a Steinway "A" and the YDP sounds great and is a joy to play.
No
Yes.
It does, and it is very easy. Touch of a button.
yes
Yes it does.
The default voltage depends on where the instrument is to be used or where it is sold. In the U.S., it would be 120 volts, AC.
Kuo, We offer free shipping on this item. Best, Andy's Music
Yes, it came with a bench (without storage under the seat).
It is full sized. The neck is about 25" long.
Right Handed.
Bueno, yo instale un juego de cuerdas de concierto marca Sevilla de tension mediana, pero es opcional ya que esttas son algo costosas, puede asesorarse en la tienda, cual podria cumplir con la funcion sin representar mucho costo. Suerte Sr. Jose Ignacio.
I received 3 picks with mine.
Straps, no pockets.
Yeah I was super tripped out about that too, but its is a Fender. That's what we got in the mail was a Fender. I think they used to be Squiers but the product line was updated. Its a Fender for sure.
Yes
No
Yes, I have recently received this guitar. It comes with everything you said, strap as well.
No need, the saddles have the propper height for it.
7.25"
Nope, the mustang bridge will drop right in where the original bridge was. I prefer the mustang bridge for its simplicity and it keeps my strings from popping out of the saddles so much
I've used this bridge on an MIJ Fender Jazzmaster and a MIA Fender Jaguar and it works very well. My guess is that it would work on a Squire Jazzmaster, but I cannot be absolutely certain.
Yea! It works great! I put it on the squier bass vi which has the jazzmaster bridge.
I wouldn't know, I used this bridge for my Fender JazzMaster. But I do know this does work with a Jaguar, if I had to guess, I'd say it most likely does fit the Thinline as well
Yes it will, it works on all the jazzmaster/jaguar models that use the traditional "drop-in" bridge piece. However, It DOES NOT work with the models that are stock equipped with the "adust-o-matic" style bridge piece, such as the MIM 'classic player' models.
Probably not. I think it would be much too small, and the wheels are not really made for off-road use. Hope that helps.
The inside dimension of the rear handles is 8-1/2", the front is about 8-3/4".
They are rubbery, and I think have a little sealed air, but no valve for filling. At any rate, they do not make noise when moving across hard surfaces. The wheels operate very quietly and smoothly.
According to the Rock n Roller website, the Media Shelf is designed to fit the R8; R10; R12 models. The photo of the R2 model shows that the uprights on each end are not equal in height, (unlike the R8,R10,R12)-- and the overall base dimensions of the R2 are substantially smaller than the R8; R10; R12 models for which the shelf is recommended. I do not believe that the Media Shelf would fit on the R2, even with modification.
It's not heavy at all and all you need is a pair of needle nose pliers to bend the clips that hold the wheels onto the axle. Other then it's fully assembled.
This is probably overkill for groceries. I would consider one of those basket carts, since weight isn't really much of a consideration. This is more heavy duty and can hold a lot of weight. Its an awesome cart I totally recommend it, but more for moving amps and equipment into clubs than groceries down a hallway. Though it does condense nicely, it still takes up a lot of space, especially if moving lighter items is your only need.
I don't know how to describe it, but there is a single button piece that pops out and locks into place when it is extended to a certain length. Once its locked in, you also have knobs to tighten it underneath. You'd never really have to worry about it separating
Yes it will it collapses down to about 4 1/2 high by 30 inches long
yes, it's super easy. but as I said my bolt centers were off. I may have just gotten a defective model.
Non inflatable
I bought this to change a rusted up bridge on a 92' strat, the block was about 3/16'' too deep and 1/16th wider than original block, the tremolo holes do not line up if you decided to use original block with it.
I think the fender strat has a thicker bar and thread and the squier has a thinner bar and smaller thread.
Yes
No
Yes.
You need springs the mounting screws and a tremolo bar... These are a great deal... I have purchased 6 in the last two years... I usually upgrade from the skinny blocks so all the other stuff is reused and that works out very well...
I don't own a Bullet Strat but the easiest way to find out is to measure the distance between the outer-most mount screws (center of screw to center of screw) of your existing tremolo. if they measure out to be 2-1/16", it will fit and the screws in-between should line up perfectly. Hope it works out for you! ~F~
Mexico.....it's just the bridge and block, no arm, claw, screws, or springs.
A Fender arm will guarantee to fit (they're cheap enough), but so should most Squier by Fender arms and many accessory aftermarket ones with the correct 'fine' thread.
Please note this part of the description: "Assembly features 2-1/16" bridge mounting spacing. As a result, bridge mounting screws will not directly fit onto a vintage or vintage reissue instrument and modification will be required" "Tremolo block will accept standard 10/32 thread tremolo arm. Does not include mounting hardware, tremolo claw, tremolo springs or tremolo arm" By the description you only get the bridge, tremolo block, and saddles so if the other parts that come with your original bridge do not fit it will not work. I would say on the silvertone guitar it probably will not work.
I measured the gooseneck to be 11". The length worked well for me, even with music taller than the stand. The clamp would slip, so my husband put a piece of foam rubber from the mail packaging under the clamp, then it never slipped.
It comes with an AC plug.
The hood is eight inches long, one and a half inches wide, and three-quarters of an inch high (plus a quarter inch backdrop that keeps the light from shining back toward the audience). The light switch has two modes or positions: the first click forward gives you about half the potential brightness; the second click forward gives you the full brightness.
Yes it does! It's a fantastic light because it illuminates both pages of music. I love it. Also you can plug it in ir use batteries.
Not that I've seen! I love mine
Yes it will light two pages of music. I am currently using this light on a Yamaha grand piano and it work's great.
No idea but it is plenty bright. Brighter than any other of these types I've tried
I tried it on my little Kawai. It was hard, but it worked. It would need some foam rubber from the packing to keep it from slipping.
No they don't.
Mine will open to one inch.
Hi James. This drum is supplied with only one stick. At 8 inches in diameter, it would be a bit small to accommodate two. On the plus side, this hand held drum sounds wonderful when struck with the fingertips, and I have used both hands doing that (alternating), so I suppose one could use two sticks if desired. This (for me) was a good deal (reasonably priced and of high quality). I hope this helps!
It looks like some sort of animal hide, it can fade from dense to clear in some spots. But it's well put together and makes a very intense sound. I'm actually thinking of wrapping a bit of cloth around the stick head (wooden) to muffle the sound. I realize some people may veer away from animal products, but the authenticity of the product, I think, is what helps me connect with it better. If it was mere synthetic I don't think I'd revere it very much.
low pitch. I'm not sure if it is similar to a native American drum.
No, you just play it until you find a sound you like!
The vibramate kits are configured for the corresponding bigbsby. In other words, the V5 goes with the bigsby B5, and the V7 goes with the B7. I have 2 les pauls that I have installed both the V5/B5 and the V7/B7 and they both fit. You will probably want to call the manufacturer to see which(s) fit the Ultra 339.
Dont think it will my friend. I bought one for me reiisure 61 SG, but I also have a PRS McCarty and the slope of the wood behind the bridge doesnt look like it flat enough to fit. With that said, the folks at Vibramate might be better equiped to answer your question. Hope this helps.
I have an Epiphone Les Paul Studio model and I installed the whole thing in 10 minutes. Everything fit together nicely, and if you curl the string ends, it's easier to attach them to the bar. Sounds great, but does add weight to the backend of the guitar.
Hi Keith. I assume that you are talking about on of the Epiphone semis (ES-335 style). If this is the case, you should be able to screen the plate directly into the stud bar wholes w/o having to drill at all. I did this on my Gibson Es-369. Make sure you measure the spacing between the two wholes (should be standard) and compare with the blueprint on the Vibramate site. Another solution I can make is to by a Bigsby B3 tailpiece that you can mount on the strap button and get a kit with a string spoiler from Christian Towner. This is what I have done and it looks a bit more "classic": http://townerusa.com/ Hope this helps.
Hi Molly. No Bigsby is not included. At that price that would be too good to be true. You have to buy it separately.
Yes, it comes with a power adaptor to supply 9v power to all pedals
This product does come with all the necessary cables to power the board and your pedals. It does not come with the cables necessary to link/chain the pedals. I hope this answers your question.
Yes.
Yes
it is a 110V So it works well in the US
About 12 deep x 16 wide
Total Length - 41" body length 19 1/2" width at lower bout 13 1/2"...upper bout 10 1/2" I would check the dimensions of the Pro Jet at the Gretsch site to be sure if you are buying this case for anything other than a Pro or Duo Jet. Gretsch will recommend the appropriate case.
Rotate the bar to the storage position and it's no problem.
I don't have personal experience, but in researching it I found a forum post that said it wouldn't fit the corvette.
You can indeed put a lock on the case. This case more ideal for home storage and light gigging on the road, so I wouldn't recommend this case for air travel. For any frequent air travel, I'd recommend either a rugged hard-shell case made by SKB or Gator.
I have a G5445T in it, and it is specifically made for the double cut away body. Sparkle Jet appears to be a typical Les Paul body however my Epiphone Les Paul Standard does fit.
As you must know! There are seemingly 100 gretsch model! Each body type has several variations! I use mine for a double cut away. With bigsby. Fits fine. That 5570 looks pretty bulky? One reviewer gives the inside measurements. I think it's the depth you need to be sure of? Good luck
Mike, this is the case for the G2220 Junior Bass. http://www.amazon.com/Gretsch-099-6409-000-6299-Short-Scale-Hollowbody/dp/B00AWJ2304/ref=sr_1_1?s=musical-instruments&ie=UTF8&qid=1390248536&sr=1-1&keywords=G6299+Short+Scale+Bass+Case Let me know if there is anything else I can help with. -Jeff
I would go directly to the source and ask then which case would work .... consumerrelations@gretschguitars.com
Karen, I think it will if it's an electromatic Pro Jet, which is what I won...I don't know that the 125th anniversary model is sized differently, maybe that info is on the Gretsch site. Usually you will find the case as a recommended accessory and get the correct model identified for you. I wasn't aware there was an anniversary model made. Total Length - 41" body length 19 1/2" width at lower bout 13 1/2"...upper bout 10 1/2" I would check the dimensions of the Pro Jet at the Gretsch site..those are the dimensions of my Pro Jet.
Yes, Karen, I have this case for my double cutaway pro jet. It is a great case and guitar
No, but it is padded.
Hi, got this bag...was super happy, quality is great but unfortunately my daughters guitar did not fit in it! I had to return it. Too bad, great bag.
Yes, the Jumbo will fit into that size bag.
It can swing over shoulder
No, but you might be able to use a very small lock on the zipper pulls.
That depends on the airline. I did a gig in Vegas last year and they let me put it in the coat closet, when I played in Austin at SXSW, they made me check it. But I checked it at the gate with all the baby strollers. So it doesn't have to go through the airport luggage system. It's a great case and the reason I got it was because I knew that if I had to check the guitar, it would be safe.
I believe so. I have a limited edition and a gothic series and they both fit perfectly.
I used it to fit a PRS Singlecut which I think is actually less LP shaped than the Charvel model is. The case gives a lot of room for the horn by the heel to fit so the width of the body is what you need to be concerned with. I think it will probably work.
No, I don't believe so. It is specifically cut for a right or left handed Les Paul. It would not fit a right handed double cutaway Les Paul Tak Matsumoto model.
It's molded to fit the single cutaway les paul
I don't believe so, as the interior is molded to the les paul shape. I don't understand why the strat version is more expensive, since they both look the same as far as case size. It is an awesome case to travel with. The airport folks always think that it's a rifle, lol, so they always hand deliver it when I'm picking up my bags. Very worth the money.
It fits Les Paul guitars perfectly. I will buy another eventually. It gets checked with oversize luggage and has TSA locks. It is waterproof. I'm very happy with it.
I would trust this case for travel. well built and sturdy
I've taken this on a plane several times and my jaguar survived each trip.
This case is only meant for a guitar that is, or shaped like, a Fender Jaguar or Jazzmaster. Basses need not apply.
Sorry, Alex, I just don't know, but I VERY much doubt it would. IF the "horns" (i.e.) the upper and lower bouts are the same,...,maybe.
No idea, not familiar with that brand. If the dimensions of the body and neck are the same or very close then it would probably fit.
the maximum length of guitar this case can hold is 42" measured from the inside. and 23.5" from where the neck is joined to the body of the guitar. From what I know of baritone guitars, the neck length is probably too long.
My best guess is 'no'. The Jaguar bass, even at 30" scale is short, but can't be shorter than my Jazzmaster @ 25.5". I suggest you look elsewhere.
The Fender Tornado has a shape that is sort of like the Jaguar's; I bought his case for my Jaguar and it fits very well. The problem with these guitars is that you need to find a case that is not for a "conventional" guitar (Les Paul type, or hollow bodies). This one is just fine for these "unconventional guitar shaped" because it is ample square, so you'll have plenty of room for it on the sides while holding it securely (it won't bounce in it). Its been a great case for my Jaguar! Hope it helps!
It might be to big, it fits a standard jaguar perfect and the jag-stang is more mustang sized. I would look for a fender case
I believe this case comes with 2 keys. If not, 1 key. Additional keys can be copied and made at your local hardware store that can copy keys.
No,It's not the 'AI' Version
You can separately purchase a flight case for the PreSonus 24, 32, or 16 from Amazon.
No
in order to hook up a monitor to use the studiolive software you need to have a computer hooked up to the 24.4.2 via firewire. We use a mac mini, and the monitor is hooked up to the mac mini.
I don't see a 220 switch on mine. I'd contact the folks at Presonus for the answer. Looking in manual it says up to 240 but must be factory configured for country of origin.
yes
You can contact Presonus directly. Their technical support folks are excellent and happy to help!
Personally, I set it to mono in my DAW. There is a way to combine it to mono by creating your own cable, and I think I may have found one stereo to mono converter online before, but it was fairly expensive. Check out this schematic http://www.cambridge-mt.com/SitePix/Fig2-7aUpdate.jpg
These are self powered. Not passive.
Yeah you can reference mono with Ozone but the avantone is more than just a mono reference. Since it is a single tweeter unlike a standard near field which is usually 2 way consisting of a tweeter and a woofer, the sound is much different. It more or less replicates the sound of a tv, radio, or computer speaker but with a flat freq response unlike those examples which exaggerate certain frequencies to make things sound "better". Although they are full range, they really only help with freq between about 90hz - 15K so you won't be able to hear sub notes or really high end clarity. Many times I've thought the mix sounded good but when I switched to the avantone the vocals sounded too far back or the "mid" bass was barely audible or the hi hats were too up front, etc. For connections, I would recommend using a secondary output from your soundcard instead of a headphone jack. Should be able to connect with a 1/4" cable or an XLR to 1/4" if you get the active ones.
One should be just fine. Having two doesn't have much stereo field, and the Mixcube is more for checking mono compatibility and balance.
It's about 6 1/2 inches all around. It is an essential product for mixing. I use one and I know if I can make a balanced mix with the cube, I'm on the right track.
Yes the keys are weighted to feel like a real piano
Yes. I looked at the AC to DC converter and it says "100-240V, 50-60 Hz". So you'll just need the adapter plug.
Yes.
I like the Mediabridge - Hi-Speed USB 2.0 cable that I bought here: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001MXLD4G/ref=oh_details_o02_s00_i00 It plugs into the piano's mini USB port. On my Windows XP laptop, I had to download an updated MIDI driver before it worked with Piano Marvel, but it works great now. For more details, you can read my review on the cable's product page.
I use Sibelius, Synthesia and other musical software. Work perfectly unless you don't know how to set up. Each program require different set up. And I think that all digital pianos with midi/usb connection should be worked with all software.
It came with an adjustable bench. The quality is good actually
Per Casio's website, "Casio continues the tradition of providing "class compliant" USB connectivity on Celviano digital pianos. This allows Celviano to be used with Mac or Windows computers without the need to download drivers. Class Compliant USB MIDI also allows Celviano digital pianos to be used as a controller for the Apple iPad by using Apple's Camera Connection Kit."
Yes, it can. I have never done this but it is in the instructions. This is a great piano for a beginner or even someone that can't afford a real piano I am a Music Education Major and piano teacher. Now have I found some notes or things I do not like, yes, certainly it is not as good as three times as much money but neither is it so bad that I can' t use it for what I wish to do. What I do not like is that I am having some vision problems which will be corrected someday by operation not bad enough yet. And the stuff written above the keys are so faint to me and small I cannot fully see it so I have lite it well and marked it with masking tape the sections I use the most while playing no problem for anyone else. Any way for the portable mostly piano sound I want it is a wonderful price point. But if you are a pro and expecting more of it than what it is you will be unhappy. I am not. I use it with beginning students and they are happy and parents are too. I would prefer a grand piano but no room and certainly no money for such even a used one. It will do what you are seeking but I have never tried it. Have fun with it.
i bought this piano for the exactly same reason as you did, and it served my purposes well. They keys are digitally weighted, like you play on an acoustic piano. well, the sound won't be as beautiful as an acoustic, as the wooden sound board and all those, you know. but it definitely gives you what you need. this is not a keyboard, not gonna give you those fancy beats, it's more like a piano. Also, what i like about digital piano is that you can play during the night with your headphones on, no need to worry about bothering neighbors. This was a huge plus for me, especially when i lived in an apartment. the piano also comes with a sheet music book with those classics, with the pre-recorded play in the piano. you may find the song you're practicing actually have a pro-version in there, which helps too. go enjoy.
54" long (keyboard 88 keys) 32" high 17" width
yes, it can split to half with same notes. Make it clear, you can set the piano with half and half so you can teach your kids side by side.
This question must be answered by Casio, I think!
I have the paperwork packed away, but from their website, "One Year Manufacturer Warranty. Covers Manufacturer Defects Only. Any physical damage to product is not covered under Warranty."
Works very well, very solid pedal, I downloaded eftp patches from Charlie Hall, worked great enjoy
I have a Boss md2 and it works fine in front, but I'd never use them together. The zoom distortions are pretty versatile so I'd be surprised if you couldn't at least get really close to another pedal's effect.
Yes with a set of headphones you can use it as a practice amp with 50 different amp emulators or make your own sound and save it. It also has programmable presets for many effects. I have not used it much with my amp as a multi effects peddle but what I have it sounded good.
yes
Hi, I don't have a g1n to compare but has a better display, usb interface and in youtube i saw some improvements and features. Compared with g3 I don't see a quality or feature difference, is smaller and cheaper son that's why i decided for this one. Hope it helps!
I was not impressed with the effects, if you like a lot of distortion, and noise you get it with this, I downloaded the tones I wanted so that heiped, but it can be changed if you have the patiece, well built unit
yes. It does have reverb, chorus and flanger effect. The spring reverb would be nice for Ukulele. Good luck.
I have used it with audacity without a problem. The input can be a little low and you have to decrease the volume of any backing track you play with it.
This unit has a multi purpose output which accomodates headphones and stereo 1/4" phone outputs.
Only one effect at a time (if you don't include the drum thing as an effect). Effects can be manipulated using the knobs. Two different pedals can be used (but not together, just one, or the other) The ZOOM expression pedal, or the "on-off" pedal )for the drum thing). I'm sure there are better pedals (there are so many now, impossible to keep track), but the effects do sound great, and as recording interface, it works as advertised. Dig it.
bass, treble, volume
Yes, it has provision for a 3.5mm connector (standard headphone connector on smart phones or mp3 devices). Or, you can insert a SD memory card in the available slot and play directly from it.
I have been amazed at how long the battery actually lasts. I use mine for Children's Church once a week on Sundays. I can go over a month before I have to charge it again.
No , it does not come with a cordless mike.
It will play MP3s on board, but you need a separate unit for tapes and CDs.
It is portable on grass. The volume carries pretty well. I used it for an outdoor wedding and it worked for that.
I was able to plug in a wireless Mic box that allowed four wireless mics to be used. The newer version of this comes with a wireless Mic system built in.
Yes but you'll need adaptors
Yes
No
I am not good at finger picking, but my instructor tried it and was impressed. I can tell with the slightly larger string spacing, you will get a cleaner sound fingerpicking. Again, the tone from this cedar-mahogany combination is warm and beautiful.
Yes
It sounds warm&#65292;pure. Playability is great.
I use Martin SP Phosphor Bronze extra light and light. Can't go wrong with Martin strings.
Yes. Every new guitar should undergo a professional set up. It makes a world of difference in playing it.
I believe Seagull does have such warrantys. Get the TRIC case made for Seagull dreadnaught sizes; a little pricy but they are durable, light weight, and easy to carry.
Solid cedar top and solid mahogany sides and back. My Artist Mosaic sounds great in small settings (use a very thin pick) but it will hold its own in a small performance studio. Overall just a beautiful sound.
Yes, it will.
no.
Nothing comes with a printed manual anymore and if it did it would be 5 pages in 5 languages. No, no printed manual.
No, it's just the software. It is a really great product.
Mine came in a (rather large) box with an envelope inside containing my "registration card" and a CD. The version on disk was outdated however, so I registered w/ IKMultimedia and downloaded the latest version.
It includes all of the gear from the Jimi hendrix collection except the JH Gold, JH 1200,and Silver Twelve amps, and the ep tape echo.
You need an audio interface. If you get a USB interface there will be a cable supplied that goes from the interface to the computer. If you want to use a guitar then of course you need a regular guitar cable to go to the interface.
Yes sir it is.
Yes
No, the screw is a lot bigger, but you can buy tripod connectter to make it work. http://www.amazon.com/CM01-Camera-Digital-Recorder-Adapter/dp/B001GWCC4I/ref=sr_du_2_map?ie=UTF8&qid=1418577115&sr=8-2
No, it cannot be taken apart.
Don't see why not. Beta 58 is still a standard mic size.
Yes
This microphone stand goes down to 25 inches, with feet extended to where the boom arm is attached. The boom arm does drop up and down, so if you had to go lower than 25 inches than the boom arm could drop. If the boom arm is folded against the main shaft and the feet are not extended, then it folds up it to about 29 inches.
Yes, the arm is adjustable. It can slide "in and out", so to speak, and pivot up and down. And the whole stand collapses...the three legs fold straight, the main stand slides down, and the boom arm folds down. I like the stand for the money.
sure but grab a back up mic holder. They tend to break easily. This stand is super compact so you can bag a bunch of 'em and still have space for other gear. The fittings tend to vibrate loose more than others so tighten them up really well.
Truthfully, I'd get a pro line mic stand and extension for a heavy mic. I bought this to try it out on a lightweight wireless. Works fine for that application. The internal mast tends to fall from lack of grip at the threading. Every tool has it's purpose.
Yes it does. However the Yeti is a heavy mic and this stand broke after 6 months. I would recommend spending a few more dollars for a better stand.
Please contact our Tech Support at 866-524-8676, x309.
4 INCHES
About 3 t o 4 inches works ok
Yes. We have two speakers and use them all the time with one set of mics.
NO
I never got this far with this particular system. When we plugged it in, it burned up and I had to return it. Very cheaply made.
I would say yes
It has a 1/4" Line Out Jack that can be connected to recording equipment.
I don't know about that the system is very loud on its own
the speaker itself is about 2 feet tall no more than a foot deep
Not to my knowledge. Sorry mate
Should be compatible with any recording software but Ifind I could I would've got the Behringer UM2 Audio Interface look it up this one for sure works with asio
I don't need audio drivers. I use Windows 8.
Nope.
No
Although the Pyle-Pro-PAD10MXU-Channel-Mixer is an excellent piece of equipment it's not designed to do what you are wanting to do. You will be able to transfer music to your computer but it will be very difficult to enhance the quality.
If you want to use it without a computer or USB capable device
Nope! You're good to go!
48v. More than enough.
It doesn't have a hi-Z input, so I don't think you'll like the results without an external amp simulator.
Mine was on disc and it had some sound software with it too.
I havent used it without the computer so im not sure if it works independently but I know there is a battery port. What number of keys are you thinking about getting? I had a 49 and it definitely was portable on the road but on a plane im not sure depending on what size keys you get. the smaller one is def. A good size. The keys are for sure fun to play with and has great feedback when you play. I would recommend this midi keyboard for the price
You can not, the usb has to be connected to a computer.
Absolutely not! Not on mine, at least. It's keys are extremely easy to press and use, and feel much like a Hammond Organ (if you've ever felt one of those) haha!
Works great with garageband, not sure about iPad...
It is a midi controller so it will work fine with any DAW, but I do not own an Ipad so I wouldn't know the answer to that. Try googling it. As far as the playability goes, it is alright. Good for its price. it is not good for playing piano at all because the way it registers the velocity readings are very low so the result is it sounds like you are barely pressing the keys, but it works great for synth playing. The springs under the keys respond and feel very good, and as I'm sure you probably know, there are plenty of knobs and buttons for plenty of midi learn functions. The only downside is the way it reads velocity.
No I had to buy one seperate
I would expect you could connect the Pyle mic to a PC. The mic has an unbalanced 2 conductor 1/4"plug. You will need a converter plug or cable to a 1/8" plug to go into the computer. The computer may be 2 channel in stereo, but the mic is mono, so you may have to work around that issue too.
You have to push a button on the mic base to speak. A red ring at the mic head and a green LED in the base switch light up to indicate the unit is on. These are wireless mics, so there is a delay to talk after you push the button.
You need a speaker sold separately. To ensure compatibility with the PDWM8300 I recommend you contact Pyle directly. They will sell you a speaker or speakers.
You do need to speak directly into the mic, one between speakers will not get the job done. That said with the long goose neck arm we have been able to set a mic in between two speakers and as long as they bring the mic toward themselves it's fine. Hope this helps
These are only microphones. You will need a mic mixer and and audio amplifier connected between this unit and your speakers.
You should not need anything else. It is a very simple system. We have 2 sets for our meetings-Each MIC is on a particular channel. When you have 2 systems plugged in at the same time and using 2 MICS that are both on the same channel, you may get feedback or the MIC may not work at all. When I set up the MICs for our meetings I make sure that all the mics are on a different channel...I hope this helps!
I've never used any converter on interface for extended mics.
This answer comes way late, but it might help somebody else with the same question. What you'll probably end up with is a form of cross-phasing or interference. You have two transmitters fighting over the same receiver. Here's my analogy: Let's say you're driving in your car listening to the radio. As you start to go out of range of the radio station you were listening to, you start picking up signals of a new station that is on or very near the same frequency. Your radio (the receiver) can only receive one station (transmitter, or, in this case, a microphone) at a time and so you end up with signal from each station popping in and out with a lot of static in between. That's most likely what you'll end up with if you use two microphones on the same frequency. I hope this helped.
That would depend on what size area you were trying to cover. But any quality speaker should do well with them.
It uses 9 volt batteries. Would be better to use high end batteries for good performance. You have the option of using rechargable or regular batteries. We use rechargable, in our church and they work great.
If I recall yes there was a warranty. To be honest I can't remember what it was. We were very pleased with the microphone set and for the price it was a great deal. We use it at the senior center for our concerts where we have many soloists. You have to understand that at this price they are really throw-away mikes but we have had no problem with them at all.
There is a chance they could use batteries. And when it comes to performance you should use new batteries per every use to guarantee optimal performance and avoid the chance of embarrassment. Read the return policy that require return in the original packaging and management descretion for allowing returns.
Wall it dos not work good mica I do not like the mic
The connector won't work for that. This mic has a cone toe that fits into wireless mic belt packs for Sure brand Audio systems.
It does not come with a protective case. The mic is about 6.5-7" long; measured from behind the ear to the tip of the mic. It's a bargain. Really.
It will work with the BLX4 Receivers as long as your using the BLX1 body pack.
It is a quality issue. I only use mine for voice and it seems fine for that though the sound board folks had to do some work to dial it in correctly. The biggest difference to me is that I've never been able to get it to fit solidly and comfortably. The boom is much thinner and so wobbles a lot and the earpiece just doesn't bend into shape as easily. Still satisfied with the purchase given the price difference but you really do get what you pay for.
Guessing 6 feet long, it wrap around the body with a person 6 feet tall.
No
This headset has a 4 pin mini xlr connector. It also requires phantom power which is provided by the belt pack. I don't think the Zoom has that type of connector for the external input.
Unfortunately, no.
No, this is just the microphone. You have to buy a base unit and a battery pack, to plug into a speaker and to connect to the mic.
Yes
It seems to sit better by holding it's place when moving around. Comfort is hard to answer as it is subjective. My 9 year old daughter can dance around with this and it seems to stay on.
Yes
You should find it perfect. I use it for Dragon Dictate with better recognition than any other mike before.
No, I use it for my Windows computer. It's just the same as a normal desktop microphone for a computer.
I have no idea, it's a mike with jack as seen, yet if you are asking if it needs preamping ... apparently not if your amp already equipped; doesn't seem to require phantom power.
It is straight plug and play.
Sorry I have no idea.
I don't know at this point.
as long as it has the plug in jack it should work, however just know that this mic picks up EVERY single noise there is and the wind guard will not stay on. I was not happy with mine at all.
I could not get mine to work at all.
Assuming the question is whether the mic will work with an Audio-Technica body pack transmitter, the answer is no. This mic is wired for a Shure body pack. Audio-Technica and Shure both use 4-pin connectors; however, they are wired differently. The pin-out functions do not match. Audio-Technica: 1=ground; 2=line input; 3=mic input; 4=bias. Shure: 1=ground; 2=bias; 3=audio input; 4=ground through load. I do not believe that Pyle offers this mic with an Audio-Technica-wired connector.
52"
We currently don't have 36 mics. If you buy 4-up the price per would be $1615. The shipping/ estimated arrival days will be shown at check out.
Yes, it will fit.
Hello, if EV body pack has XLR connector I would say yes, it should work. I have buyed for MiPro MT103 and ACT707T and it worked out.
No it does not have the microdot detachable cable. It has the Mini XLR as stated in the product description.
It appears on the parts express website we are showing the item being white. I will pull the item on Monday morning to confirm the color and contact you back as soon as I have them in hand.
Completely useless for me never worked on M209C transmitter with three prongs.. It says it will work on any three prongs tranmitter Sorry
not unless your body pack will accept a 4 pin mini xlr male plug
This EXACT model does NOT have a 1/4 inch plug. You'd want to buy the "Pyle-Pro PMHM2 Omni-directional Head Worn Microphone (3.5mm / 1/4'')" - which DOES have the 1/4 inch plug.
No additional power is needed. Just plug it in any 3.5mm transmitter and it won't let you down. It's clear, comfortable. I know it comes with an additional plug but I didn't need it.
Not directly... You'll need an adaptor with an on/off switch on the cord... Cord is only about 3 ft long
Don't know for sure but should be able to run right to board. It is only a mic and needs nothing extra to power it.
It works as well as can be expected for the low price... might work better with a larger sound system, but I haven't tried that yet.
Never tried it with a laptop... I used it for narrating tours... So cheap wouldn't hurt to try!
the only thing that's removable is the mic adapter plug. But : I could see how you could easely hide the ear loop inside a shirt. The mic is a great value for the price.
It has a standard 1/8" jack with 1/4" adapter. It should fit any 1/8" or 1/4".
We use the Mike with a wireless transmitter and receiver with the receive plugged directly into the amp/speakers.
This is ONLY the microphone. Short cord, about 18-24". Needs a wireless mic transmitter. Direct plugging is not an option.
If you need 1/8" plug in, it should work. If you need one of the other connectors on the Samson you are out of luck.
Yes
No, it will not! I bought this mount for my yeti and it is FAR too small.
Pretty sure it will !
It fits my Baby Bottle perfectly. Great shock mount.
This mount is a satin silver finish. It would go with anything.
Don't think there would be a problem but can't guarantee it. Mine looks like it would fit multiple condenser mics even.
Yes, this will fit any blue spark microphone!
It fits, but barely fits my Behringer C-3 Dual-Diaphragm Studio Condenser Microphone http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000KUA8EI/ref=wms_ohs_product?ie=UTF8&psc=1 ... I don't know how big the Yeti is.
I'm nut sure, But I don't think so.
Hi, I didn't purchase this mount for the MXL, so I really don't know if it would fit it or not... I'll measure it tomorrow and send you the stats if that would help? Dave
Absolutely.
Yes.
Yes it will fit the mk5
This headshell is a universal type headshell which is the type of headshell the SL-2000 requires.
This product manufacturer can not be guaranteed because different.
Not in mine. From what I remember those came with the cartridge. They act more as weights than spacers.
Thank you for the question. It is not a shipment from the factory, but you sent from Japan. Best regards.
The wires are already attached to the headshell.
This will fit on the SL-1700 and the SL-1700 MKII. This will fit on any turntable with the locking collar style of connector on the end of the tonearm. This is an industry standard connection. For what it's worth, "MK1/Mark 2" applies to the first in the series, but isn't typically designated as such as the designer wouldn't usually know from the onset whether a "MK2/Mark 2" would make it to market. Therefore, Mark 1 is simply implied on the original model's designation. The Mark 1 designation may occasionally be seen in historical references, for sake of clarity, where the Mark 2 unit was a wildly popular success in comparison to an underproduced original model, in order to designate that the model being referenced was in fact the lesser-known original unit. In this case, both the SL-1700 and the SL-1700 MK2 were quite popular (along with their SL stablemates) and thus you'd be hard-pressed to find a Mark 1 designation applied in reference to any of the SL models.
This Technics headshell is a universal type headshell. The Pioneer PLX-1000 uses a universal type headshell. It should work on the Pioneer PLX-1000.
It will work great, but if your neighbors are to close they will complain. I sometimes turn it on in my garage and it shakes the whole house.
1000 listed at 1200 trust me things hit very hard, awesome bass
I don't know I only have one. I use it in a hall for 200 people and it sounds good. Any larger or more people I would use 2 of them.
More than u need
It's never good to clip a subwoofer but it does have protection. I've clipped it a few times on accident. The red light comes on and the speaker basically cuts power to protect it.
These subs hit hard and I only have the volume turned up maybe a quarter of maximum. I rarely use the boost function and I keep the frequency at about 55Hz. The limiter has never come on and I've pushed them for the longest 7 hours. The bass is so heavy that I don't have to turn the sub up too far because it will drown out my main speakers. It's a quality sub that I highly recommend.
No, use 100- 120 v 50/60 htz
Yes. The speakers can be mounted to either mic stands or traditional speaker stands. The adapter is included.
A little under 50 pounds; about 21 kg. My wife can't carry it, but she's petite. I can carry it with ease, but I'm hefty. The large handle makes it easier to carry. Hope this helps..
No, you cannot add a monitor. the inputs are only audio.
No you can not. Single effects unless you use an extra device.
It breaks down into three pieces which are easy to move. It is designed to hook together for storage and transport. Perhaps a collapsible luggage cart might make it easier to cart around longer distances.
Yes. There are four regular channels and a fifth channel with mini-stereo hookup for a small device like an IPod. All five channels could be used at the same time.
You will need the headphone adapter thing with red and white male to connect to laptop phone etc. I think you can't add on to the system.
Haven't done so but can see no reason why you wouldn't be able to.
Yes it can. We have two wireless mics we use with it and it works great!
I believe the weight is around 40-45 pounds. It does not have wheels but it is very easy to carry with the handle . Or you can use a hand dolly to roll it if necessary . This is a great little system.
I use mine indoors all the time for large parties, karaoke, ipod and for band practice. They sound remarkably good even at lowish volumes, but they are designed for and sound best at moderate to loud volumes due to the size of the woofer. Mine are attached to a passive mixer board, because these have their own built in amps. They can be used outside, if they are kept dry. You could fill a small to moderate sized backyard with the sound these produce before distorting . Mount them on speaker poles if using outside, for better sound projection.
neo 815 is a great system. It rivals systems at twice the price. lite weight and easy to handle as well. easy to mix with and extreme spl for smaller venues . by comparison the b series is nice but not the strongest in the line up. the neo will compare to QSC K series but with stronger bass. hope that helps
Yes, they should provide plenty of power indoors. Even outdoors, they can provide decent power. Adding a subwoofer is recommended. However, I find my Behringer to be a bit muddy, if you haven't bought them yet, JBLs are better.
You can use diferents cords, for me the best is XLR to TRS. If you have bouth B815NEO the Cord have to bouth XLR and one TRS like a Y.
No sir, it works perfectly fine... But when you say "amp" you are not speaking about power line, are you? If you send a power line from an amp mixer to the speaker you can blow it... You must be sure there is no power in the line you send to the speakers ...
It is made for daisy chain linking with another.
The B815NEO is rated at 8 ohms.
Not sure what you mean. Please clarify.
The NEO has 1200 watts while the 615d has 1500 watts. I have the NEO with my Roland electronic drums. So I can really push it to the limit. The level control is bit below max. That is only because I like the noise gate to tighten up the on/off dynamic of the drums. Any noise is from the Roland brain preamp and not the NEO.The EQ is mid way. It could go slightly louder. I use two of them. I would believe the 1500 watt is louder without the built in noise gate than the 1200 watter. 200 watts louder would be slightly noticeable.
New.
The height of the PA is a little over 12inches. So I would assume a 7 to 8 u rack space. 1 u being 1.75" and 4 u =7 inches. This is a guess because I don't use the rack ears on mine.
Yes...actual stereo
Unfortunately, there is not.
This mixer is designed to handle 8ohms (Impedance) 4 ohms, need higher wattage output then this mixer can produce. Best to use a separate Amp with higher watts (and switchable from 4-8ohms) plus separate mixer. for the Peavey's
no
No sir
It's been a while since I had it, but I believe it only had commonly used vocal fx. Reverb, delay, chorus, maybe a pitch shift
Unfortunately, no we do not.
Yes. There is stereo 1/4 jacks in the output section on the lower right hand side by the power button for 1/4 input of another amp. It also has RCA output as well to hook up a recording device or RCA in to another amp.
Bridged mode RMS is 1200w and peak is 1600w.
No this can be used as a preamp but it doesn't provide any power to your speakers. Passive speakers require seperate amplification. This takes your signals into different inputs and one output to your speakers. If you have active speakers then you dont required amplification because it's built in.
Yes. There is a stereo out channel for this pupose.
The VMX1000USB is 4 rack spaces tall and the standard 19 inches wide with a depth of 8 3/4 inches. Here are the dimensions (HxWxD): 4 3/16 x 19 x 8 inches ( 107 x 483 x 223mm)
I can tell you that the one of two that we ordered that actually worked was nice. One of the two out of the box was DOA. I has a nice mix of channels and a tin (probably too much) headroom on the dedicated Mic channel
Yes, via RCA cables or different adapters depending on the inputs of your audio receiver.
This product is brand new and believe me I have no regrets purchasing same . And further I will definitely recommend as a great acquisition to anyone I retested in real value at a good price
The jack from the receiver should work just as it would with a normal mike set up.
This product is only useable with led lights that use dmx addressing, I hope this helps.
No if its in sound mode its just gonna be changing to all the colors to sound of the song
No, you are not able to do that.
It can but I would get a bigger one just because of how the dmx works on this one
Yes the Obey 3 will control any 3-channel fixture or fixtures can be set to 3-channel.for Example, the CHAUVET slimpar 56 is a 3-channel or 7-channel fixture.the obey will be able to control the slimpar 56 in 3-channel mode but not when it's set to 7-channel mode. Should you use the obey 3 with a fixture higher than 3 channels it will not work properly.
Hey there. I bought it to hook up to my Chauvet geyser and it didn't work properly. It's a 4 channel geyser I found out after the fact. I doubt it will work for 7 channel.
Its a 2 headset piece. We bought ours 2 years ago. They are still working great, we use them on Sundays in our kids church...i love them...great sound and range...i would buy them again. Highly reccomend this product...very satisfied
We never used the item. Bought as a gift
I use it for line dance instruction and it is secure. I think it would be fine.
A couple things to check. You need an amplifier system of some sort && a 1/4" to 1/8 male male adapter. Fresh batteries are always a must. Turn volume up on both amp and receiver.
I am not happy with the 1 set that I have. Junk!
Yes
It's ready for everything! I transport with it all the time. This case is hefty.
I dont kmow why they`re putting this weight. actually weights about 15 pounds. But repeat I dont kmow why they`re putting this weight.
it weighs 24 lbs. (the weight is actually listed right next to the dimensions on the amazon listing). confirmed at gatorcases.com, too.
I looked in the manufacturer website and it fits for the Korg PA900, anyway you can check yourself at http://www.gatorcases.com/search/manufacturer
I am not sure as haven't flown with it yet, but I think you will be charged
No, because this case is for 66 notes keyboard, and I think that the Roland keyboard Model FP-4F is 88 keys, you can check in this site for measures and models (for gator cases), where yo can find the perfect case model for your keyboard: http://www.gatorcases.com/c/111157/ata-keyboard-cases
The case is huge. It fits the Yamaha P-200 with room to spare. It's a full 88. Inside dimensions of the case (inside the protective foam pad) 59w x 19L and over 6inch depth. It has pads to fill in where there is open or unused space
should fit even the most oversized keyboards. it fit my kronos 88
I use this case to house my Korg Triton Studio which also has 88 keys but is larger than the Yamaha p-255B. There are velcro attachments that come with this case that will make smaller 88-key keyboards fit snug.
It fits with very limited room to spare. But I would say it's perfect. No room for cords or foot pedal, just enough room to get your hand in on one end to lift it out. But I think the snug fit works well, as there is not room for it to slide around at all. I would definitely recommend it. Glad it has wheels! That keyboard combined with the case is very heavy! :)
Well, I am not sure, but this case is enough to put in a Roland RD-700
I looked up the dimensions of this unit and it should fit. According to Amazon's listed dimensions, it is 59.1 x 17.7 x 10 inches. The interior dimensions of the case are 64.5 x 22.2 x 10.2 inches. There will be very little room on the height, but that is how my motif is. Should fit, though.
It should fit just fine. Our 88 key keyboard fits in with room to spare.
Yes. I cover the piano with a soft nylon 88-key keyboard cover; I use magnetic tape to hold the keys in place by pulling a strip of tape across the front of the white keys where they meet the casing of the keyboard (holding the keys in place for travel); I place the music stand on top, with the music "holder" part on top of the keys, facing down. I travel all over the world (I work for Disney and fly the planet) and this case has worn well. The only issue: TSA, customs and the airlines treat hard cases with disdain. I have had to repair the wheels on the bottom of the case using gaffers tape and whatever else I can use. Good luck!
I got it for a Yamaha S90-XS. It is tight but fits fine. Don't know about the P 105? You could compare dimensions of the P105 and the S90-XS to make an educated guess.
There is not specific indented slot for the cleaning rod, but it fits at the back (if laying on side, or the bottom of the case if it is standing up) perfectly. My daughter has hers there and it doesn't roll around or anything.
No. This case has the padding inside that is the shape of the flute, just like a hard case does.
I believe on the C. Bb hardware would not fit in the same way. Sorry.
I have this case, I think the piccolo case would fit. The pocket is pretty roomy.
There is a shoulder strap. It attaches to small metal circles on the sides just behind the zipper (when you're looking from the front).
My banjo was set up almost perfectly from Amazon. All I did was adjust the bridge a bit back and forth +/- 1/2" to get close to intonation and then tweak it by moving the upper or lower part of the bridge so that after about 10 minutes it was perfectly intonated. BTW, it was packed very well from the factory/Amazon. I was very happy with my first decent banjo and probably could owned it for a lifetime, but as it is: so many banjos; so little time!
I did not buy this from amazon. I do not believe amazon will give you a case. you might be able to deal with a musical dealer for a case.
I got mine on eBay from "Cleveland pawn" for $675 and it was shipped in the nice new "Guardian" banjo case, not the high quality expensive case, but not a junk neither.
If CD u burned is in mp3, reburn to wav on CD, if ur CD player doent play mp3, u need to burn as wav like other CD music CD's, make shure ur CD player can play CD-r's, older CD players don't reconize CD-r
Yes
I think that is according to the quality of your tapes and tape player. I was able to use the program to easily remove other noises and make a good sounding digital recording of kids story tapes. I have been pleased with the quality.
Yes
I am not aware of any file size limit. I have converted many LP's but I have only done one at a time
I was able to transfer about 28 minutes and split it into 8 songs without any problem.
The Inport Hotwire box contains: manual; installer disc;a cable with small headphone jack to usb with Inport Hotwire device mid-cable; an adapter to change small headphone plug to 1/4 in plug; cable with RCA plugs to small headphone plug; a small cable with with RCA plugs to small headphone jack. There are are several versions of this. All will not be the same, however all wll work the same. The registration key, in my case, is on the paper cover for the install disc. Mine has worked just fine, other than the fact that I can't separate the tracks that I have transferred to my PC from a vinyl. I get the whole disc, it's just identified as single entry. I suggest you check out the reviews on Amazon.
Yes
The program has not been initiated or you have a bad unit.
No. On the back of the box, it says 'works with Windows XP, Windpows Vista, Windows 7'
Without a guitar case, this normally has a shipping weight of about 10 pounds. Dimensional weight for shipping cost will be more than that due to the large size of the box. I'll be happy to help with any other questions. Thanks, Guy
yes it does
I don't know. You might want to check with a professional at a guitar shop to ask their opinion.
Only the guitar, had to buy a case separately
Bob, I tend to agree that tortoise would give the guitar a more vintage look. Just remember to dry fit the guard before sticking it down. It may be tough to line it up around the rosette of this model.
It's both 110v. and 220v. simultaniously. This means it can be used in USA, Canada and Europe without any volt converter or anything. Hope this helps.
Yes it can be use in replacement of that
I am using it for vocal sound delay. It's giving my what I want but it not very easy to use first time . For guitar effects I don't know.
No its not possible - you cant split the channels, wish it was possible as well!
Yes
Useless useless unit. I returned this unit ASAP. I tried to hook this unit up all possible ways to my peavey mixer and was never able to get a clean sound out of it. I believe this unit only works with Behringer Equipment. I had to pay shipping plus restocking fee.
Sorry, but I returned that product after a fews days of trial due to poor sound quality. I don't buy behringer products anymore.
Hey Adrian I am using the Ground Control by voodoo labs which also gives you 2 expression pedals to control the extra parameters in each effect but that's an expensive solution. A cheaper way to go is with the Behringer footswitch, it has plenty of options and expression pedals as well and its pretty flexible, dont remember the model name right now but its the one that looks like a pedalboard FCB something I think. You definitely need a midi controller. If you have other pedals then u may consider the voodoo labs since its the most flexible pedal I have found. Again, for cheaper solution the behringer footswitch is the way to go.
The violin that we purchased came equipped with strings already installed. Most of them snapped upon first tuning. We are experience with violins, so this means the strings are of poor quality. Do your self a favor and order a set of better quality strings in addition to the violin. Would suggest Daddario prelude steel strings ($15?). They are USA made, and will work well on an electric violin. All the best!
Comes with it
They will be tensioned but not tuned. I found this to be an excellent practice instrument that needs minimal setup. Every violin needs to be tuned every time it is played, no exceptions.
Yes, actually. It's very similar to an electric guitar, where you can still play without an amp, but it's just really quiet. You can't really perform on one without something, but you can still play without one.
Not that I can see. The back of the instrument has 3 jacks--Line out, Mic, and Phone. I'm thinking its battery powered only.
It's not silent. But, it's pretty quiet, especially if you bow it lightly. You can also use headphones with it. It is definitely much quieter than a regular violin.
It should work fine
Yes you have complete control over the volume.
I am a beginner also. I would suggest going to YouTube and check out a video by fiddlerman. He reviews the black version of this violin. He gave a favorable review. What he plays in the video sounds good. Alot better than my playing. You will probably want to get higher quality strings. Hope this helps.
Nothing was done wrong sir. It will still produce sound just not a full crisp, sound that an acoustic violin would make. It's along the same lines as an electric guitar still makings tones without an amp.
Honestly, I don't think there is any significant difference outside of weighing a little less. However, the cut-out allows space in the case to store a shoulder rest.
The strings come attached. In fact, as soon as my violin came in, I took it to my local music store (who strung my acoustic violin) to have him check it out to see if the violin and strings are of good quality. He thought is was decent quality. I couldn't be happier with it, especially for the price. When you first get it, you will have to re-tune the strings every 10 minutes or so while you are playing, but after about a week of re-tuning (and it does need tuning less frequently with time) you are good to go. It doesn't hold a tune as well as my acoustic...I tune it before I begin playing usually, but it does hold well and the sound is fantastic. You can play it through an amp or into headphones and I think the sound quality is awesome. Hope this helps. :)
I dont know, its a lottle heavier than a regular violin, its a solid body construction, but it sounds so good that you dont even need it plugged in or powered on to have a good rich sound
Unless you will be in the same room as another person then no. Even when I played it in the same room as someone else they barely heard it.
It is only slightly heavier than an acoustic. Just remember that it is electric, and it is cheap! For what it is I got plenty of use out of mine. You can turn up amp effects and rock the house or like me, I practice in hotel rooms without disturbing vermin.
Don't waste your money is stopped working after a week!
I had the same problem with mine when I first got it. The pick up was defective. I notified Amazon, and they arranged for a new pick up to be sent.
Yes, you can plug it into a speaker. I plugged mine into my alarm clock. Works just fine!
Yes and it comes with an inexpensive pair.
I'm no expert but I doubt it. The placement of the bridge is very exact on the surface because it has a small riser (for lack of a better term) that will not allow for anything wider, thicker or placed toward the front or back. (not that I'm sure a viola has a different width bridge) This can be re-strung like any other violin as it has all the same parts otherwise but I don't think just putting viola strings on it will create the desired result. If you already have a Viola I recommend you simply "electrify it" with one of these: http://www.amazon.com/Barcus-Berry-3100-Clamp-On-Bridge/dp/B000K9JPB6
The pegs are a tapered friction fit. When you adjust them you push IN and twist. If that doesn't work there are good youtube videos that give some good tips and "fixes".
Auxilary Jack
Yes, you can plug it into an amp. It comes with a cord. I play mine through my amp all the time.
It depends on how you want to play this violin. If you want to play it for others to hear (and sound like a normal violin), then you'll need an amp. Without the amp, the violin makes a very soft sound when played; enough for you to hear it but not really anybody else. I purchased this violin for that reason (to practice without everyone in the household hearing it). In this way, you can play the violin without an amp (but others won't be able to hear you). Lastly, you can finagle the violin to plug in headphones and listen to yourself play through the headphones; so with your headphones in it sounds like a regular violin to you, but everyone else around you will hear little to nothing at all - this form of playing does not require an amp.
You need the battery to use the headphones, but an alkaline battery will last a long time, provided you remember to power off, when you are not using the instrument.
You certainly can. The plastic body extends along the edge of what would have been the lower bout of the violin allowing any shoulder rest to be used that would work on a normal violin. I personally like Kun, but the style of rest will depend a lot on how high off the shoulder you want it and several brands make a similar style.
You can play it without plugging it in for practice, but you will not get the same sound as an acoustic. It is a good violin, though...especially for the money.
Mine slid in with a tight fit. Large connector on the left.
You either want to use an audio interface(preferred method) which has mic/line inputs. The cable has 1/8in to 1/4in jack 1/8 goes to violin & 1/4 to audio interface. Google audio interface, cheap ones start around $100..,or can get an 1/8in to 1/8in cable at radio shack or best buy and plug into mic input on computer. Not usually as good, will likely have noise issues, more feedback problems and latency(delay in signal)
No. It has a headphone jack and takes a battery.
Yes. Plus, it has headphone socket, so it's good for 14 year old boy's parents too!
I don't see why it wouldn't be. I'm 34 and have fun with it. =)
Yes. OK for a youngster. I'm a 60+ yo drummer and I took it to some little jams as a novelty. Get the bass pedal add-on, makes an Improvement.
Yes. A few.
Not sure what you mean - in the parties. I bought this for a 7 year old & he wasn't near old enough for it. Maybe when he's a teenager. Has good sound.
Yes, I believe so, their smallest Snare Drum Stand. I bought a no-name brand, lightweight Snare Stand and it is perfect.
It's only 110 I think. If we are talking about the same thing. It plugs into a standard wall socket. And it came with a set of drum sticks.
Yes, there is a jack for headphones. There are four jacks in the back: Pedal, AUX IN, Phones/Output and 12V.
I don't think they do price adjustments but you maybe could order it at the current price and return the more expensive one? I suggest contacting customer service first.
It does not come with a pedal but the owner's manual recommends the FC4 or FC5 from Yamaha. I bought the FC4 for about $20 and it works great. It is called a Yamaha FC4 Piano Style Keyboard Sustain Pedal but the description will say it works with drum kits. My did come with a power supply.
They are essentially the same keyboard. The DGX is marketed to beginners and the YPG to more advanced pianists, but as far as I can tell there are the same instrument. I bought a YPG235 for my teenage daughter and after playing it briefly can tell you that it is a very nice, affordable device. I am a big Yamaha fan and this keyboard was in line with my high expectations.
It has good internal speakers. The headphones are cheap and don't last long.
If I'm understanding correctly, it has 489 voices, from the grand piano to start with, up to a variety of percussion. In between are all musical instruments, strings, variety or organ and piano styles, plus some non musical voices such as footsteps, fireworks, etc. More options than I could ever use. Sounds are right on according to my ear!
My wife says yes they are full size keys. She loves it.
Yes, somewhat you can tell when playing piano and forte. However, this models volume at its loudest is okay for practice play but, if used in an actual venue external speakers will be necessary. On a scale of 1-10 the volume is probably about a 6.5
This is a very good beginner's keyboard. I'm a beginner and am quite satisfied with its features and performance. It has a large library of synthesized effects that are easy to access, as well as a tone-bending lever. It does not have a sustain pedal, which is probably a necessity and I purchased separately. The instruction manual is comprehensive, but covers the instrument's features only and is not particularly useful as a guide to learning to play. I purchased Suzuki keyboard books, and am currently working on organizing my learning using these and some downloaded instruction materials. Two final points only: (1) the kit includes a connecting cable and software for a computer interface; this will probably be quite useful but is way beyond what I can use at this time; (2) the kit also includes headphones, which are also quite useful but are almost always going to be wasted value, since it's inconceivable that someone purchasing this instrument won't already have their own headphones.
You can buy a pedal separately and it connects to the keyboard via the "sustain" receptacle on the back of the keyboard. It works well
No you cannot. The only ports in the back of the keyboard are a sustain pedal, a MIDI USB cable, and headphones.
The 76-key piano is perfect for beginners. This model comes highly recommended by music teachers and music stores alike. My son has had this for about 3 months now and is doing great learning how to master this keyboard.
The keys are not weighted, but they give some resistance to replicate that feel.
It's easy. On the back there is a 1/4" jack for outside audio. You can plug in earphones or send the signal to an external audio amp. I totally love my YPG-235. I am handicapped by stroke -- my left side is non-functioning, so I play the left hand chords with my right hand and save that in the memory. I playback the memory and add the right hand to it -- works great. It's a marvelous piece of good engineering. Dave George
Yes it does come with a music rest, it's very solid and does the job perfect
Unfortunately, no. Only a USB connection.
yes they are shown on the display as you press the keys
The premium pack comes with headphones, a stand, and the power cable for the keyboard. The standard version of the keyboard comes with nothing other than the keyboard itself.
Yes, just like playing a real piano but doesn't have weighted keys.
Unit has only a sustain input. It has no input for volume control.
Keyboard does transmit MIDI information but only to a "host" computer. It will not drive or "talk" to another midi instrument.
Yes, beat is consistent like a metronome - you set the speed. It also has a metronome voice that mimicks that device exactly.
Not including batteries, it weighs 18 lbs. 5oz.
Well there is an adapter inside that makes it fit the smaller diameter stands and the larger ones when you take it out. Unless your stands are not the standard size or there was a defect in manufacturing then it should fit. Post some pics if the stand you are using along with the mic clips and everything. Put it on Dropbox.com if you can't post pics in comments here...
Yes, you need to buy one stand for it. And two more stands for the condenser mics
You need to buy then separately, they are not included.
I use a Tascam US-1800 interface into my laptop, with REAPER recording software.
The top not the sides. They are real good mics. But they require phantom power from your mixing board. Make sure its turned on.
No. These mics are great. Easy clip on and off. Sound great!
You need to purchase 3 pin cables, sold seperately
Never tried for floor tom but I think it should work perfectly. It is a little bit large for that purpose but sound should be nice.
all means do it la bro!!!!
Two different things but in a nutshell you can use pre-amps for ALL mics including condenser mics. You require phantom power for the Condensers only.
Are you running it through a lighting board? We run ours through a lighting board which allows us to control the settings. On its own it is very sensitive. I hope this was helpful.
The CH-06 is not the right stand to use the Vertical bar. You would have needed to buy the CH-01 or CH-02 to do that. There are four predrilled holes with wing nuts on the horizontal bar of the ch-06. I am not sure if that hole patter lines up, you will need to check. Technically the CH-06 is not made for clamps, it is a light weight stand that uses the predrilled holes to mount four light weight fixtures. You will have to experiment to find the right clamp or use zip-ties. A standard c-clamp will not work, it is too big.
Chauvet Obey 40 works well with this fixture.
bright enough
Great product but not recommended for spots.
Yes...it is a cloth bag with Styrofoam for protection
The 4play is what I would call a variable fixed pattern display. This means that with each burst of light, there will be a circular pattern with more or less red, white blue or green dots not a "wash" of light. So yes, you can strobe the 4play pattern but the image reflected will be that of strobing dots not just flashes of light. The 4bar gives more of a strobed "Wash effect." The 4bar and 4play are often sold as a complete DJ lighting package. I own both and agree 100% that with both units, the 4play and 4bar combo, you don't need anything else.
I don't know what is particularly wrong with your left speaker. I can just admit, that the cheep Fostex PM0.4n has no protection against overloading, as for example the expensive Genelec has... Sometime, I wish to play my Fostex PM0.4n louder, but I can't. They start clipping making noticeable clicking sound.
It is equipped with: power amplifier performance (18W 2 maximum output)
No; the captive mains plug needs to be plugged into a standard 120V outlet.
These are sold in pairs
This item is a 3528 Strip, and is falsely listed as a 5050 Tri-Chip Strip. If you need 5050(which are 3x brighter than the 3528), go elsewhere, and save yourself the hassle.
These are SMD LEDs, which are designed for 12.0V-DC. The will, however operate on as little as 9V, up to a maximum of 18V before damaging them. They are DC ONLY! Running on AC current will damage them permanently. Also, 16.4' utilizes roughly 24W of power, and requires 2A output minimum on the power supply. If you are running these from the RV battery bank or the alternator, you will have more than ample power to supply several of these strips nightly. I am running six strips of these lights, one of them 24x7 from a bank of two 100Ah deep-cycle batteries, and the draw per day is only 12% of my total off-charge capacity daily. One strip can be ran for 4-days or more, without recharge! In an average RV setting, 4-6 hours per night, two batteries will supply the several strips for a week without need for recharge.
Yes you can ... I believe there is a cut point every three LEDS. Cut it at that point on both strands and then solder them together with some small wire and you should be good to go. I will be doing exactly that once the weather warms up.
You are probably right. I live in Northern Illinois and the backing that came with it didn't hold it up under bluestone. I purchased an adhesive at Home Depot (I don't remember the name) that worked for multiple materials including PVC ... the guy at Home Depot said that you needed something that worked with PVC given the material of the lighting strips. So far, so good. Proof in the pudding will be if they stay up over this winter.
You only need about 30 watts. 30 watts divided by 12 volts is 2.5 amps of 12 volt DC power.
Width is about 1/4", so you should be fine
I went to my outside light for power
I'm not 100% sure. But if you do I know you would have to do some saudering on the wiring to get it done probably.
No warranty on these. They have worked ok no problems yet.
Hello. To answer your question, no, not necessarily. It depends on your purpose of use for it. I use it to record songs onto my laptop, therefore I do not need an amp for it. I just plug in the micrphone cable to the mic outlet on the laptop. If you are using for other purposes like performing on stage, i would recommend that you use an amp for it. Hope I helped! :)
It's technically a vocal mic, wouldn't recommend for anything else.
It works great with the Ion Block Rocker. The only way to "turn it off" since there's no switch would be to pot down the volume on the Block Rocker or unplug it...
Anywhere you have a amp & speaker. Don't get it wet though.
This would be a great mike for practice as well as recording. For the money, it is very good.
I have only run mine through a Behringer PMP 2000 (Europower 800 Watt PA system). The microphone stays true and clean no matter how loud I get; it's sensitive enough to pick up softer tones when used. What you use it for will dictate what size amp to utilize, because the mic itself won't distort or adulterate what it picks up without external interference. If you run it through an 8 watt amplifier and use it for full force growling or screaming (my version of these vocals anyway), the truth to your efforts won't carry as well as perhaps a 100 Watt. You just have to decide how loud you would like to be and purchase accordingly.
I personally think this microphone is probably a little big for a six or seven year olds hands. There is a decent amount of weight to this microphone. The part that you hold is a little wide also. It could easily be done with two hands but I think one handed would be difficult.
This mic will work similar to a Shure SM 58. It would be better used closer to your mouth than 12 inches. If you need to have it further away from your mouth, I would suggest using a mic like the CAD GXL 2200.
Runs off power from the XLR cable. So the camera, or whatever its plugged into, will be powering the microphone.
It has the proximity effect (the closer you are, the fuller it sounds) but I've been Thoroughly impressed with the mic. Everybody who grabs it thinks its a shure mic until I tell them to read it. Its very sturdy and durable. This coming from a professional musician and a music producer.
It's mono.
it's latching.. once for on, press again for off... very good sound as well.
No.
I doubt it. They don't even sell replacements mikes for their wireless handheld ones that go with their self powered speakers. You could take the mike to radio shack and they might have a replacement switch. It would not have to look just like the original but you might be able to make it fit.
No you have to buy that separately
It has an XLR output
Battery is needed..
I am sure you could purchase a shorter cord. If it is your intention to plug into your computer you would probably need a different cord anyway unless your computer has a 1/4 inch input. The cord that comes with it is a female xlr to 1/4 inch male. We have been very pleased with this mic.
Hi .. this mic is only a mic. In order for you to use it with a phone you need a mixer/pre-amp of some sort with a phone interface. You can use it with Skype on your computer if you use a Blue Microhones Icicle XLR to USB Mic Converter/Mic Preamp - about $40 on Amazon. Then you can use it to talk to your callers and listen to them through your computer speakers. If you have a conference phone with an XLR connector this might work but I'm guessing not. Hope this helps. There is also a package on Amazon with 8 of these mics and a pre-amp that could work with a speaker phone as it has outputs that might match your phone system. Then you put a mic in front of each participant. There are push switches to talk buttons so unused mics can be turned off to eliminate background sounds. Hope this helps a bit. It is a pretty decent mic for the price. Enjoy.
Yes, you can. You need to acquire a 1/4 inch to 1/8 inch adapter. I use this mic to record my voice when I make tutorial videos on my computer.
The microphones transmit to a receiver which has a 1/4 inch phone socket. A chord with a 1/4 inch plug on each end will connect between this receiver to an audio amplifier. You cannot connect this receiver to a RCA type amplifier since the impedance is different, you would need a converter.
sorry i didn't answer any sooner hope this info can help you this is the the info off my adaptor (JVL)ac- adaptor IN:110-240 -50/60 Hz OUT:12V--200mA (- +) Hope this info can help youn : )
Yes ... but I'd use a better branded long lasting or rechargeable 9 volt battery to be on the safe side.
Yes, use RCA plugs out of the karaoke mic unit to the RCA input 'Microphone' jack on your computer.
Never had to charge mine.Sounds like a short in the line?
It appears that it would but we recommend you check the manufacturer webpage for design specifications.
Yes it is good. Every thing is good but some time you want put it near sound. Sorry my first language is not English so I hope my answer is clean. Good luck.
No it requires 9v battery. You can buy the rechargeable type 9v battery and use it
The one output it has is a 1/4 female port that both mics are channeled through
This unit has a single 1/4" output. Your theater system would have to have an input made for a mic.
No they have to be hooked into a mic cord that plugs into an amp. The cord is not included.
yes... but you'll be a lot happier and MUCH better served by investing a FEW $$$$$ in a low-impedance cord. even with this... http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000VJJQUU/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o00_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1 ........you'll still get what you pay for.
Yes, you can go down to your local RadioShack or Best Buy or whatever you have locally and pick up a 1/4" to 3.5 mm adapter for $5-10. I personally did this and it worked quite well.
No it does not require batteries. It connects direct to your mixer via a 1-4inch jack.
Both...but mainly plastic. You get what you pay for.
Yes, actually, surprisingly clear and accurate. I only used it for speaking, though.
I returned it. I don't know. Sorry.
No
I wouldn't suggest it.
Extremely low quality, you have to keep it at your mouth to keep sound even. I use them to give to people I know are not going to return them.
No
I don't have the instructions either, but it's simple to put together. Bolt the 4 bolts to the top, and the larger wing nut type things is what you use to tilt it to the position you want. The large knobs on the stand help adjust the height. Unscrew the top one on the stand and raise it how high you want it the put the pin in the hole and then tighten it back. The lower knob helps with how far apart you want the legs to be. Hope this helps. any more questions just ask.
Hi Raul, I use it to put my wireless mike receiver on and then I put my laptop on top of that. So I would say that I at least have 7.5 lbs. on top. But make sure you have it in the center or it wil tilt. II'm not strong enough to tighten the inhibits on the bottom due to nerve damage in my hand. But I love the quick setup.
Its plastic and it is textured but not nonslip. Its about 1820
Set-up Height From 28'' To 46'' - Dimensions:28''L x 16''W x 5''H. Yes it is very compact. the legs fold and the table top comes off and folds down. I use this to put my cordless mike box on and then set my computer on top of that. I love it.
19-3/4" L x 15-3/4" W
Yes I have. The platform has plenty of room for my projector. The only issue is that there isn't a lip on any of the sides to keep the projector from sliding off in steep angles. I had to fabricate one. Also, the base is a plastic like material not wood. It's plenty sturdy just not as thick as you would think.
Easily. One of the things I frequently use this for is an ad hoc standing desk.
19-3/4" x 15-3/4"
The top only tilts forward to back (it's designed for heavy loads - a ball joint would not be sufficiently strong or stable). HOWEVER, the clamp on the mast for elevating the platform to specific heights allows the mast to rotate, so you can set where you want the tilt axis to face. It is not as simple as a one-joint solution, but the platform can face in any direction without having to move the legs. If you're going to rotate the platform in real time there is a locking pin which keeps the mast from dropping. The bigger issue is the platform has no lip, so I suggest you add one (easy to do) to prevent devices from sliding off.
The one I have is plastic.
23"x16"
Not sure about the 3/8th inch screw mount. The flat part where the laptop sits clamps onto what I'll describe as a T shaped rod. You screw the flat part into the clamps and the clamps slide onto the rod. Not sure if that answers your question.
It is a substitute for a desk. I use it to hold my laptop while programming at job sites. It can be set to comfortable sitting or standing levels. Too big for airlines but OK for keeping in a car.
As I recall, they don't snap on, you slide them over the ends first, before you attach the top. I think that's how I did it.
We bought this sax for our 6th grader, knowing it wasnt a recognized name in instruments. I have had at least 3 music teachers look it over and tell us that we got a great deal. The tone of the instrument is fabulous. it is a great student instrument.
this means before the item is shipped, a technician will play test and check to make sure that all the pads are closing properly, all the keys are working as they should, with no noise, etc.
Comes with 1 reed.
Accessories that are included are: carrying case, mouthpiece, ligature, cap, neck strap, pad saver, microfiber cloth, and one generic reed. All very basic and pictured. Carrying case zipper pull broke and had to replace case within first 3 months; company was nice to sell replacement at cost. Neck strap very basic so upgraded to a more padded version. Also upgraded pad saver to nicer one. My upgrades are all optional as the ones included are fine, just very basic. BEWARE: need to check the screws on the instrument on a regular basis as we've lost a few screws, though it's been over three years before it started happening. This instrument is being used by a student in school band.
I believe I bought this instrument with a warranty, but I didn't have the need to use it, it sounds fantastic; and it was a great investment for the price I paid, highly recommended for your young player. G.
Mine was new. For the new ones absolutely! And what is so nice about the case, though the quality is superb, and protective it is not that bulky case. Over 25 years ago, I bought a sax for my son and it was stolen. I bought this as a graduation present for my granddaughter. When she presented it at her party, that son, now 31 seriously reacted. He became so emotional. Of all the gifts presented at the party, this saxophone stole the show. All the cameras started flashing. And this was a graduate appreciation party - the third generation honoring the older generation. Some put together jazz festivals and were musicians. Everyone loved that sax. It is an elegant masterpiece and a beautiful work of art. I don't know about the refurbished model.
China
Excellent instrument for a beginning student! My daughter started with this instrument as a 7 yr old in 4th grade. She still plays it in 7th grade. The instrument has held up nicely and performs well with her advancing skills. Do check the screws regularly as they do loosen and fall out with normal use.
Hello Jesse, well, iv never tried a Yamaha mouthpiece on this saxo, but yamaha im sure its a great choice ! if you buy that mouthpiece im sure you wont be dissapointed
Sounds like you could have a problem, we have two of them and they don't do that if I am understanding what you are saying.
Speakon
correct. The monitor sends on each channel give you flexibility but there is no onboard amplifier for monitors. It may be possible to use the stereo amp and split L & R with one side dedicated to Mains and the other to monitors. You would need to explore that possibility.
Hi. I would verify the positions of the pots and faders on the selected channels that you have audio going in. Also, do you have output as stereo L-R? I would verify your configuration for the output of the amplifier by looking at that section of the manual. I apologize if you've had it a while and the audio level has dropped....Good luck!
I think so. Didn't take time to check but I think it even comes with mounting brackets.
You have to set it to main and use the speakon connectors.....if they are active then you have to use the quarter connector at the top of the kixer
I never tried that, but it should work. They are line level out and in. Not sure why you'd want to since the sliders mix to the power amp main anyway. I really liked my PMP4000 mixer until things started to blow out. Input channels blew out simply by plugging a mic in. After repair, it worked for a while then other parts blew out. And I was treating it like a baby. Changed to a Yahama unpowered mixer and powered speakers. I still like the operation of the PMP4000 better. You might want to be careful with this mixer.
In the past 8-9 years, I have only used a Behringer for my sound board. It puts out plenty of power, and I use only Bose speakers for the very best sound. I would recommend this without hesitation..
This is a stand alone mixer. It does not interface on it's own. You could route output to via a seperate interface to laptop but it doesn't contain a native interface itself
No
On the top right hand side there 1/4" plugs labeled monitord/ect. you can use for external amps or powered speakers
It's not 1/4 inch. I can't remember the name of the output
It is between 5&6 feet.
I don't have an answer for that, as I made the purchase for our church, but I don't run the sound board. I asked my husband , he does run the board but he said he never noticed because they have not had a need for that. He will check this week and I will respond back.
no it is not...it sits on top of a table of some kind.
8 ohms
If you mean that you don't need any AC Adapter, your answer is yes, just plug to the 110 AC Power Line and it's ready to Rock N Roll.
I don't know why your displays messed up. I have never had this problem. Have you tried unplugging the board to remove any phantom power for a few seconds the plugging it back in?
trs is more powerfull
A few factors are involved with your question... FIRST: You must assure you have the correct ohm impedence speaker cabinets (I believe it is 8 ohm rated) SECOND: You can only connect to Speaker Output B in the Bridged mode (I do not know what will occur electronically but, I'm certain it does not have a good outcome) THIRD: When the mixer is run in Bridged Mode you must calculate the speaker impedence I HAVE USED THIS UNIT WITH 2 DIFFERENT BANDS & NEVER HAD TO RUN IN BRIDGE MODE BECAUSE IT IS MORE THAN POWERFUL TO FILL A MEDIUM SIZED VENUE. I HAVE ALWAYS USED STEREO MODE BECAUSE OF THE MULTI-FUNCTIONAL CAPABILITIES (OUTPUT A CAN BE USED FOR THE MAIN SPEAKERS - OUTPUT B CAN BE USED TO RUN UNPOWERED MONITORS). MOST OF THE TIME I RUN IN FULL STEREO TO ACCOMODATE THE STEREO KEYBOARD & STEREO GUITAR EFFECTS MY BAND USES.
Yes it does
No. It even includes picks. There is no tuner of course, but you can go online and find a tuner or use youtube.
No
Yes it has the larger plug hole for head phones the amp is model is BA-15
Yep.
Hello! The used version does indeed come with all items - bass, amp, case, cable strap and picks
That I can not tell you, but what I can tell you is this. The factory strings are not good at all. Just go ahead & order a set of Ernie ball 2835 extra slinky electric nickel wound bass set (gauge 40-95) and you will be way ahead of the curb
My wife has a buzzing noise with her stock cable. We swapped it out and the noise disappeared.
I had mine come to my job, because now days they just leave them at door.. Good way to get stolen!!
12 feet
The karaoke cd has to be a CDG (g for graphic) in order for the words to show. If it is a CDG and the words still don't show, I would check on the internet and contact the maker for an instruction book to download. Good luck!
CD+G - if cd's are "home made" the likelihood of them working on the older machine is not so good. For example, some line dancers gave me an audio CD they wanted me to play and the machine was unable to read it. However, it read the CD+G's I ordered from Sound Choice and Chartbusters just fine.
No
Yes! It is set up for this if you purchase an additional mic. You may have to adjust the settings according to the voices, etc. Have fun!
I don't think so. I don't see why you would want to do this.
Nope
No n no....its only good for children
Yes, i believe so
Yes! It comes with the cord to do this.
Yes
Hi. I have the slim par 56, and I love them. We run 8 of them for music performances, 4 on each side of the stage. Honestly, between the two, you are looking at brightness, because the slim size already takes care of portability and space issues. I would hesitate to use the 38s for our application, because there are times where I wish the 56s were brighter. If you are using them for ambient light and color rather than your sole source of illumination, I would think either one would be fine. Hope this helps!
Yes
You have to buy the dmx cables. Comes with power cord.
Nope. Good quality light. I can send you a link to one of our services with them active if you like.
You cannot use a standard dimmer switch for LED lighting and will need a basic lighting controller such as a Chauvet Obey 3 if you want to be able to dim them.
Yes. It would look really good to have a bunch. It really depends on where you want to put them, and whether you want to control them or not.
It has green, blue, magenta, and all combined
Yes. You can power link up to 81 SlimPAR 56 units on 120 VAC or up to 143 SlimPAR 56 units on 230 VAC. This is right from the manual. You can get access to all chauvet manuals from there website. www.chauvetlighting.com
I don't have any technical information on hand about the comparable brightness, but I can give you my opinion from using these every weekend for shows. At heir brightest, they are easily brighter than the normal 200 W lightbulb, but they can be dimmed smoothly through the range up to that level. They are bright enough that it is wise to avoid looking at them directly. The white color setting appears to be the brightest, so they can be run comfortably at a higher setting when you use a darker color like blue or red. The color setting can also be adjusted to get any variation of color you are looking for. I use eight across the front of my stage, and that is more than enough to light the stage and spotlight performers.
It's available on AmericanMusical.com for the same price both in black and white.
2
No
Not sure of size. They are at home. However I bought the Pyle-Pro PMDK102 Stands from Amazon. Came with cords and carry case.
There are two cables connecting back there.
Yes it does.
Yes use 1/4 inch banana type speaker cable.
The system is not wireless. It will take any mic or 1/4 jack input - including wireless base units. Rock on!
Yea you can different inputs at the same time
I purchased this for my dad not sure answer on that one
Mine has "400mA" printed on it, like this photo http://www.voodoolab.com/images/p_ppiso5_lg.jpg
I think 4 ft. But it's a standard (IEC) AC power cable that PC's and many other devices use.
No... Iso 5 can give you only 9, 12 or 18V. Furthermore, Bassbone needs a 400mA power supply, and Iso 5 can't offer this.
no
Yes. All you will probably need.
Alaska Guy, Your Boomerang will only draw about 400ma, you might want to consider using the Pedal Power AC. Alternatively you can power it with a Pedal Power 2+ from outputs 5 and 6 with the Dip Switches set to Normal using a Current Doubler Adapter and a Reverse Polarity Barrel Cable. Best wishes! -Pro Audio Land
An amplifier has a high current draw. I wouldn't plug an amp in there. The connector on the power supply is referred to as the 'courtesy' and is meant to connect smaller things like another voodoo labs power supply or perhaps a power strip (to connect 9-12v adapters to power pedals)
There are four outputs at 9v, one of which is a higher current supply shared with a 12v output (the total current available is shared between them). The last output is 18v. As to whether your pedals will work in the higher voltage outputs: That depends on the pedal. Analog signal pedals (like most overdrives and boosts and the like) should be fine. They may even sound better. However, if you've got a digital pedal our am analog synth module, you should stick to the 9v outputs.
Yes. I purchased the Pedal train Jr. and the Voodoo ISO-5 together and it worked great. I also purchased the mounting kit for the power supply separately which turned out to be unnecessary. Either the pedal board or the power supply came with the mounting kit - I just can't remember which one......
5
Both of my LPs are 12" radius, and it fits fine.
Depends on the height, width and depth of the nut on your guitar. Good luck.
Height: 3/8" (9.19 mm)
Yes. I put this on my Les Paul. An excellent replacement.
yes, i believe it would as the company has claimed themselves on musician's friend: "The TUSQ XL 1/4" Epiphone Slotted Nut (PQL-6060-00) is a superior replacement nut for Epiphone guitars." "If you have an acoustic or vintage guitar, you owe it to yourself to hear the difference a TUSQ replacement guitar nut makes." I would still measure and do research first, hope this helps.
Not sure. I put them in a variety o guitars. At times requires a shave or a shim
If the PRS nut width is the same as Gibson, 1-11/16, then yes it should with some (alot in my case) of fitting/ sanding.
Should fit all epi les paul models. All have a 12" radius wich is why i bought this nut. String spacing should be the same also but always check. U can check tusq web and get all specs on everything they make. Have used them for fender tele's,strat's, gibson les paul and 2 acoustics with great results. Good as bone and stays in tune better. Will transform yr guitar . Now get the grover bridge with the" tiny" notches in saddles for $23 and yr set.
The nut sits between head stock and fret board. So it would be the top.
sorry it didn't come in a case it just came in a box... :-(
I am using with my Yamaha DTX500 and it works brilliantly. No problems at all.
Yes. It comes with everything you need, connecting rod included
You can use it for a custom set.
That's how I play them and I have no complaints.
No, just the hardware for the pedal and the 2 beaters.
No
Not yet but try the axis sonic hammers or the trick domenator beaters
No, this is for regular drum.
No, the way the bar is attached, the configuration requires a right-foot bass drum. Maybe if you're a good modder :)
All 4 frequencies are different. They have two groups of frequencies, each has 4 different frequencies. The receiver I bought has 4 receivers packed in a nice rack mount unit which has two diversified antennas. They didn't work very well in my sittings. Frequently drop out the signal. You get what you pay for. the higher end of wireless mic cost a lot more money.
clip on
They are just different frequency sets. You need to purchase the set that matches your wireless receiver.
It completely depends on what she wants to do with it. To me, there are not enough keys to make it any sort of adequate substitute for a full piano, using two hands. It's generally intended to be slung around the shoulder and played with the right hand only. It's not self amplified, so it needs to be connected to some sort of powered speaker, unless you use it exclusively with headphones. That being said, I think the sounds and the physical keyboard touch are nice. If it were me, I might look for something like a Yamaha YPG 235 instead. More keys, self amplified, meant to be played with two hands, many sounds, accompaniment features. My own opinion only!
Yes you can set the modulation bar to control sustain! I dont think you can set the touch pad to control it though. This will defiately add to your group, it really added to mine, and it looks cool on stage/camera! You can also plug in an actual sustain pedal and have it control sustain while the modulation bar is free to modulate. Also, i forget what it is called, but you can set it to a different kind of sustain where it only sustains the notes you are currently playing while you squeeze the modulation bar. This allows you to play a chord, and hold it while you play a melody over it without the melody also getting sustained. It is one of my favorite features of this instrument
personal preference of color choice...in the 80s white was popular so they keep it...I see more white than any other and personally prefer it
Yes either through USB or midi cables
yes works great with any amp
Not that I know of, and yes.
I haven't tried that but I see no reason it wouldn't work.
Yes. It can run on batteries for 3-4 hours. Also, if you buy a wireless instument system then you dont have to worry about the sound cable either. It does not have its own speakers though.
No, it does not. And finding one has been difficult. The generic bags seem to be either too big or too small. I'm still looking... :-/
Yes it can David.
The unit support 2 input and 2 output, which are separate. Check that you are in fact not turning the knob to direct the audio to USB. Also check that your levels are correct, in the VU meter on the device; both should light up when you send signals to both channels. Also check that your gain and your like selector is in the correct position.
Just look up "square USB cable" and you will find it.
You can record both at the SAME TIME onto DIFFERENT tracks! But yeah, you could definitely do what you're saying.
I'm pretty sure.
Yes definitely. Thats what this was made for. It has XLR, which is commonly used with condenser mics and has phantom power in the device. It also has 1/4 input. You just need to set up the iO2 as your input device either in your computer sound settings or in the Skype software.
Yes; if Windows recognize it, you can use it as output. On OSX it is always recognized as output audio device. Every software works with it; all that you do is to set the input and output as IO2 and that's all.
I doubt that you'll find one that would work unless you bought this device new. Cubase usually costs money, so they aren't just gonna let people re-use activation codes. I personally wasn't aware that the device comes with Cubase...
Yes, it can. Take a look at the various outputs available on the unit.
I do not know the answer to that one. The only thing I can tell you is that from my IT experience I really hate to use another driver if one is available from the manufacturer. Also, downloading, installing and configuring the IO2 drivers is very easy. I am not as well versed with audio visual equipment as I am with regular business PC equipment, so I do not tinker much. The Alesis IO2 drivers work seamlessly and are geared for this piece of equipment. I hope that helps.
When I bought it, it did. If you look at the details on Amazon it appears that it still does. I hope that helps.
Good Morning Mike, You have the option of either playing it as an Acoustic or Electric . When it is not being used with an Amp it has Deep Rich Sound and is an awesome piece of Musical Equipment. When it is Plugged into an amp you have a wide range of different Sound that you can Achieve such as Distortion and Overdrive for that Heavy Metal moment when you want, or with a few tweaks of the onboard controls you can have a Clean Classic Bass Sound and even a slapping Funk Sound as well. The Pick up in this Guitar is indeed an awesome one. this is a Bass that you will come to love and will indeed become your Favorite Guitar..
44 inches long. 15 wide. 3 1/2 deep. Needs the longer bass guitar case. Won't fit in regular.
I would say the numbers are reversed.
Hello Joanne, sorry I did not get your message till later. Were trying to get this for Christmas? It usually takes 5 business days. Thanks for considering shopping with the Ultimate Super Store, Mary
Yes
one at the bottom. so A pin not plural...but it has a terrific, sound keeps its tune and is crazy easy to play; for the money you can't beat it. Some professional muscian friends of mine tried it and could ot beleive it was so cheap. Great tone! And the little equalizer does some awsome stuff for such a small device. Get this- you won't regret it.
the bass is pretty good as it is, decent enough for beginner player
There are no "hooks" on guitars. There is a strap button on the bottom, but none up higher. You tie the top end of the strap at the head- or take the guitar to a shop and have a button installed at the base of the neck. Hope this helps.
A very, very thin solid piece of wood. It has a thick coat of lacquer over it, so it looks like shiny plastic, but it's definitely wood.
Measure and buy same diameter strings and cut to length to get four wraps around the tuning machine when tight.
It would be excellent in any home system. I have used Crowns for years. Very flat response across the whole band width.
If your Onkyo has "pre-out" RCA output jacks, which I think it does, you'd simply connect an analog 2 channel "RCA" cable from the Onkyo "pre-out" to the inputs (L+R) of the Crown, and hook up your speakers to the Crown. The Crown also has a volume control, so read the manual. You have to decide which place you want to control the volume from - the Onkyo or the Crown. It is a lot of power for the RTA 9's but it should sound great. JH
Agree this amp has tons more power than you need. However, you can't go wrong with too much power as long as you can afford it. Plus these amps are made for long te use with a great warranty
I use an 8 channel Behringer mixer to control the sound. The left and right channels are backed off 3 notches from max. Using these settings, and two JBL 1000W loudspeakers, If I go over about two thirds volume it is too loud in a 30X50 foot hall. Using my system outside, the same settings are perfect for a 60X80 yard area where people have ample room not to be too close to the speakers. I push roughly 700 watts to drive both speakers with very good sound quality. At max levels, I still have no distortion. I hope this is helpful to you. I love this amp and highly recommend it. It reduced the weight of my road box by around 25 pounds. I would definitely purchase another to replace the one I have when that time comes.
Mine is 120 VAC 60 HZ.
the amp is at 4 ohm load, 2ndly are you asking about the implications of series or parallel hookup, hook it up to stay at the 4 ohms,= series. read a bit on the net about series & parallel. try them one at a time, noting amp temp,! aka does the fan come on? mine never did, so if yours does your pulling serious juice & sensitivity how much pre-amp line voltage required. are these subs or full range & are they in stock cabinets?
The crown
This amp has speakon outputs. So either you can use speakon to 1/4 adapter or speakon to 1/4 cables. It also has banana plug outputs as well.
Crowns are pretty bulletproof. Not sure what you are trying to accomplish though...
I drove a dual 18" Yamaha sub. As long as your speaker are rated for the power, no problem.
No regular 120 volt plug.
Looks to me like you should be able to trim a 1/4" off each side to meet your requirement. It is a great amp in my opinion!
You CAN NOT take the powered output from a mixer and go into the amplifier.
I installed this at my sisters house so I forget how loud it was. In my home theater I've got 4 PC fans for cooling and when it is turned on to listening volume you barely notice it. Perhaps some will jump in with recent experience
Yes. It will work just fine with them. As for the crossover it has one built into it has a wide frequency range. Or if you want to hear your mid bass, treble, and sub-bass at the same time then use the" through" option on the amplifier.
it is the same
not sure about that but in range of 1200 watts. Might contact manufacturer, they were helpful when I made my purchase.
Just tap in- but I don't think it's crappy at all- works great.
I believe it's within 4 minutes but that's enough for most songs
I use the JML2 as a sample player exclusively. I do no looping. I am a singer/guitar player who uses the unit to start and stop backing tracks with my foot. Left = click ~ Right = tracks. Aside from the archaic procedures and limitations to maneuver the software when loading audio into the unit; (it cannot be read as an external drive without the quirky "JamManager" software which is cumbersome), it is a solid unit. I needed stereo so I can only say it's better than the Solo XT due to that fact.
Sorry but I do not have any experience with condenser mics but I used JML2 plugged into mixer effect loop. Also used it with SM57 recording percussion and it worked fine.
Only one, but you can overdub on that loop. Can't combine loops in any way that I can tell.
No
It uses an SD memory card (like most point and shoot digital cameras). The new version does not use the Compact Flash anymore.
If your buying the unit new it comes with a CD a power cable instructions and yes I think it came with a USB cable as well. I downloaded a few drum tracks and copied them over into the machine was pretty easy to do with the software provided. Hope this helps.
Mine came with everything but the memory card, which you don't need to use it. I think it has 3 hours of storage built in, but double check that. The memory card is for extra storage.
I can't tell you really,cause I've never used the other
Yep. Try to get a 4 ohm total load to the amp (A pair of 4-ohm/coil DVCs will do it). 400-600wrms subs with a low Q would be ideal for your application. These amps have awesome crossovers (24db/oct) built in. Cheers
The previous answer was right with a few exceptions: the inputs are balanced (3-wire) for XLR and 1/4-inch; unbalanced (2-wire) for RCA phono-jack inputs. The 1/4-inch phone jack inputs are definitely balanced, but these can easily be used to provide unbalanced if necessary (which shouldn't be if one wants to use the supplied RCA jacks). Unbalanced RCA works fine for short cable lengths and consumer or home use; balanced should be used with long cable runs and for maximum low-noise, low-hum performance. Audio outputs are the standard professional 4-Pole Speakon connectors (these can accept either 2-Pole or 4-Pole connectors depending on application) and Binding Post Output Jacks that accept the standard 3/4-inch width Banana Plug, spade-lug or plain wire connections. The European version of this amp does have plastic plugs inserted to prevent the accidental insertion of the European power plugs from being inserted into the output connectors -- something that would not be pretty. Note that the US version of the XLS amplifier doesn't come with the plugs inserted.
Assuming you are referring to a Xenyx 1202 mixer, which has a "main out" L and R section right below the "1202" label at the top of the mixer. Simply run a standard 1/4 inch to 1/4 inch mono instrument cable from the mixer main out "L" to the crown Channel 1 input 1/4 inch jack. Crown labels this jack as "Link/out", but it is an input as well, according to the manual. Then connect the mixer main out "R" to the crown Channel 2 input 1/4 inch jack. This is assuming you are outputting a stereo mix.
1. The unit does not have a remote trigger input. But I use mine with a green power strip that turns on when my Receiver turns on. 2. The rack mounts are not easily removable. I'm sure 10 minutes with a dremel and you could take them off. However my component cabinet has plenty of room so I have no need to take them off. Hope this helps! --MP
Yes....I have almost that exact same set up and it drives both of mine great!
Yes no issues, pull down the operations manual off the web to see configurations.
No, the Crown CE-1000 was a heavy-duty, higher-power amplifier (Class AB) weighing about 32-33 lbs., and was suitable for use into loads down to 2 ohms (560 watts-per-channel). It was fan-cooled, and the fan would run most of the time, I believe, and the CE-1000 was also at its best when used with Crown's professional "SST" modules for output flexibility. The XLS1000 is a Class D amplifier weighing only about 8-9 lbs, and it is quiet (no fan noise) until pushed really hard; then a variable-speed fan does cool things down. The XLS amp is not quite as powerful as the CE-1000, but it still puts out over 300 watts/channel into 4 ohms, and the amp is significantly less expensive. It is a fine little piece of equipment! I use one daily (8-10 hours a day), and it has been one of the best amplifiers I have owned over the years. Highly recommended!
Yes, but in a similar way I started out with a onkyo and a separate crown 2100. It was good but the home receivers just don't have enough volume or dB gain. I have 2 crown amps and a art equalizer and most of all a art rack mixer. Setup is louder by 4 times as home av stuff. The amplifier is a winner but if it's not loud enough, get a mixer to drive the lines.
Yes this will work fine, I would go with the 1500, with the 1000 you just have to turn your source up a little more than you would with the 1500. Yes I have both amps linked in my home stereo setup pushing 2 cerwin vega vs150's and 2 bic america rtr1530's - yes it does get too loud !
Trust me it will be PLENTY! You do not need the XLS 1500
yes
They were made in Thiland.
I'm pretty sure Musician's Friend (a retailer that sells here through Amazon) will sell you just one. You just have to decide on the size. I just checked--they sell just the Quinto, Requinto (http://www.amazon.com/Schalloch-Requinto-Conga-Hardware-Natural/dp/B003DGSE3I/ref=sr_1_4?ie=UTF8&qid=1387340926&sr=8-4&keywords=schalloch), or Conga (http://www.amazon.com/Schalloch-Conga-Natural-10-inch/dp/B00280L97I/ref=sr_1_7?ie=UTF8&qid=1387340926&sr=8-7&keywords=schalloch).
The bottom of the ums are flat, so the person playing the drum normally tilts it slightly while holding it between their knees.
The top is spruce with a composite body...do not let that discourage you. This guitar sounds like a Martin. The quality is awesome and it is more durable and less expensive.I use mine for studio recording using a mic. The pickups are o.k. but the guitar sounds much better using a good mic.
I would recommend the mic. While the DX1AE is a great guitar, the D-28 is 4 times more expensive and with the proper setup and EQ, will most likely record better. For a live performance, it all depends on the pickup you have in your D-28. I have a DX1AE and a D-18, and while the DX1AE sounds good, the D-18 sounds really great. I use a K&K with a K&K preamp for live performances, and it comes across very well.
Both this guitar and the 000 guitar come with warranties (if they're new). Both are great guitars, but for personal comfort and sound you should try them out, if able. If that's not possible, try to listen to examples of 000 guitars versus dreadnoughts and choose the best guitar for the sound you want.
No.
No, it doesn't. We bought a wonderful used hard case for U$ 50,00.
It's a dreadnought so I put it side by side and it measures the same as my Martin D-28. Fourteen reachable frets and 20 frets all together. Same for both guitars that I own by Martin. 41 inches long. Hope this helps.
Yes
It is made in Mexico.
Yes. The "D" stands for dreadnought.
Yes, there is a strap button on the top of the neck, close to the heel.
Yes
I am currently using the spark by blue microphones it works great ad it's not to expensive, the boss has phantom power so the choices are endless!!
Yes, but it is somewhat limited as it only has 4 inputs and stereo out
Yes
Yes, the company that I made my purchase from was very responsive.
One is attached to the base drum
The drums are big enough but you will definitely need a bigger seat plus this set is not durable enough for a ten year old. Bought it for.my five year old and as soon as he starts to play drums getting bent screws kept falling out. Very affordable but has no quality whatsoever
It would be perfect for her
Sure, depending on your vehicle. For a car, you could probably fit the kick drum/toms in the back seat still assembled. At worst, You would have to take the toms off the kick drum. and the entire set is pretty simple to break down. The individual pieces are small enough to fit in most trunks/back seats.
Hi Stephanie! Hmm . . .my son Zach just turned 5 last month and I was JUST starting to consider buying the next size up for him here pretty soon. Although this set is a decent size, in my opinion I think you might be happier with something a little bigger?
It may be a little small for that age. My son is 6 and it's a perfect size for him, my 8 year old is a bit big for it.
I guess you could (a bit small though,they are truly kid sized) you'd need to sit on your knees or use a different seat, the seat IS NOT made for adults. My 5 y.o. fits perfect my 10 y.o. is getting a bit big. They they are very durable, we've had for almost 1 year and love them!
I really do think so. The quality is much higher thn I expected for the price! It is a REAL drum set and the sounds are amazing. I - and my grandsons - are very happy with the drums. I think an 11-year-old would like them a lot.
Yes. It's packed pretty efficiently which is why it takes an hour to put together.
There are no internal speakers. It has an 1/8" headphone connect in the front and 1/4" line outs in the rear.
I am not sure about GarageBand, but it's definitely compatible with LogicPro 9, which is what I have. Logic detects it with no problems.
Sorry but I can only advise you to contact KORG directly. Have you tried using a different power supply? Hopefully it is something simple like that. Good luck.
Yes forsure :)
it's keyboard+power cord only, so u need a cable. it's got 1/4" left+right channels out, so, depends on the line-in to your mac mini. mine worked with my laptop when i got 1/4" left+right to stereo mini cable. also you can cheat and use the stereo mini headphone out. pc speakers play fine but they better be decent to great, otherwise you'll get more out of it using headphones. it's a truly dynamic keyboard & sound, just got thru playing mine for the night :)
It has a 16 track MIDI sequencer
The micro station can be transposed in the global mode and individual tracks can be transposed in the sequencer mode. It can be controlled by a keyboard that has the ability to act as a controller.
Yes.
Yes, it will, but you will need the adapter like this "EU-PLUG: i.Trek US to European Plug Adapter "
I have been using two of these for about 3 years and they have no noise in them. I believe that you can purchase cables that may take more abuse and last longer. I set sound and use these about 40 times a year. They still work well.
I used this cable to connect the output of a sound board to the input on my camcorder to record a live music event. I was very satisfied with the audio quality because it was clear and not distorted.
not familiar with those microphones but if they're low impedance there shouldn't be a . It's a great cord soft flexible it works real well
As long as your amp has a female XLR slot, it should work.
As long as its 3 prong xlr it will be good
The cable is just a cable, it will carry what you send down it's length. I'm using it successfully to power a mic using 48V phantom power.
It is a universal microphone cord with a male and female connection so unless your shure 55 mic requires something unusual it ought to fit.
XLR is a type of 3-pin connector commonly used for microphone cables and other "balanced" audio applications. MXL is a manufacturer of microphones, so it's a brand name.
I use a set of these cables for my jbl's and they work great.
I haven't had any problems with them even with people stepping on them from time to time. I usually try to run my cables in low traffic areas.
Our son got his for his 10th birthday and he loves it. He said that an 8-year-old might just need a little explanation of the controls that are on it, but otherwise it would be fine. There are 50 different drum kits (drum sounds) programmed into this unit, so there's lots for them to experiment with. There are also demos that it will play for you in addition to those 50 sets.
3 lbs
Yes, the set came with drumsticks. Will add that my step daughter loves this set!
Came with a 120vac-60hz....The plug coverts power from 120vac to 12vdc. So if your overseas you can easily convert use a 240 to 12vdc or get an 240/120 inverter.
Great. My 9 year old loves it. Durable and does a lot of beats.
I am not sure.
It does come with drumsticks but no foot pedal.
Yes! and the kick drum sound too.
I don't know. Sorry.
I don't think so, it has a jack for pedal and one for headphones. I does have an AUX outlet, don't however believe that its 1/4 inch.
D'Addario EJ26-3D Phosphor Bronze Acoustic Guitar Strings, Custom Light, 11-52, 3 Sets. You can buy them right here on Amazon.com at: http://www.amazon.com/DAddario-EJ26-3D-Phosphor-Acoustic-Strings/dp/B000OR6I14/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1411748497&sr=8-1&keywords=d%27addario+phosphor+bronze+ej26-3d They are just $16.99 for 3 sets. Should last you a year if you play a lot. Not so much? 3 years.
the one i got was an adult size 41"
Guitar comes complete and well pkgd. Strings intact. Other reviews state to change strings.. for a beginner they are fine. I've bought 3 of these :)
The guitar we purchased is shiny.
Only acoustic
No they don't
Yes, both.
No! Just a box and a carefully hidden allen wrench be sure to look for it.
I personally changed my strings to lighter ones and soon as I got my guitar, and the strings that come on it are pretty bad anyways. But I don't find it all too difficult to play barre chords, my problem is mainly that this is a big guitar and I have small hands. Love it though :)
Nope. There's a truss rod adjustment wrench. that's it.
I use small e reader. This also takes care of light needs.
It's 2" pymaramid Auralex Acoustics studio foam
Its more than just foam in a backpack. Its the materials you don't see and the convenience of it being able to fold into a backpack that makes it worth the price. I'm a DIY guy so it took me a long time to try it but when I did it was worth it. Now if you have the time, capability to build a light weight, easily folding, portable booth that is affective then by all means do it yourself. You will still spend almost as much if you are using the proper materials within the backpack. I hope this helps.
Hi Jason, I'm not sure about that. I use a Neuman tlm49 with a shock mount and I manage to get it inside, but it's a tight fit.
I think you can use it with any mic. I mostly use it with a Neumann TLM49 for voice over work, but I've also used it to record a guitar cabinet with an SM57 and it worked great for that. I also have recorded acoustic guitar with the Neumann as well.
20.5 inches / 19.5 inches / 6 inches
Yes, it will.
Perhaps you can find out over on the main Voiceover Essentials website (http://voiceoveressentials.com/).
It's "perched" on a boom arm microphone stand. You can also set the booth on a music stand, a desk or even a shelf on the wall!
I believe you mean the comb/body which is made out of plastic. Metal cover plates. Brass reeds.
hi, they are made in China, the price is good, same as the sound.
no there wasn't a warranty with them.
That's difficult to answer. IMO this guitar's greatest strengths are the pickups but the acoustic sound, construction and playablility are still well above average. Best thing is to go to your local dealer to demo it and then decide. See my review dated January 10, 2014.
It only comes with an allen wrench for the truss rod.
It says made in Indonesia on mine.
This model does not come with a case, however most standard dreadnought cases fit it, and epiphone has a great offering in this category. Otherwise gator has an awesome case, which is what I purchased. Fits like a glove and was only around one hundred bucks. Also the gator seems like much more substantial protection.
I have the DR-500MCE in Vintage Sunburst. And it's gloss. Regarding the Natural version, Sweetwater.com says Satin. Their pictures can reveal more details. And besides you can ask one of their sales engineers. Their customer service is the best in the industry. Here's the link. http://www.sweetwater.com/store/detail/EMECNANH3
Unfortunately, it is not.
This is acutally an esonic2. Hope this helps.
You get 3 felt picks and 1 plastic pick. The felt is very stiff.
I bought them for my ukulele, but they were much too firm. When I tried to bend one a bit it snapped in half. I've had a classical guitar, as well, the strings are definitely thicker than a ukulele's, I think that these MIGHT work. I also don't have very strong fingernails, I used to bite them and only stopped a few years ago. But, after trying it out, I would say to grow them out a bit and shape them into rounded points. Then try picking. Your nails should eventually get stronger, and the shape really helps. It's way better than using a pick, especially for Spanish guitar. Arpeggio is nearly impossible with a pick. Whatever you do, don't give up.
Simple answer ... yes. Designed primarily for the nylon strings of the ukulele
No, because both sides of the bag have openings for the cables (with velcro). The bag is great.
It's just a bag with a couple dividers in it. You can move the dividers and there are Velcro slots on both sides for your cable. It's a fairly simple bag, been working pretty well for me.
No. The bag is the board. It is a stiffer, thicker material but not wood or even hard plastic.
No It doesn't. Actually I was going to buy a Casio on the internet. And I was looking through reviews and changed my mind because one of them complained of that noise and suggested that the Yamaha was better. So I went to Yamaha that was going cost only 500$ I can't remember which and it had some sort of problem maybe the same as this one. But the reviewer who claimed to be a professional player suggested that it would have been much better to pay a couple of more hundred dollars and get the Yamaha 640 which is the best in the price range and closest feel to the real thing. And after having it for two months now, I agree. My family absolutely love it. We are very happy with our choice. and no ticking sound at all.
Head phones not included. 88keys. 61 lbs with stand. 55" wide, 17" deep and 29" high with stand
You can use any amp, it really depends on the size of the area you want to play to, but be aware the 640 has only one out put which is a Stereo output on a 1/4" jack, but no big deal, hope this helps, I use a Peavy 100 watt output amp.
It does come with a sustain pedal, but it's a cheap thing. I bought the optional three pedal unit that attaches to the piano for about $70 and am happy with it. It has one usb port.
The keyboard I purchased came with a book stand and it fit in a slot on the top of the keyboard. It can also be removed by just pulling it out of the slot. The stand leans back enough that your book has a support. I hope this helps answer your question and if I can help you with any other questions I will be happy to do so. After I answered your question I went back to Amazon to be sure this one would be supplied with a stand and according to the item description it will come with a book stand.
This is critically important! You must get a Yamaha-approved 220-volt AC Power Adaptor unit. The DGX640 models will operate on internal batteries or the Yamaha Power Adaptor unit supplied. So without a 220-volt AC Power Adaptor unit you may power it with internal battery power. I don't know how long batteries last in typical music sessions. The DGX640 will probably arrive in two relatively large and heavy cartons, well packed with foam protection. Plan on the size of the keyboard plus about one and one half times more for packing material. Again, you must be absolutely sure your AC Power Adaptor unit matches the power from your lines. My manual, which came with my DGX640 has wording that indicates, if you specified your region and power need in your order, you may have received the proper AC Power Adaptor. PS: I play my DGX640 every day in my career as a writer and composer for musical theatre. Several professional musicians and salesmen for other digital pianos and acoustic pianos have assured me that I have a fine instrument and should be pleased with the quality of the key action, tonality, and rich bass, presence to midrange, and brilliance to upper range and the overtones of a fine acoustic piano that it provides. Keep in mind when others make comparisons that all acoustic pianos are different as are all violins. And your instrument has its unique qualities, which will become your own. My best wishes.
20-30 minutes. My wife and I assembled the stand and it wasn't hard. Somewhat balky and took two of us to lift the key board to the stand.
Yes it comes with a music holder. It's a very good piano. It's been almost a year sice we've bought it and we are so pleased with it:) Not one day goes by without us playing it. Good luck.
Thanks for your interest, We have it now in Walnut, They are New with the Warranty Thanks
It has threaded posts that slide into slots on the stand for stability. Quick to remove though.
No
no it can't. there is no i/o port. it records internally only
Yeah. Black and rosewood are the color choices.
Yes, it does but it was not difficult to do at all. It took my husband about 20 min I think. Not long. Hope that helps.
NO
Ash grey
Thr case I ordered was for a Gibson SG. I thInk any SG case should fit any SG Guitar
No
There's not a lot of "extra" space between the guitar and case, but I have a thin guitar strap that I can fold underneath the body still attached, and still get the top closed. Hope this helps.
I believe it will fit the 50
Hi, for a guitar of Maestro full size acoustic you should look for eg. Epiphone Dreadnought hardcase or SkB dread. Gibson sg case will be way to small. If you would like to trat yourself with a genuine Gibsoncase you are in the style of gibson montana or dove. &#128515;
There is a Transpose button that allows you to shift the pitch of the entire keyboard up or down in semitone intervals by up to 12 semitones.
Yeah, it has a plug for earphones, the input is large which I don't know the name of that input, so you might only need a converter for regular earphone inputs. I actually bought this piano to be able to play with earphones so that I wouldn't disturb anyone home, and it worked perfectly for that purpose, specially if your earphones have noise cancellation, it is really worth it.
Yes. One large box. My husband was at home when it arrived,between him and delivery guy no problem. My house 115 years old. My husband loves this piano.
No
I'm not sure about power usage but we keep piano in room with no air condition, and we live in the tropics so it's pretty hot here. Haven't had any problems.
There are two headphone jack receptacles which I imagine could be used for other external sound systems, but the Owner's Manual doesn't specifically address this issue.
The keyboard is the largest and heaviest part of the piano. It's approx. 52 in. X 18 in. and 2 or 3 in. thick, hard to tell exact dimensions since its assembled. We needed two adults to place the keyboard on the stand during assembly.
I am not familiar with the 162, it is a newer product than the 181. Some reviewers say the 181 has larger speakers producing better sound than the 162.
My 5-year old son discovered that you can simultaneously press two instrument keys at the same time, and get a combined sound. I am pretty sure that is a "bug" and not a feature. It works though.
There are 50 pre-set demo songs (you get the music book with them, also). Just to name a few...Menuett G by Mozart, Piano Sonata by Beethoven, Nocturne by Chopin, Maple Leaf Rag, by Joplin, etc. Hope this helps.
Hello, We only ship within the U.S. Thank you.
My Gibson is a Les Paul Future Tribute. I think this case can be used with any LP models!
This case for sure works with LP Studio. I'm not sure it works with LP Special.
yes indeed, one of the latches can be locked with an additional devices that is not provided with the case.
Yes, perfect fit...
Yes! For any les paul
yes. it should
I bought this case for a 2014 Gibson 120th Anniversary Les Paul Studio model, and it fits perfectly. You should have no trouble whatsoever fitting any true Gibson Les Paul model guitar.
It doesn't matter if its right or left handed it will fit in.
I dont know anything about the Triumph, Dont have a ruler handy to measure. However my les paul studio, fits snug and tight. so if the base is any wider, i'd say no.
Yes. The music rack does a good job. Yesterday I went to my local music store and compared other digital pianos to my DGX-640C with the three pedal unit, and decided I could find no better instrument for my needs. To me it offers me the ideal home instrument from which to play other digital or acoustic pianos wherever I go.
I am not sure... I recorded 4 files, it came up in MIDI format - but when played in other media the accompaniment themes came like static noise. I was opening the files in various programs - the same noise instead of the melodies, even Yamaha itself plays it correctly.
Sorry but I don't know. I just started taking piano lessons in January so I only use the single pedal that comes with the keyboard.
I'm sorry, I don't know.
110V. thanks
NO. TOO LARGE
No It does not come with a stool. But after i researched I decided to get the "On Stage KT7800 Plus Keyboard Bench" which was for about 30$ and I love it. Because it has 4 different heights and is very easily adjustable. And by the way We still use the Yamaha 640 every day and still love it :) Good luck buying your own.
Yes, however, I recomend to purchase the piano together with the three pedal accessory (Yamaha LP7A Keyboard Foot Pedal Unit) that attaches to the stand and gives it stability.
Yes they do rusty, it was a great but and I love playing it. Sounds very real and plays real
Sound quality is in the ear of the beholder. I think the sound is excellent for the size of of the speakers. Also, you can equalize the sound by choosing other instruments.
Terris, I purchased the software to manage voice recordings made on a Sony digital recorder. Subsequently, I've used an earbud microphone/recorder (Olympus TP-8 Telephone Pick-up Microphone by Olympus) to make recordings of phone calls dealing with detailed instructions of how to handle tax matters. The number of options outside of my needs are numerous. Keeping in mind that I use the software to "edit" voice recordings off of a digital recorder and a couple of technical phone conversations, my guess is that you will have no problems with the software and will be please with it. Beyond this software, Sony has a number of higher end sound products that would allow you to do studio recording quality. Here's my suggestion: buy the software and play with it for ten minutes - record for 5 minutes or so and edit for the remainder of the time. My guess is that you'll be pleased enough to continue using the software. As your understanding of what your needs are and what offerings are available, you can step up. My version predates the current version and is on sale for $24. Spend $24 and give it a spin. What you do not want is to buy a full blown complicated software when you just want to record your book. In summary, I'm pleased since the software more than meets my needs and was very easy to learn to do what I wanted it to do.
it records into tracks(listens for silence parts) Since I have been using Audio Station, I don't use it that way..you could and it works ok. I think it's just better to record side one and use markers. Then go back and edit the file. hope that helps
Sure! Just slide the vocal track to zero volume and record it.
I have not tried burning a disk with this produce as yet since I have a program just for that purpose. However I checked and there is a burning feature in the program. Go to the "Help" menu, click "Contents and Index", in the box with the flashing prompt, type "Burn". That will bring up a list of choices. The first three will give you some help. You have the choice of "Burn Audio", "Burn Selection Only" and "Burning CD's". See if one of these will give you the info. that you need.
Your idea seemed to have merit. Have you tried noise reduction?
Hello. I have windows 7 and I use cd-r....so no, you don't need a different type of cd if that is what you're asking.
Have you played CD-R before in your truck? If the answer is yes, are you using CD-R or CD-R music(the only difference is that CD-R music discs pay a fee to the record companies) If no, then is your Truck's CD player capable of playing other CD-R without problems. 2nd part of your questions easier then perhaps the first.....You have to have a blu-ray player to play blu-ray disc's. I would need more information to answer your question more precisely.
To be clear, although Soundforge can burn CDs, if that's the main thing you want to do, I wouldn't choose it. I like SoundForge because it allows you to transfer vinyl to digital format and to edit the digital audio. Roxio and Nero are the leading companies in CD burning software, but I think iTunes and Windows Media Player might be able to burn music as well.
I don't see a reason why not. It's a input as a microphone, turntable, cassette deck. Audio Studio is a good program....it's only drawback it records a single file.....When I do a record, I record side 1 and use the markers....then edit, gain..ect then side 2. Hope that helps. Charlie
I used sound forge on windows XP and 7 so I'm not sure if it will work on windows 8 sorry I could not be more help
This specific ukulele is a concert ukulele. It has the same strings as a soprano, and you can use the same chords as you would on a soprano, but it has a bigger neck and body.
I believe that the top is laminated, but the fit and finish are so good that it is really difficult to tell. I have thoroughly enjoyed this ukulele, and would buy it again.
Probably the wrong photograph. There are two models available, one without the preamp and one with. I have have the one without and it is a nice instrument for the price.
No, so far the strings are fine.
What does "nature solid" mean?
Yes
The one I ordered came with a bag!
Very close together. I'm not that great with measurements but I'd say about a centimeter maybe? But it definitely plays easily with little effort for pressing down on strings!
no pick up
No. Fully acoustic instrument.
Yes this works with our Olympus DS5000
It is ready to plug in but I'm not familiar with Express Scribe Pro.
Here is a link which shows two pedals which work with Express Scribe (including the D27).
It is a USB plug-in.
We tried downloading to our current computer software from a DS recorder and it was not a hands-free system. We purchased the "Olympus DS Player Plus", that came with the foot pedal and it has turned out to be a very user friendly dictation system. With the purchase of additional foot pedals, the original software can be installed on multiple computers, if you have more than one transcriptionist.
I know this cost about what the instrument costs, but it has held up nicely and is a hard shell. http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B004PFWZHM/ref=wms_ohs_product?ie=UTF8&psc=1
D'Addario Mandolin Strings are a solid choice.
As I recall it was about 4 feet by 2 feet.
Nope. Acoustic.
Mine did not.
No
Usually tie under the bottom end of the neck, or just above the nut (under the strings).
at the base of the neck there is another hook.
Unfortunately it does not.
I don't think so
It does for me, but I do have a small volume boost from my pedal board. I promise you, it is the best $100 you will ever spend. I have two close friends who are incredible guitar players, and they both bought one, and they love it.
The v 5 is all tube and the bc 15 is only a tube pre amp section not tube power section.
It will be just fine! Remember it's only 15 watts. I just did a small gig with mine. Guitar, bass, drums. We play soft. It was great!!!!!!!!
No. Headphones outlet only.
run it clean,no gain it will sound great. if you use the gain ,its all you will need..it has plenty of gain
All you need is a Phillips screwdriver #2. Set the UNPLUGGED unit on its' face, handle towards you. Remove the four black screws on that secure the black amplifier assembly into the wooden frame (inside, along the sides). Now loosen the four chrome plated screws that are not part of the corner guards or handle. They have raised little aluminum collars beneath them. Now you will be able to gently work the amplifier assembly out, being sure not to yank on the speaker wires. Access to the tube is from the side, beneath the Input jack, and a spring holds it in place. Most bad tubes won't glow; the filament is fragile, and wears out over time. Good luck!
Yes. Use it with a Tele and the sound is great. I also use it with my Les Paul for a harder sound. It is very nice.
good question. I got brown and I didn't see an option to choose a preference on any of the websites that I perused. apparently it's what ever they grab.
Don't know. I've got a lap steel I use it with. Works perfectly for that. The sound is great.
Standard US outlet voltage.
It does what it does for any microphone. When you speak, puffs of air come out of your mouth and nose. The pop filter captures that moving air before it can strike the microphone and cause a "popping" sound on your words with letters that cause that such as P, V, and h. The blue yeti microphones are sensitive enough to pick this up as they are good quality microphones. Hope that answers your question.
No. You have everything you need with the Pop Filter, Head Phones and Mic. You get recording quality sound. I narrate Creepy Pasta and this is the best Mic I have used. I have recommended it to several friends and they really like the quality. My cousin uses it for recording songs and loves it.
Not at all. I have my pop filter screwed in to my Blue Yeti, and I have full access to the 3.5mm jack and USB port.
No, it is USB only.
If you get close to the mic, within 2-3", then the gain of your software can be lower, thereby reducing the background noise. Additionally, since this mic also has a cardiod pickup pattern, if the noise is anywhere except the front of the mic, it will also be further reduced, enhancing your voice in front of it.
It is almost 10 feet long , this is a great microphone , I am very pleased with it !
I have not used mine with a dell, I have an HP, but the mic comes with it's own cord which should plug into any computer via USB.
It doesnt have its own program, you plug it in and let the device be installed to use like everything else, load up the program your recording onto, and work your magic.
Not at all. I have not noticed any issues with this Mic, this is the best one I've ever purchased!
They're used for monitoring your sound while you're recording. Mics are very sensitive and can pick up the slightest noise. Headphones help you hear those sounds and allow you to make adjustments accordingly.
Yes. It works great on both my win vista and windows 8 laptops
You would have to get a converter to convert the USB to your ipad connector. You can also use this on skype you just change the setting in your computer to the mic being your input device
If you mean you can use it as a mic on live than I don't believe you can.
Yes. And headphones
Yes
The pictures were very clear on what headphones you get butt mine were JVC
Can verify that it works on Windows 8.1 Pro. So it should work on 8.1, as the specs state no additional drivers are needed.
The specs say omnidirectional, and I see no switches on the microphone, so probably it's Omni only.
Yes
Yes.
These are excellent strings, they are easy to put in and take out, and easy to tune. You can play any style with these strings. They do not snap easily. We have used these strings for several years. The top violinists in my daughter's orchestra use these strings.
This is the whole set of 4 strings.
They have a warmer sound and seem to last longer as well.
Hello, they have a ball at the end.
Not sure ... what do you mean by Gold wound?
Yes and it also works with Mac. I have each.
Snowball has stand, not sure what you are talking about "headsets come with that goldfish amp thing" headset is JVC HA-RX300.
No, but it's pretty simple, you just turn the knob at the end of the attaching part of the filter to the "shaft" of the microphone.
From the snowball microphone to USB is a approx. 71 inches long connection.
Yes
No , its not usb to usb. Im not sure what cord it does use. Sorry.
I believe it is comparable with windows 7, and the entire thing stands about 7-8 inches tall
The headphones are actually really good they produce a great sound they are easily worth $60 alone
Yes of course the stand fits in the base of the microphone and can fit into other things like cameras and stuff, yet I haven't tries
Yes
not quite 'god' quality, but quite good.
Set up the base of the stand so that the legs are all even. Then line up the holes of the stand (The part you're going to be putting the music on) with the hole at the top of the base. Put the screw through one side & then screw the black know onto the other end. Make sure you adjust the stand to where you want it before tightening the knob all the way.
The stand face measures a full 16", amply big enough to open a music book.
That is to the top of the music holder. Mine measures 59" from floor to the top. From the floor to the bottom of the music holder is 48". I hope this information is helpful.
I would guess about 5 or 6lbs. Not to heavy
Hi. I actually just tried it to see what would happen. I'm not sure if I need you to sign some kind of agreement that you won't sue me if something bad happens to your laptop but here goes anyway. Now not sure if you saw my review but I give you fair warning that I'm not entirely sure I put the stand together correctly. However it holds paper so seems to be right. I only say this because I saw a response that said you can't tilt the desk (top) all the way back but I can. So I either assembled it wrong or that person is wrong. Anyway I was able to to tilt it totally level and put my laptop on it (I have a 15in macbook). It's sturdy in the middle where the stand joins the top but it's a bit wobbly from side to side. However it bore the weight without anything happening (I only tested it for about a minute). I think it's a little risky because there's nothing keeping it on the stand if someone were to ever accidentally knock into it. And again it is wobbly from side to side. I think you could risk it but I wonder if there's something slightly better out there for that purpose. Honestly my vote is that it's wobbly enough to make me too uncomfortable. Do you have iPad? That would work perfectly with the stand in the correct position.
Yes it is
Magnets will work on this stand... This is a great stand for the money... I love mine and I use it all the time... No problems with it at all
Yes. it's easily adjusted through almost 90 degrees straight up and down to almost flat like a table top.
It's one and a half inches (1.5) and wow you must be a heck of a lot smarter than me to be dealing with a hefty calculus book like that!!! Kudos to you! :)
This unit has only RCA in and out terminals, so I don't think so...
Yes
Yes unless your input say a computer is turned up louder than they can compensate for. Over all great eq. For the price.
If you have 3 inches of height space, it will fit with some space to spare
i sent mine back for refund very poorley manufactured. ..
Do you know there are 3.volume settings?
I used it for running, so it's light weight was critical. It's not very loud though, so if you can handle a bit more weight, a metronome on a smart phone might work better. Most of those metronomes can make different sounds as well whereas this makes only 1 sound. That said, this device worked for my purpose!
DM50s is better quality.
If you have a tiny Phillips head screwdriver with a magnetic tip (like the ones that are used for eyeglass adjustments), you should not have a problem. There are 3 tiny phillip head screws that need to come out to remover the backing. Once the backing is removed, there is one more TINY Phillips head screw that "holds" the battery in. Once you have the right screwdriver, it can be changed within 3 minutes.
Hi...i'm sure they have a case that would fit ( i have a psr 910) and i use a gator bag...this model case i use for a macoarranger so it won't fit your tyros (way to small)...stevec
It should fit any 49 key keyboard
it is black
It fits great with a little room to spare. Just to be extra safe i also use the foam that came with the keyboard. My laptop, cooling platform, adapter and cables all fit perfect in the case. Overall great buy especially for the price.
yes it will perfecty matter of fact ,it protects it pretty especially on road trips or even flights .i used when i went to play a gig in africa this summer .
Barcelona. It's a pretty good bass.
It does have a 1/4 inch output jack so it should.
It is full scale.
Hello there Thank you for your inquiry. Unfortunately we do not sell replacement parts for our instruments. We are sincerely sorry for any inconvenience this may cause. You may want to check with your local music store to see if they carry replacement parts. Please feel free to contact us if you have any additional questions or concerns regarding your order. Best Regards, Daily Deals
Hello there, Thank you for your inquiry. We are sincerely sorry that we currently do not offer guitars for left handed players. Please do not hesitate to contact us if you have any additional questions. Best Regards, Daily Deals
How are they not playing? If you're not getting any sound then it could be the pick-up or the amp.
What ever you tune the bass to...
Yes on all three. The strap is a little short (even adjusted fully), but it would probably be fine for a child. It also came with extra string and a gig bag.
Yes, it is p-bass style. I am having fun with it.
No amplifier provided go to a Guitar Center and C what USED amplifiers they have until u can play it
Weighing only 4 lbs, the Harpsicle is not only very portable, but well-built by a reputable harp builder. These are the harps I recommend above all else for my online harp students. I've listed many other reasons for recommending them at: http://peacecalm.com/buy-lap-harp/ Christine Magnussen, Certified Therapeutic Harp Practitioner
I was worried about that as well....mainly the size, which even though small, looked as though it wouldn't fit. After I bought my first I was very concerned about that and the next time I flew (either American or United) I carefully inspected he size ......It would work. However, all the laws are changing and maybe the size inch wise would stop the problem. The overheads are definitely big enough. I understand that many professional musicians have flown with their Rees harps and it seems that they have been able to get on board. Another version of this answer is I have no proof to offer.
I bought this harp for my sister and will forward your question to her. I think it will but you can call Rees in Rising Sun, IN
Yes, there are soft, gig cases made specifically for harpsicles but I have yet to find a bargain on them. There aren't many vendors out there and seem to range from $85 to $100.
I made my own strap after seeing how ridiculous the price is for straps on their website. As long as it is long enough and you can attach the ends over the metal knobs, anything will work! I even used an infinity scarf hooked on the metal knobs and over my shoulder. Worked great and felt comfy.
I would check the current stats at the Rees site.
Yes, of course! Wouldn't be much good if you couldn't tune it! :-)
Yes, but only if the music is written in a sharp or flat. Example if music is written in f# all f's are f#. But sometimes it will change to natural f it will be a little difficult, unless you have the key and do it fast. As you know harpsicle is is key for "C" only. That's my two cents
Yes
We apologize for any inconvenience , unfortunately we do not ship to China.
It plugs into a normal three prong outlet.
I do not think this unit would work as a gobo projector. It is not designed to except a gobo. Google gobo projector
Nope. Everything I've seen is that LEDs are either on or off.
It's a fixed beam. The beam width is in relation to the distance from the subject. At 20' you'd probably get about a 2' circle. We use ours in a small community theater where it is about 60' to the stage and get about a 3 1/2' circle.
No, this doesn't have much power and it's a pretty small beam of light. You'd need several of these to get enough light for that purpose, in my opinion.
Probably. You can find a replacement for anlmost every LED made. But the odds of it burning out are very slim. LEDs last in the 40,000 hour and up range and would need to be left on 24/7 for a couple years to have one go bad.
Yes there is a 5/16 hole in the center of the top bracket
Yes
It is hard wired! The electronic power supply out put current is not listed and you will blood your warranty of you change anything.
Specifications * Light Source: 1 (white) 3W (700mA) LED 50,000hrs * Beam Angle: 6 (installed), 9 (included) * Illuminance (6): 4,120 lux @ 2m * Illuminance (9): 1,335 lux @ 2m * Input Voltage: Auto-ranging 100 - 240VAC 50/60Hz * Power and Current: 4W, 0.1A @ 120VAC 60Hz * Power and Current: 4W, 0.1A @ 230VAC 50Hz * Weight: 0.9lbs (0.4 kg) * Size: 7.6 x 4.2 x 5.9in (193 x 105 x 148mm) * Approvals: CE BTW, while a little pricey, these work very well. I use them on a disco ball, all night, no issues.
It should ive fit a gibson flying v in it and ive used it on tour for my explorer
I'm almost positive it will
I believe it to be about 47"x15". It's just big enough to fit my 1984 Ex quite snug.
If your kelly bird is as big as an Explorer than yes it will this case is a decent size
I believe it might. I bought it for an explorer copy and the case is much longer and wider than the guitar.
The Explorer body is slightly bigger than and ex, so I would say yes go for it, cause if it fits the explorer it should fit the ex
Yes
All I can say is that my Epiphone Exploere fits perfect, so if it is the same size it will.
The low D flute is 23 inches long, and truly beautiful.
I found the holes to fit well to my fingers. I have smaller than ave hands.
it is on sale
this flute "smell" like cedar. if you are looking for the flute of this style made for a woman's hand, i think you would enjoy it. my hands are comfortable on it.
Hi, yes, it will fit. I put it into a Squier Standar Fender Strat. Wiring was simple. Pickups sound great. Many greetings, R.-B.
Yes, this pickguard is loaded with Lace Sensor Gold pickups. Thanks for your interest!
We have the prewired Gold pickguard only in white. We do have the Gold set in cream.
Not sure if this helps, but it fit my 80's Mexican Strat.
Of course, not! That's how Yamaha etc. make their bloody money! :) They always put a warning that you MUST buy only Yamaha adapter (of course ways overpriced!), saying that any after market adapter may damage the device :) Happily one of my external hard drives died right when I bought this keyboard and since then I use its power adapter with the keyboard with no problem. It has the same specs and works just fine.
Hello...I measured the keys on my V80. They are one inch wide and 5 1/2 inches long. I measured the keys on my acoustic piano, they are one inch wide and 5 3/4 inches long. My opinion is they are full size keys. Very pleased with the touch and quality for the price on this. Let me know if further questions. Regards, Anne
Probably Sennheisers.
Yes
Yes it comes with a box.
Hi Ralph, I but a bundle that included the stand, sustain pedal and power supply. I don't know if you will get the power supply if you buy only the keyboard. Usually it's bought separately.
Yes
We purchased this keyboard, primarily for our Bible study meeting. I am not the player, but it sounds great, offering quite a variety of tones.
Yea it is a semi professionnal keyboard
Yess
Yes it does!
Yes.
No. This Digital Keyboard use a charger 12V.
No.
If you bought it in the last 30-days or so Amazon will probably handle it, or the company selling it through Amazon. If you have had it longer than that you probably need to contact Peavey. Hopefully you filled out your warranty card and sent it in.
Will be great plug only one side left or rigth channel
Yes
If your monitor has two inlets on the back, hook the third monitor to one of the other monitors.
1/4 inch mono connection, time two for left and right output.
Yes i run three monitors
yes it will I have one.
I don't think they make one, searched everywhere. Took it to my local canvas shop and they made a great one for $65.00 with a plastic sleeve over the knobs. Good luck
The Peavey XR8600D has a 2 year warranty from the day of purchase. You can fill out an Extended warranty registration form within 90 days of purchase and get an extended 3 years, that will give you a 5 year warranty. Hope this has been helpfull to you.
This one is too big. It was much bigger than the description made it out to be. It would be for a large person in my opinion.
It is possible to change the strings and reverse the tuning it adjust to left-handed play. However, as an 8 year music teacher with many left-handed guitar students, I would recommend that you play normally. Muscle memory allows you to play both ways with enough practice.
yes
u have to stringe by yourself
My son loves this guitar. It came in quickly, and he uses it for school. No damage and I purchased the case separately.
The width of the neck at the first fret is two inches exactly.
Hi. Well I use this pedal with the Joyo Power Supply 2. No problems.
If you're mic is using an unbalanced 1/4" cable. However most are XLR. I would suggest something from TC Helicon for vocals.
This is a great pedal all the way around. Construction is solid, and has a wide variety of sound. It sounds great with either electric, or acoustic.
Mine is working fine, I'm guessing the bypass side is grounding it's self. Most likely against the housing. :/
It turns the effect on and you stomp on it again to turn it off
No, it won't do that...It's just a basic reverb pedal
I don't know, I returned it because it was defective.
not ours thx
Hello- It weights out of the box around 14.5 lbs. It can power @ 2 ohm (3850W x 1 Channel @ 2 Ohms) and (3750W x 2 Channels @ 2 ohms). The information on the Amazon page is outdated. We have requested that Amazon update the information but that has not happend yet. The total power ratings are as follows: - 3850W RMS x 1 Channel at 2 ohms - 2400W RMS x 1 Channel at 4 ohms - 1330W RMS x 1 Channel at 8 ohms - 3750W RMS x 2 Channels at 2 ohms - 2022W RMS x 2 Channels at 4 ohms - 1250W RMS x 2 Channels at 8 ohms -West Music Company
depends on the ohms of each cab... if u take the amp below 2 ohms, you'll burn it up.. only 220v out of the USA, can't gettem here thx jr
We offer our clients a full 5-YEAR warranty at no extra charge. Thanks, Hugh 318-614-0422
It could run 4 of them.
Tom - Just so I understand your question, are you talking about the IPR2 7500 or your existing amplifiers? With the IPR2 7500, your best bet is connect the SP-2s to one side and the 118s to the other side. Correct impedance match and plenty of power. Hugh &00-806-7774 24/7 Technical Support
i really don't know because the peavey amp I baught came damaged !!!
NIKKI, these will help limit the bass from bouncing around your unit but it won't keep the sound out of your unit. For that, you need some serious insulation in the ceiling or walls you share. To really limit how much bass you hear from an adjoining unit is very hard without spending a lot of $$$ , as the low frequencies cause vibration in the structural framing, which tends to amplify the bass vibrations. That's why you also feel the bass in your floor and walls, not just hear it.Insulation will help but it won't eliminate it. Might be cheaper to buy noise canceling headphones or pay for music lessons so the quality of the bass playing improves! Reminds me of "Neighbors" by the Rolling Stones! Good luck!
no, these are are not designed for that purpose.What you need is a subwoofer for those monitors, they sell them relatively cheap and good quality. What size driver do you have in the monitors? thats really what determines what bass response you get from your monitors. The larger the driver the bigger the bass response ,smaller is less response. In my opinion its always better to have separates and small is ok if you have a sub. Hoped it helps...by the way the traps provide a way to lessen the build up of unwanted muddiness and reflection that makes your sound dark and muddy and just overall sound bad.
They work awesome in our studio. Need to go from floor to ceiling with them for best results.
Yes it does
There are 12 in a pack.
Approx 1' Length X 2' Width X 2.5 Height inches per piece... the box it was shipped in that i received was approximately 1' Length X 2' Width X 2' Height
No install guide. For placement I would first focus on the area in front of you or your speakers to help with reflection. I found using a thin nail with a larger flat head works well for installation or glue for permanent application
that is correct
I used the spray adhesive for my panels so im not sure how well the tape works but when i ran out i went to Menards and bought a spray adhesive from them, i used them on my entire wall and ceiling and nothing ever fell down, usually if a tape comes with the panels they work though, i would give it a try.
No
Yes. I haven't. But you can.
The material does have an odor, but it is not strong or particularly offensive and, like a new car smell, fade.
0.75
I have not noticed any difference to the paint, the absorption is the same
When clicked, this foot pedal switches between the 2 channels on your amp (if you have a 2 channel amp) I have a Crate, and when I click it goes from the clean channel to the overdrive channel. It can also be used as a tempo pedal to plug into a delay effect that has a tap input.
Hello, If this foot switch was to work with the Mustang, it would only switch between the presets. Please note that it is not designed to work with the Fender Mustang 1 V2. Thank you
Not sure, you could always try and if it does not return it.
I believe you can manually dial in the factory presets with it plugged in. If you click the pedal though, it would take you back to your programmed channels for the pedal.
I left mine still tied by the cable tie. I only have 18 inches exposed. I would guess 12 or 15 feet.
Very heavy, like so heavy you can play heavy metal with it. Haha jkjk. Its like a good 8 ounces. Heavy enough so it doesn't slide around on any type of floor and heavy enough that it doesn't feel flimsy or cheap. A little lighter than my BOSS distortion pedal.
I have this pedal and the Mustang II V2 myself. The pedal doesn't give you the option, your amp does. When you change to one of the 24 different preset sounds and then change any dials you will see the SAVE button light up. Press the SAVE button and it saves it. Do all of that again to save a second setting. Then press the button on your footswitch to switch between the two saved settings. You will see there is a GREEN saved channel and a RED saved channel. The footswitch allows you to switch between them.
No. You need to check with the manufacturer for whichever brand head you have. Some brands have a proprietary footswitch that you must order.
If the pedal works appropriately making the switches between channels, I would not worry about it. If it really bothers you please specify which amp you are pairing this up with. I have a Fender Mustang 1 which I use mine with and the LED does not work. It works very well with the amp despite the LED not working.
Hello, You are correct. Through Amazon, we only ship within the United States. Thank you
Available 110-120 or 220-240v ac 50/60 hz so yes
The manuel says only 4 and 8 ohm.
The power is good u have no problem
I use it. You can import loops in WAV format. Sometimes I generate loops on the looper and bring them into Sonar X2 where I put on good drum tracks. Hope this helps.
Yes you can store your loop as you layer it on real time. You can also clear your last loop. If you wish to keep your loop. You must then store it in the memory or it will be lost when you go to another loop.
No you are not
You don't need an amp per say. But you will need speakers/studio monitors or anything you can use as a speaker. I am using an amp as a speaker b/c I already had an amp I wasn't using. There are no external speakers so without a speaker you will only be able to hear the kit through headphones.
yes, i play along with mine all the time.
I have not tried to do this, but I think the capability is there.
The whole assembly can be changed to whatever configuration you want.
The module is marked as to which plug is which basic drum sound.
I would think so. But honestly don't know.
Yes. MadCatz makes a "Xbox 360 Rock Band Midi PRO-Adapter" that can be used to make eletric guitars, keyboards and electric drums compatible with Rock Band. It is now 27bucks here on amazon. But when I first looked at it, it was 15bucks. I am waiting on it to go back down in price before I get one.
Yes. But the other end won't fit into a standard xlr input. It basically turns it into kinda what you can do with a guitar cable.
I have had no problems with this cable at all, I use it to connect my speakers with amp and sub-woofer. I think you will be satisfied, just as I am.
Yes.
I don't know I use it as a mic cord.
All microphone with standard XLR connector will work. Yes it should work for the XM1800S.
it depends how heavy the stuff in it is. i keep a laptop, charger, usb interface, cables, sustain pedal and some small stuff, mine's leans forward a tad if i set it on the base.
No, the Kontrol S4 mk2 will not fit properly in this bag. According to Native Instruments, the dimensions of the Kontrol S2 mk2 are 19.7" x 13.3" x 2.9". According to Mono Cases, the EFX-KON-GRY's Rear compartment dimensions are only 15" x 12.5" x 3" and the Front compartment dimensions are only 14" x 12" x 4" (1.5" at top).
The Mono EFX Kondensor bag will hold up to and including a 17" laptop. The Rear compartment is 38cm x 32cm x 7.5cm. The Front compartment is 36cm x 30.5cm x 7cm. Vestax lists the VCI380 as 42.7cm x 30.4cm x 6cm, so I do not believe this bag will accommodate it. The Mono EFX-365 might be a better fit: http://www.amazon.com/MONO-EFX-EFX-365-BLK-Mixer-Case/dp/B002FKBHHS/ref=sr_1_1?m=A345OSUWOYF1PV&s=merchant-items&ie=UTF8&qid=1387230083&sr=1-1&keywords=mono+efx+efx-365-blk
Yes, each speaker has parallel 1/4" input/output jacks that allow you to daisy chain them.
These aren't powered cabinets. You need a power amplifier. They're not terribly high power, so it wouldn't have to be a high wattage amp.
Don't insert headphones. The impedance won't be correct. There weren't speaker cables included in mine. Sorry!
Honestly, if you value your instrument, look for a better solution. Yes, the thing is portable, but the quality of construction and the cheap foam (it is 'sticky' so it sticks to your instrument when you try to pick up instrument from stand) make this one a P.O.S. in my book.
I sent mine back because it didn't fit my dulcimer, but if my memory serves me correctly it was only a couple of feet tall. It would sit on a tabletop well.
yes there is a hole on the bottom arm/rest where the screw sits in, in front of the violin. you can see it in the picture, it looks like little nub on the right arm/rest
Yes it will, I have a baritone uke and it fits it just fine...but no larger than that. I use a regular guitar stand for mine. This is a really fine stand by the way!
No. I purchased it for our MDs and returned it because it is way too small. It's too bad that it didn't fit any of them, because it is a really nice little stand. It might possibly fit a travel size dulcimer, but I didn't try it out on one.
Not sure since I don't own one, soery
VERY SORRY;i DO NOT KNOW THIS INSTRUMENT.
I would suggest getting a similar looking guitar rest with all solid tubing that has an adjustable neck (most do) - and use that. The 'portability' of this model is far outweighed, in my opinion, by the sheer inferior quality. This item, as I noted in my review, is not well made and a Fender will be too heavy for it because the stand will topple over if the guitar is brushed.
NO IDEA i USE IT FOR MY VIOLIN PRETTY GOOD.
Yes, I use it for my concert ukulele all the time. The length of the rod on the back of the stand is adjustable, and should very easily work for a soprano ukulele as well. I don't use this stand for a baritone. I prefer to use a guitar stand, as I think the baritone is too big for this stand. You'll love how easy this stand is to set up, and how compact it is when folded up!
Be careful here. I thought I was getting the E-108 and I got the E-109. I had to pay return shipping, so I kept it - it's a good light. Amazon just won't change that error even though they were told by me and the seller. IF YOU WANT ONLY THE E-108, SEARCH FOR THE DOUBLE DERBY E-108 OR JUST DOUBLE DERBY. I did this and I was sure to get the E-108 - a much bigger and heavier unit AND more expensive. The E-109 is very close to the effect of the E-108.
The microphone control is the only control re: sensitivity to sound. If it's too low, there will be no movement of the lights. The lighting seems to vary slightly with the tempo of the music, but there is no contol to vary that speed.
They usually react only to the volume level of the music - they criss-cross. They seem to react slightly different depending on the tempo of the music (i.e. fast/slow). However, if you yell loudly, the lights will begin to move for a second or two.
Yes, but they will not move. When the music starts, the lights should start to move and criss-cross. If they don't, you need to turn the microphone knob volume up higher until the lights start to move. At that setting, the lights will stay on, but not move when the music stops. You need to find the right microphone setting where it moves with music and stops moving when the music stops. But the lights will always stay on regardless of whether its moving or not. I hope this helps.
Yes it can. We do this often to protect the records from our crazy kitten.
Yes - if you have Novation Dicers, you will have to remove them when you put on this cover. There are soft covers on Amazon that allow you keep your Dicers on when you cover up your tables.
Nope, this cover sits (quite snuggly) on top. You'd most likely have to remove the existing hinges to get it on. That said, the covers fit perfectly and are very durable. We use them to protect our turntables in a club.
Unfortunately, this cover will not fit the Vestax PDS 2000. This cover is specifically designed for the Technics SL-1200 and 1210. -Jenny
No It will not fit
No
Yes
I am not sure, but I can tell you that if the measurement of the Stanton are the same as the Technics SL1200 mk II, they will. I am very happy with mine and they look amazing on my system.
Yes
No, the Technics 1700 are much larger than the Technics 1200. I can strongly answers his question as an owner of both. The dust cover will not fit completely over ther whole deck to cover the pitch controls
I only know that this footswitch works on amps with one footswitch jack. I use this footswitch on an older model Studio Pro, like this model, http://www.ebay.com/itm/like/331131901560?lpid=82 Check out pictures...
Hello. We recommend this footswitch be used with the following amp modes only, as they are the ones specifically supported by Peavey: Bandit65/75/80/112 (NOT the Transtube Bandit Amps), Special 112/130/150, Studio Pro112, Envoy110, Bravo112, Classic30 Head, Classic 30/112, Classic50 Head, Classic 50/212, Classic 50/410 Classic100 Head, TransTubeEnvoy, Protege. For Y2PLAY, this item is continuously stocked. For other sellers, you would need to contact each individual seller to find out about long-term availability. Thank you for your interest!
Well i bought it for a peavey bandit 112 and it does not switch the reveb but the effects loop instead. So it depends the amp you are using with it.
This pedal remotely controls Reverb in Amp and any effects you may have between Pre Amp Out and Pwr Amp In Plugs.
7 inches tall x 16 inches long by 8.5 inches wide
I don't see why not. I bought them for my kids, but no adult can resist playing them. I don't know standard size but they feel comfortable!
Roughly 7 inches each... Good luck! We enjoy them very much.
I bought this for my daughter who plays small gigs here and there. I have been her roadie a few times and I am always amazed at the way this amp sounds. Its always easy to find a perfect balance between guitar and mic... and yes, very clear. I think it was well worth the investment.
I have used this with an electric violin, and it's awesome!!! It delivers clear, clean sound and has that "concert hall" sound.
13 1/2 X 12 X 9 3/4 and a whole lot of sound! I use mine inside small venues like restaurants and outside at farmers markets!
I have played acoustic guitars, electric guitars with a pedal/effects board, and keyboards through this amp. If it has a pickup or a line out jack, I suppose anything goes. The clarity is amazing. How a little lunch box with a six inch speaker can fill a decent sized room (like a coffee house or a diner) with such quality! volume. Not just volume, but quality! volume.
Alex, we've not tried that here in the shop, but the User Guide for the Loudbox Mini specifically states that "you may also connect an outboard preamp with balanced XLR out to this input".
I don't know but I imagine you might find it in researching it; typically, unless the price difference is huge I go with the latest technology; this may not be a situation where it's significant but might be worth looking into; good luck; it's a great little unit; I've been extremely pleased!
It is more designed for a guitar singer solo artist. So the frequency is set up for guitars It would not be my choice for cello. Also the speaker is small. You might look at a Roland KC 60 keyboard amp. It has a larger speaker and will handle the wide frequency range your cello has. It does not have fancy effects. You can get pedals for those if needed. And the price point is reasonable.
No I make sure mine is turned off
Yes, you can
Yes. Just use the master volume control on the amp.
A binder is included with the system and the song list to put into the binder. If you buy extra song chips they will also come with a list to add to the binder. Enjoy!
The platform for this type of equipment is designed for its potential use on TV or bypassed through an audio video component system. Hooking up to a PC is the tricky part... Attach USB cable to USB port on your computer. Make sure your computer USB port works and driver is installed properly to detects it otherwise it will fail. Then connect other end of the cable to the USB port of the karaoke. Plug mini jack end of RCA cable to PC. RCA Cable plugs into "line in" port of PC and the other end into "line out". There is one RED and one WHITE match colors if RCA cable jacks to colors of ports. Install karaoke system software onto your computer and follow instructions which usually auto installs the driver.
Sorry I had the English but sent it back after short period of time It started making noise I believe it was the cables but at first I loved it I hope I was some help to you have a good evening
Hi Maira whatever songs you need they have it available . Plus you can buy the chips to upload more songs
I bought the same and it's in English version. But you can buy song chips in Spanish and put it there. I hope this helps. :)
... I purchased this $250 one ... and there's nothing different ... the shipping went smoothly ... not sure why anyone would pay $400 when they have a chance to save $150!!!
Sorry no it doesn't store any loops......only your your presets setting and favorite sounds.....but if you wanna to save your loops you should go look up the tc helicon ditto and ditto 2 looper....boss rc3 , rc30, rc30 but fyi the boss pedals can be complicated or easy I own both the rc3 and rc30 but all these are great for hands free playing if your playing a instrument....but if your like me doing only beatbox/ a capella style music I use the electro harmonic 4500 or my friend are using the new roland 505 tabletop 5 track looper ....hope this help
Not at all. My daughters use it. One plays piano, the other guitar. It also syncs to the drumbeats that it "hears". Awesome device. Buy it from Amazon or guitar center so that you have 30 days if you change your mind. A few tips. They have videos on how to use this. Make sure you watch them all. It does a lot so the videos really help.
You aldo need a Mic and xlr cable ,and cable for guitar or piano to control harmony .For mic the Senheiser C835 is a good option ,96 $ in amazon
The output of the VoiceLive touch can be sent to any POWERED speaker set, or alternatively, any PA system (i.e amplifier). The outputs in the VoiceLive are both 1/4 inch balanced and XLR, but these can be easily converted into other physical connectors using standard conversion plugs. More importantly, VoiceLive Touch also has a headset output (1/8th in plug), so you can listen to your sounds immediately via headphones.
Comes in the box is the power supply (to power the unit) in addition to the vocal effects processor. You will need to connect microphone cable from the mixer to the input of this unit and connect the microphone to the output of this unit. If I understand your question correctly.
You can use any dynamic mic you want!!!
Yes it can.
1/4" male
Yes
Yes it is
Look at the upstream power level on your cable modem now. Open your browser and type your modem's IP address in the address window. It's probably 192.168.100.1. If upstream Modem power level is greater than 45 dBmV, you should use this booster. The number of TV's connected doesn't matter. The modem's upstream power level is an indication of how hard your modem is working to stay in sync with your internet provider. In my case, I tried using a booster without active return and my modem kept dropping sync with my ISP (internet service provider).
It can. But it depends if you need both the forward and reverse amplified. Without knowing what the problem is I can't answer completely. Since this is the 4 port version, I expect the other 3 are for something also??? Do those outlets also have problems?
I have two outputs that are not terminated and it seems to work fine. I have been using the device for a couple of years now.
I don't think so -- they have nothing in common. FIOS gives you a cat-5 Ethernet cable where this booster is for coax cable.
Yes. I believe the gain is independent of how many channels you use. The Motorola unit works great for me.
I had to Google what MoCA meant, but I'm betting yes cos all this adapter does is to amplify the signal strength and I can't fathom how that would cause something to not work.
I have TWC cable and internet and this works well in the house. I cable modem and 2 cable boxes. I placed this on the main line into the house splitting it out to 5 rooms, only two connections really in use though. It's been running like a champ for over 9 months now.
No
The one I purchased works well for cable. I don't think it is designed to boost the signal for satellite systems.
no. it is 120 volt
If your signal to noise ratio is above 29db then it's outstanding. If you have alot of noise on your line then the amp will amplify the noise as well as the signal. So in this case an amplifier is ok. Now your downstream power level leaves much to be desired. The closer to zero the better and at 10.5 your almost at the point where your modem can't hear the signal from the node. seeing that you have low noise on the line that tells me your coax lines are good and since your upstream db is 47 and within spec then the node can hear your modem just fine. So that tells me your drop from the pole is really long probably over 100 feet I'm guessing? In this case I would say yes this amplifier is an excellent solution to your problem, but I would stress that one you try to have a direct drop without splitters if possible because your cable tv could be the culprit here and second put the amplifier at the point of the coax entrance to your home for best performance. Good luck and I hope I helped.
Yes. It does not come with cables.
You need to look at your modem's logs. If you have a Motorola modem, then just open your browser and go to 192.168.100.1. Look in the "Signal" tab under "Upstream". If you have a different brand modem, then you'll need to check your user's manual for the appropriate IP. Hope this helps.
You use a coaxal cable to attach the power supply to the amp. The amp only passes RF, no AC or DC. You should know the RF level before using it though. It is also best to use it before any splitters.
My experience with his booster has been very positive. It pretty much solved my problem (which was similar to yours). The trick is to put it as far upstream as possible... where the signal strength is adequate (can't boost a signal that isn't there). It sounds like you have a good enough signal coming in, being the other TVs are getting a solid picture. I'm guessing the "problem" TV is at the end of a long run. You might be splitting things up too much, so the signal strength is dropping below the muting point. .. this amp should solve that. Good, solid product.
No, it is NOT normal for the booster to get hot. Mine has been in successful operation for over a year handling a good deal of traffic during the day.
The key issue I found this device fix for me is the channels dropping off due to the upstream power having to stay at the top of the range. After a period of time, the modem would drop a channel off. Are all three channels bonding consistently? The Megapath speed test (free) will show your ping, jitter, and dropped packets of your internet connection. I utilized this device only after 3 site visits by the cable company failing to correct the problem. My specific situation put the power observed between 42 and 49. I do find from time to time I have to reboot my modem still, but overall the speed and stability is much better, and I have their most premium service. I would have the cable company (using screen shots of your megapath testing) come out and address the issue, as they may tweak their system to address the ping issue. However, depending on your service provider, be ready for a difficult process. I had to purchase my own Motorola modem first to prove them wrong on their statements about my equipment (their rental unit), my house wiring, etc.
No
Yes, that's one of its primary functions.
I am not sure why it's there. That's the manufacturer. Never has gotten in my way. Great mixer.
Here is information I found regarding Pro Tools 9 and iMac. Though you are using Pro Tools 11, I'm thinking it should also work with the ZED-10FX Setting Up the Allen & Heath Zed-10FX with Pro Tools 9 on a Mac http://www.guitarplayer.com/miscellaneous/1139/setting-up-the-allen--heath-zed-10fx-with-pro-tools-9-on-a-mac/21545 Because Pro Tools cannot assign separate Input and Output paths, you need to select the Pro Tools Aggregate I/O in order to use the Zed-10FX with version 9 on a Mac. Here's how to set that up: 1. Launch Audio MIDI Setup (Applications folder -&gt; Utilities folder). 2. On the left side, select Pro Tools Aggregate I/O. 3. On the right side, you'll see the name USB Audio Codec twice. One represents Input, the other output. Click in the box next to both so you see a check mark. 4. Remove the check mark in the Resample box next to the input. 5. Close Audio MIDI Setup. 6. Launch Pro Tools 9. 7. Under the Setup menu, open the Playback Engine dialog box. 8. At the top where it says Current Engine, select Pro Tools Aggregate I/O, then hit OK. 9. Under the Setup menu, select I/O. 10. Select Input, then press the Default button to create a Stereo input path. 11. Next, create two mono paths to record your guitar by hitting the New Path button. Type in the number of mono channels you want (I chose 2), then hit Create. You should see that Input 2 and 3 have been added to the matrix. 12. On the Input 2 line, click in the empty box below the "L" so that you add an "M" below it. For the Input 3 line, click in the empty box below the "R" to add an "M". Now you've assigned your mono inputs. 13. Click on the Output button at the to of the screen and hit the Default button. You should see Built-in Output 1-2. 14. Hit OK.
I'd hook your subwoofers to your L&R speakers usually they come with that facility or some sort of DSP or crossover which will strip out the bass frequencies and make your system run more efficiently. Never really thought about using the aux but I suppose that could work under the same principal and hook one subwoofer from the other and run your main speakers from L&R. This assumes all are powered of course.
Stereo
RCA out to aux in on your receiver
The mixer gives you four mic channels and two inputs. For love acoustic it depends on how many instruments your gonna use, otherwise I would say yes.
Sorry I am not familiar with Yamaha MGP, but I am very satisfied with the zed I bought.
I do, I use Audacity to record music and vocal mix.
Yes
I ordered for my brother, I will ask him and let you know. I never used it by my self.
I have a BVT4500H on mine and they handle it just fine.I would say the 550 watt would not be a problem at all.
More a matter of taste; I use two 15" cabs. I play rock, and it gets the low end I need.
Hi Jason, From what I can tell the Behringer is 4 ohm stable so you will need two 1/4" TS speaker cables. I say speaker cables because they are heavier gauge and designed to carry an amplified signal. They are different than the guitar cable. Thanks, Rusty
The mat is 24" x 42" and is 1/8" thick
I believe you are trying to get at if it is a conductive mat. The mat is non-conductive and shouldn't be an issue. I've done a few repairs on it already where the parts I pull from the PC sit on it with no issue. As for booting up, I'm never a big fan of booting hardware up outside of a case, but it shouldn't cause an issue since it's anti-static as well.
It does not plug into the outlet or have a group wire with clip. I'm not sure of exactly what is used to make up the mat, but it's not conductive and you won't get much more info off their website but I suppose you could write them. From website: Materials: soft rubberized mat, Waterproof and anti-static. Here is their link: http://optechusa.com/work-mat.html
Mat is all the same material, front and back.
Yes, if you fold it in a U shape, it should fit in a box that is 12" x 12" x 6". It will flatten out just fine afterward. I would not recommend storing it that however. -James
No I have not, but I don't see a problem using it under a sewing/embroidery machine, it will protect your table, it is well constructed. You will enjoy using the mat.
The Mat is used for doing computer and laptop repairs it is basically used for to put on a surface to keep dirt and debris from damaging your computer and laptop parts
Hi, thanks for your question. According to the Product Page, this item "Usually ships within 2 to 4 weeks". This is the time it will take for the item to be ordered from a distributor and prepared for shipment. You can read more about our Availability Estimate Definitions in our Help Pages:
glossy black
yes, its alot lighter than a real les paul and a bit smaller, very easy to hold in lap without it sliding off.
Excellent dexterity. The frets and action along the frets are perfect for small hands and beginners alike.
I think it's a little large for an eight year old. I bought this for my daughter who's almost eight and it's definitely too big for her.
Not sure what the Behringer model is like but I had latency problems with my Imac. I would get a better Interface
They are standard electric guitar jacks 1/4" and it works great on my iMac
I could not get it to work with audacity or Rocksmith on Windows 7. Fortunately I ordered Rocksmith with the cable and it works perfect.
If your guitar is a simple one or a cheap one then yes would be my answer - assuming you mean guitar-&gt; pre amp-&gt; USB interface. If using better quality equipment or you have a humbucker pickup on your guitar then you may get too much signal resulting in some unwanted distortion.
i bought this and it didn't work . I wasted my money. I still have it sone where in a house
Same thing as this: http://www.amazon.com/Behringer-UCG102-Guitar-to-USB-Interface/dp/B000PAPO9W/ref=sr_1_9?ie=UTF8&qid=1396899044&sr=8-9&keywords=behringer+usb
I don't see why it wouldn't be, but the sound quality is so poor I'm not sure why you would. The mic on your computer will sound as good or better if you want to record through audition.
Absolutely can you do that! Plugging straight into the Line-in (or mic) socket is how I first recorded my guitar. Do this for some time and you will realise two things: 1, there is background noise or buzzing leaking into the sound and 2, you lose some of the full guitar sound. The USB guitar Link removes noise (because the sound is converted to digital) and allows more guitar sound to the recording stage. There are much better ones than this but this is the best and cheapest starting point.
It works just as well with bass, yes. I use exactly the same setup for guitar as bass, I just change the VST settings in Guitar Rig between bass and electric guitars. Hope that answers your question.
It worked fine for me. However, don't expect this device to produce studio quality recordings.
Nope. But if you got clever with mixing in a 2 to 1 splitter on the input side you should be able to accomplish the same thing. I say clever because the input is 1/4 and obviously what you plug in will be 1/8. You will also lose the stereo since the output is only mono. Still may be worth it since this sucker is pretty good at amping up and is affordable and durable.
Hi Don, There's really nothing noteworthy to hear - it simply amplifies the tone of an instrument signal, so it will sound like whatever you put into it (a clean guitar, clean bass, etc).
Sure can. Only downside is it would be in mono and not stereo, but it's still very loud. One of the loudest inline amp this small. Also I believe you need a 1/4 to 1/8 adapter.
Yes. It simply takes the place of your amp at the end of your chain of pedals.
I didn't understand how you're planing to use this item, but I use it with my bass guitar and it sounds good. I'm quit an amture in bass playing maybe a pro would think deferentially. It's size is convenient, the sound is clear, and I think you can plug it to a big speaker. Hope this answers your question =]. P.S. You can't plug an mp4 to it.
Like the 2 way explanation it means the signal is being divided into 3 frequency bands.
these are better honestly as far as spl goes. quality wise, the qscs
It means that the frequencies are split into two bands, though, with all of the tweeters reproducing the same high frequencies and all of the woofers reproducing the low frequencies. Different sound waves are reproduced better by different speaker sizes. High pitched sounds like cymbals require a speaker to move very fast to reproduce the sound, as where low frequency sounds like a bass drum or guitar require a much larger speaker to move a greater volume of air. Although you could have one speaker to do both a two-way loudspeakers breaks up the task into two speakers, each specializing in producing a specific range of sounds. This means that each speaker will do a better job of reproducing the sounds within its frequency range. (referred to as frequencies) Low frequencies usually are those below 150Hz while most speakers can produce sound as high as 20kHz.
It means that the frequencies are split into two bands, though, with all of the tweeters reproducing the same high frequencies and all of the woofers reproducing the low frequencies. Different sound waves are reproduced better by different speaker sizes. High pitched sounds like cymbals require a speaker to move very fast to reproduce the sound, as where low frequency sounds like a bass drum or guitar require a much larger speaker to move a greater volume of air. Although you could have one speaker to do both a two-way loudspeakers breaks up the task into two speakers, each specializing in producing a specific range of sounds. This means that each speaker will do a better job of reproducing the sounds within its frequency range. (referred to as frequencies) Low frequencies usually are those below 150Hz while most speakers can produce sound as high as 20kHz.
I had to return mine, the switch quit working after 2 studio sessions
No, they are riveted on to the hinges. They *can* swing out of the way to the point where they aren't really providing any reflective light.
not as of yet but I'm sure it should work with the proper battery set up
No
Yes, it has four xlr inputs. Each input has its own gain and eq levels. The four inputs can then be mastered with a master volume. As long as you have the proper xlr adapter for the sound interface I'm sure it would transfer the information of a keyboard. It simply takes four standard mic inputs; one might need some kind of middle unit or wire adapter to get the keyboard's midi output turned into an xlr input. I am personally very pleased with this system for it can function both as a practice PA for band practice or it can be rotated and turned up to be great performance speakers.
might need blowed out sounds like short
No. Its a cheap unit. It doesn't even have a cooling system.
The cables for the speakers go from "Speaker out a/b" on the back of the control unit to the back of the speakers in "Input." Then plug in the power cable.
There is nothing specified in the user guide and I also do not notice any additional inputs, jacks, etc. to support wireless microphones, so I am fairly certain there is nothing inherently in this unit to support wireless microphones. You would probably need to purchase the receiver portion for the wireless signal as well.
Yes, they have an opening on the bottom for tripod mounting
Sure does!
Only one per channel. You can find the owners manual online in pdf format to review all the specs. Search - HA120 Owner's Manual - Harbinger Pro Audio
No subwoofer out jack.
120W
The app you download is from virtualdj. Contact Numark or Virtualdj if you need any help with this. The app on the provided CD, does not work and the Manual does NOT cover the Mixtrack unit specifically. Yes you can use a Toshiba, that is what I am using. I am also using it on an Acer. Laptop is your choice, not mine, but I do agree with the first responder. A Side comment. If you have looked at the reviews of the unit on You Tube, ignore them totally they will discourage you rather than encourage you. I am a total amateur and so far I have been learning by discovery and not by any manual. This unit -to me at least- contains many fantastic effects and controls. Do some searching on the computer screen while to try the effects etc, you will be impressed as to what is possible. I found the first view trying to use the CD and enclosed manual to be very vert discouraging.
all you would need is a computer and an usb connection. install software download some acapella and instrumentals, watch so dj tutorials on youtube and that's it, he will be a great dj with practice
Well the Speakers I use for mine are the Dayton speakers which works fine for me
Yes you can.
It is not compatible with Serato as it does not have an on-board sound-card. You want to look for the "MixTrack Pro" or "MixTrack Pro II"
You can record with the DJ software onto the laptop but it doesn't have a hard drive.
No, it does not perform beat rolls. It can do ok scratching with the platters, has 3 hot cue buttons and start and stutter. it also can do basic looping funtions and Virtual Dj built in effects.
Your system needs to have two independent outputs aka two different sound cards. Some sound cards/devices have multiple outputs. I've done this with a single sound card that had a dedicated stereo jacks for surround sound. So, the PA was on the master, and the "cue" was on the "surround" channels with some EQ added to it.
Nope
You can use an external sound card ..
As far as i remember, it didn't come with any DAW software.
Yeah, shouldn't need any set up either. Just plug it in.
Hey Nick, It only comes with a USB cable to plug into your computer. That's all the power it needs, since it's only a midi controller, not your usual keyboard. Hope this helps! Steve.
No
Yes
It should be! Just need to have music software
I'm use Yosemite and it works great. I was also able to sync the keyboard with logic pro x easily.
it works for me on yosemite and i love it...
No. This is a midi controller. You need a computer with ableton, pro tools, etc. or a FM tone generator or similar.
This works well with any DAW. So long as you input the right settings in your DAW. You shouldn't have very many issues.
The product itself is 20.6 pounds, as per the description. If you're referring to the key feel, it's heavier than classic "plastic synth" keys but not nearly as heavy as the keys on a Yamaha CP or fully-weighted keys such as my older Alesis QS8. The keys also snap back quickly; there's very little sense of 'throw' in them. I wanted the range of 61 keys without having to constantly flip octaves, but as far as playing, I much prefer the feel of my smaller Alesis Q25 and wish I'd purchased the Q61 before the Axiom.
Fist, download user guide PDF from Google. U can use a usb hub (make sure it uses a power supply) to extend the inputs to PC. Use the accompanying "ignite" software to integrate with your DAW.
I never experienced any detuning problems and don't know if it is an issue with M-Audio. But given that it completely shut down on me, it is no longer in my equipment arsenal.
Mine came with Ableton Live Lite through Musician's Friend.
The midi will work upon connection of USB If you want to use the knobs, buttons, etc (highly recommended start stop, record from the keyboard) with logic X though you need to install direct link from the M Audio download page and then install in Logic via preferences/controller surfaces/setup. If the knobs still don't work go into package content (right click logic prog.) and insert the two axiom bundles into the midi device plug in folder (Mac), or check the forums to get it running. Mine works great now with the bundles in the right place. (This step needs to be done with each new update. Takes minutes. Great keyboard
No. This is called MIDI controller (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MIDI_controller) In short: it sends data to the MIDI enabled hardware sound module or software sound module. Or to the multiple. I use it with Ableton Live and software synths from Native Instruments, Arturia, Rob Papen and so.
I think about 3 feet by 1 1/2 foot and about 6 inchs at its tallest point
I am sorry I cannot answer your question. Quite simply, we returned the keyboard because of a bunch of things we didn't like, but since it was such a long time ago, I don't remember specifics. We ended up buying a Yamaha digital, and it's still being happily used to this day.
It comes with it... it's USB and the plug that goes into the keyboard is a different type of usb.
Yes. But they don't come with it.
We bought this as a gift, so I have no idea.
Yes.
I work with the developer, eMedia. There is sustain pedal input. More detailed product information can be found at our website at http://www.emediamusic.com/fdkp-61.html . Sincerely, Ellen with eMedia Customer Service
It's not heavy at all, but I'm not sure you will be able to fit it in a piece of luggage....
SS rectifier
This comes with a footswitch.
This is a perfect 1st tube amp! The tubes will last awhile - most people recommend a year or so, unless you play a TON, in which case less. Good news: tubes are (relatively) cheap. I own this amp and swapped the tubes out for Ruby tubes, and I would recommend it (although the stock tubes aren't terrible for your first tube amp). The beauty of this amp is that it's very easy to change tubes - literally anyone can do it. Just search and you will find instructions on how. You'll need a 12ax7 and 6v6 type tube. The 12ax7 you can trade out for many different kinds for many different tones. The 6v6 can also be swapped, but requires an adapter for smaller EL84 tubes.
Yes
Yes. All you need is a screwdriver to remove the rear panel.
No. The only out is for a cabinet. Great little amp. Very powerful and great tone but this is a point to point hand wired tube amp that rivals any brand. Let me say it again. It is powerful and portable and tube. Can power a 4x12
The VHT Special 6 Combo is better suited to clean guitar tones. Has lots of clean headroom and takes pedals well. I have a cheap tremolo and reverb in front of it. Sounds great. It's way too loud for your living room.
Hi bill I switched the 12ax7 to a 12au7 the tone is a little better easy to switch and I bought some harmonica pedals from lone wolf blues co I got a harp delay and harp tone helps a lot www.lonewolfblues.com
Never used it outside the US, so no opinion on that. Don't think I ever used it for longer than 2 or 3 hours, and in that case it hasn't really built up very much heat, at least nothing comparable to a tube amp.
If you are using a guitar cord from the output to the amp, you will get noise. What I do is use speaker wire which has no winding ground wrapped around the main (lead) wire. This prevents the cord from picking up outside interfernce.
No, you'll want to use the EHX adapter which is 24 volt/3 amps - it's a hunger lil' feller. From EHX's website: "The 44 MAGNUM requires a power supply capable of delivering at least 2A (more available current is better) at exactly 24 VDC."
Yes, it does.
No it should only be plugged into a speaker not another amp. It is an amazing piece of equipment though. The volume it can produce will amaze you. Just place it last in the signal chain and have it run straight to your speaker.
After going through 3 microphobes i replaced ours with a different brand, so far so good. Did you check the manufacturer website for a power cord? I know they have them on ebay.
It plugs into your tv for viewing the lyrics.
Yes comes with a cord. My granddaughter used it right away. I am in contact with manufacturer as the microphone is very weak. They sent me some things to try but I think it's just a weak microphone. Must be no further than 1 inch from child's mouth. Not excited about something electrical being that close to her mouth. Hope I helped.
hm. maybe radio shack? id take it in to an electronics store and ask if they have. or contact the manufacturer.
Yes
No it can't,cd's only
Yes.
I don't know anything about the SML-283P, but this one has worked very well for almost 2 years now. The microphone is poor and its difficult to pick up ones voice. I suggest this machine but buy another microphone.
Yes, it does come with a mic. But it does have 2 mic plug ins, so I also bought an additional mic.
Yes
Yes, you can listen to all other tracks that are not recording. Just need to select tracks 9-16 and set the ones you want to listen and volumes, later set back 1-8 and prepare them to record. As Eroach said bfore, the only thing is that you may record max 08 simultaneously , due to the limited inputs (08)
If I understand your question is: can one record instruments to different channels and then later add multiple vocals to remaining tracks. If that's the question, the answer is yes: you "arm" the tracks you want to record to (light above each turns red), disarm those you want to play (light above should be green) and then use the record function, recording to the armed tracks while the R24 plays from the disarmed tracks. You would want to record each vocal track in turn (even if you have more than one vocalist) to avoid bleed-over from one vocal track to the next. Also, if you don't want a particular track to play, press the button above it until there is no light. The track is still there; it just won't be played. I hope this answers your question.
The Zoom ships with a version of Cubase LE for both Mac and PC. You can get a upgrade from the Steinberg website for at a discounted price as well. If you're looking to see if your Mac is fast enough or has the required RAM for Cubase LE, then you'll have to check out the system requirements that are on the Steinberg.net site.
Not sure what that is but does work with protools as an interface device. It also works when emulated as a midi controller. You should be able to emulate with anything. Took me a few days to get it working on protools but working great now.
No
Yes. It saves each track as a separate was file on the ad card.
If you are using the drum samples that come included on the USB drive that ships with the unit, the answer is NO. Those are static drum samples at certain bpm time signatures that can only be imported. If however you are using the onboard drum machine on the unit, the answer is YES. It behaves very similar to a standalone drum machine like the alesis sr16, in that you can control the time signature and bpm for each drum track you create. Keep in mind that the drum sounds are "just ok", mothing really spectacularly professional sounding. But they sound alright when you process with onboard eq, compression and effects and if nothing else its great for scratch padding and laying down ideas. Hope that helps
I use the R24 to record live shows all the time. I use "Y" connectors/ splitters to take the signal off ahead of my board (as I don't have direct outs from my mixer/amp). This approach also gives me the advantage of being completely independent of the trim levels on the board. You can either mix down from the board or (what I do), import the audio files into Audacity or Logic Express (or any other sound editor) and mix from there. Feel free to check out youtube: LimeyInSD for videos wherefor about 1 year I've used the R24 to record the audio for about 1 and sync'd the results up with video footage to get an idea. Alternatively wolfflive.com and drivineast.com will get you to the same videos (possibly more efficiently). Good luck!
There's no CD drive but it has a slot for an SD Card and a USB port, so it can store up to 32 GB of data.
I feel you! The Tascam will be better if you plan to do all mixing on the one unit. In my case the R24 was better because its more compact lighter and ultimately I finish my mixes in pro tools. R24 gives me enough to mix on the move but for stationary recordings Tascam may be the better option with the nice screen. Good Luck! Either way you shouldn't be disappointed.
The video review says 16 feet I think
Yes. I live in Hawaii and have used several sets through a couple of holiday seasons. Instead of utiizing the 3M foam tape on the back, I just use cable ties to attach everything to my lanai railings. Rain and sun haven't had any observable effect. Do be careful not to put kinks or abrupt bends, and (if binding as I do) don't pinch the strip too tightly.
I can't remember what they are rated for but as long as the battery source provides enough amperage for the amount of LEDs, sure.
sn-1 guitar & bass ,, sn-2 all instrument ,, sn-5 guitar bass & viloin ,, sn -6 ukelele tuner ,, sn - 8 all instrument tuner ( this one has a tighter grip ! )
snark tuners work with any guitar. it doesn't matter if it is acoustic, classical or electric and you do not need an amp. clamp tuners get the vibrations of the strings and show you what note are playing as 1e 2b 3g 4d 5a and 6e
It shows you exactly what ever key you want by just tuning and watching as it goes down or up Half or whole. Example E down to D#. Very easy tuning. Heres a site you can check, www.guitartricks.com/forum/showthread.php?t=39194
Works great on my steel string and uke.. I don't see why it wouldn't
It comes tuned. We started using it right away and it does great even with other instruments playing in the background!
The tuner itself is great, but I would buy a separate metronome myself.
I can only speak for myself, but I haven't had any issues with my guitar's finishes.
No
Snark makes a violin tuner. Go to their website and see which model it is. Personally I have a ukulele tuner from snark and really like it. Small, accurate and easy to use. Love the big color display.
One CR2032 (3 volt) lithium battery
Yes it does
All you need to know is that you clip this onto the head (top of where all the tuning pegs are) and then you strum each string and mske sure they make the tuner green. Use the corresponding pegs for each string and turn it up or down to get the note to the appropriate level. Minimal guitsr knowledge really required.
Yes, it will work on any instrument.
I presume it would work as long as you have somewhere you can clip it and also see it. It works by feeling the vibrations in the instrument. My wife tried it on her flute and it worked, although she couldn't see it while she was playing so that made it useless for that purpose...
Yes I have one
Yes. Yes it will.
Not Sure! We Use It For A Ukelele. Out Just Picks Up The Sound/Tone Of The Note You Are Playing So Out Should Work But I Assn Not 100% Sure
One watch-size battery
Works on all instruments.
yeah it works good for banjo that's what I play
What app for are you using and what os will not work without a compatible app like andrig for android or irig for Apple iPhone etcetera
You may have to take ur case off... Or get a male to female 1/8 inch extension that is minimally covered...
I am not familiar with pandora, or Spotify, but I use an iPhone 5s and the app By Positive Grid called JamupPro XT. And with this app it has a jam box, a sample machine and an 8 track studio as well as 1st and formosr some of the most amazing amp models I've ever seen. The triple rec model actually sounds better Than my racount dual rectifier preamp and 90/90 Mesa power amp and 4x12 cabinet. But to answer your question, with this app I can access everything in my iTunes library and jam along with it, record that, add 8 tracks more, and reload it back to iTunes. Hope this helps !!
I have an iPad and I don't use the "required" app, but if you can download the required app, I'd say it'll work perfectly fine! Sorry I can't be for certain!
No. I use external speakers when I want to use it out loud.
This is not a iOS only cord. It is a plug and play to all my devices.
No
Yes, It will only transmit the sound that is played through the cable.
U may want to check what app u are using. Additionally, check the connector on your guitar and make sure it isn't loose. As a last measure make sure the battery in your guitar, if it requires one, is good. Also make sure u have headphones plugged in to the cord or I won't hear anything. If that all fails, test the cord out some other way with another device ....the cord could possibly be defective. Mine worked wonderfully tho.
It will not work through the big plug, it's not wired that way. Unless you have other reasons for using this particular cable, you would be better off buying a patch cable like this http://www.amazon.com/Cables-Unlimited-AUD-1100-06-Stereo-Cable/dp/B000SE6IV8/ref=sr_1_3?s=electronics&ie=UTF8&qid=1399288600&sr=1-3&keywords=3.5mm+audio+cable and a mono 3.5mm to 1/4" adapter. You could buy the adpaters for this wire, but go from the 'headphone out' jack to the amp.
YES IT CAN!!!!! If you look at the section where your "tone/pattern/song bank" buttons are you will see the word TUNE colored in white with a line to both the tone button and a line to the pattern button. You have to push both the tone and pattern buttons simultaneously and your keyboard will show the function on it's display. Using the "minus and plus" buttons located on the numeric keypad, you can adjust it up or down. The instruction booklet even explains this folks.
6 pcs AA size batteries like this. http://www.amazon.com/eneloop-typical-Pre-Charged-Rechargeable-Batteries/dp/B004UG41XW/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1387308375&sr=8-1&keywords=eneloop
You don't need the adapter, it runs on batteries but this is the adapter if you want it http://www.amazon.com/Casio-ADE95-Keyboard-Power-Supply/dp/B004G7O1Z8/ref=sr_1_1?s=musical-instruments&ie=UTF8&qid=1370477947&sr=1-1&keywords=AD-E95+adapter
It does not come with a microphone and I don't see a jack for one. It appears that the only plug-in is for an MP3 player.
This keyboard is a VERY small keyboard. Its about 23" long and about 7 and a half inches wide. Hopefully these measurements are what you're looking for. If you have any more questions about this keyboard i would be more than happy to reply!
This is not a professional keyboard. There is no MIDI capability.
I don't know if I would call it portable. It is about 25 inches long and lightweight. I can see throwing it in for a car trip, but I'm not sure if you would want to take up suitcase space - definitely not carry on. Hope this helped.
Sadly no, there are only two ports, one for head phones and the other for an adaptor.
Yes, the melody could be played with one hand. However, if you want to play with one hand and have a one finger chord system for the bass, I would suggest going up a notch or too to a larger keyboard. They do not cost that much more, and you can set up a base with the touch of a button on the larger keyboards. If you just want melody, and can only use one hand, this is an easy and fun instrument.
I'd say the sound quality is pretty decent for a small keyboard. I find it useful as something portable when I need a keyboard, but am away from my piano, and for adding synth sounds to compositions, but I wouldn't use it for, say, piano lessons - not enough keys, and the touch is not like a real piano - doesn't have that "weighted" feeling. All in all, though, a very handy little keyboard.
The Anthem comes with 5 parts which need to be attached: Saddle Transducer, Microphone, Battery holder, 1/4" female Jack/Strap holder, and the Sound Control Mechanism. This Electric Acoustic System works with just about any conventional standardized single circle, Sound Hole Acoustic Guitar. I suggest you consult with any qualified professional Luthier for installation questions, as LR Baggs warrantee issues will require it. I love mine - had the first one replaced which went bad after about 6 months, but LR Baggs responded well and quickly after I showed the Luthier installation receipt. Good Luck if you go down this path and make sure you get an Acoustic Guitar Amplifier, and not an Electric Guitar Amp. Once you hear a Good Electric Acoustic Guitar, it is hard to go back to just Acoustic.
Hi, No. It will not work.
My hunch is no. It involves drilling a couple of holes and probably sanding the saddle. I took mine to a professional and don't regret the decision.
You can but I wouldn't unless you have tools necessay
The Anthem is a better choice overall because it gives you a wider choice of tones overall between the piezo under saddle pickup and the internal mic. Feedback depends on positioning and playing style, but I have found you can control The Anthem better. You can get some great low end with the internal mic.
Because of the volume control that mounts inside the sound hole you would probably need to trim the sound the soud hole cover. I have the lr baggs anthem in my Larrivee om 09 without a sound hole cover and hade no feedback issues what so ever. My guess is if you can trim the sound hole cover to fit the sound hole with the volume control it would sound just as good.
I have a Taylor with the ES, and then i put this LR BAGGS on a $300 yamaha-- the Yamaha now sounds better (plugged in) and is my guitar of choice. I was blown away by the sonic quality of this pickup. (I am a church worship leader)
It can be installed in any acoustic guitar with a saddle.
No it's to small and it will tip over the legs are too fragile.
Yes, the mic clip comes off and you should be able to attach your mic. The only issue is that the Apogee may be a bit heavy for the stand.
You could put this stand on something to get you to the appropriate height and as long as you have a condensing mic or standard that fits in the holder provided you're ok. It would be a fairly fixed position, which you can work with to record but overall a stand with more range, boom or flexed would give more flexibility.
Negative, the michrophone is too thick to fit in the holder.
I believe so...Providing the Mic that you are using is not to heavy!
as long as u dont bump it with something else, yes i guess.
I have used it with both a corded mic and a wireless mic with the proper head without any problem. the head on it is a little to small for the wireless.
Something is wrong. I have one and it remains when placed.
It's small. Good for a podcast . I wouldn't put anything super heavy on it. I put a sure58 mic on it.
No a got the pr 40 and don't work sorry
I'm using it on a desktop and it is great for that. It's made to be fully Apple compatible, so it should work for you. I've had my Mackie mixer for fifteen years of shows and home recordings and it's never let me down, so I think the Mackie interface is a safe bet.
Like a champ. No changes in performance since upgrade.
YES. MINE CAME WITH A CABLE.
No it's not 10 pounds! It probably weighs 2 or 3 at most! You should be fine!
It accepts xlr and 1/4 inputs to record, but you are limited to 1/4 outputs for playback.
Yes
Just upgraded tonight, Mackie is working like a champ.
Hi Hannah, I have the "big brother" version of this interface, called the Onyx BlackBird and I can tell you with quite a bit of certainty that your problem is NOT with the actual interface, but rather with your use of it. The pre amps in your Onyx Blackjack are the same as the pre amps in the bigger version that I have and let me tell you, they are phenomenal! Pristine! You did a great job picking out a small USB interface for yourself! From the little bit of info that I have on your situation, which is really next to none.. I believe your problem is improper gain staging. Go google "gain staging for the home studio". You're most likely setting your mic pres too hot and recording into your DAW at a level that is too hot, as a result. It's called clipping, and in the digital world, it is a big NO NO. Hope this helps, happy recording, Hannah! Also, as a side note: try to record at the highest resolution that your interface/DAW/computer will let you! This will ensure that you are getting the most out of your set up that you can. If you don't know what that means, go do some more research. Jim G.
I am reasonably sure this will work fine on your mac because they are bias toward mac. I use audition and sound forge and get stellar recordings for our work. It's the playback through the unit that is the problem so we have graduated to a motu audio express . A bit more money but a lot more performance. Buy it through amazon and try it. If you have problems send it back.
Are you monitoring via DAW? That will inherently cause latency because it has to go through the AD/DA converters (plus whatever latency is induced in the DAW). Its unavoidable if you need to monitor an effected signal, but if you just want to monitor the dry signal, turn up the "To Mon" knob and mute the track you are recording in your DAW. The input monitor sends it to the monitors before any AD conversion, so the latency is practically zero (i mean...its whatever time it takes to travel through the cables which is zero latency to human ears).
Yes, you just plug it to your phone and plug your headphone to irig and thats it.
From my knowledge they should be the same, but I'm not sure. It's a normal guitar reviewer and then headphone jack plug in.
Not sure I use it to plug my guitar into amplitube on ipad
Depends of which one. I use it with my Galaxy Note 4, and I love it. Works flawlessly.
Yes you can use it with headphones
According to the manufacturer, yes.
I don't know. I connect the iRig straight the my iPad to my guitar.
You can do both; this is more of a software question - the iRig is hust an adapter; it works with GarageBand, JamUp, Gallien-Kruege, and others.
Yes!
I honestly don't know. You can export music that you recorded, since its an apple product I'm sure you can use mp3 format probably not .wav. You can also import music and disable the vocals and play along with the song or keep the vocals. I have the free recording version which is limited, and I don't have the studio thing downloaded. I don't know much about the recording its 8 tracks you can bounce or layer tracks as well, it has reverb pan left or right and some other stuff. Since I've bought this I've been exploring amp and pedal sounds mostly.
Any strap you like. Always get strap locks to go along with your strap. :)
No. I've tried and the pickup is too weak.
I would say not.. But I'm not sure with it being a inexpensive guitar..but it played awesome right of the box and have enjoyed it ever since.
If you're asking what type of wood the guitar is made from, the manufacturer lists this information in the description. The body is Spruce, fretboard is Rosewood, and neck is Maple.
Yes, it has a standard phono jack for the passive pickup. I have not tried it though as I am using it as a travel guitar due to its narrow body profile.
The gig bag comes with picks and the allen wrench for adjusting the neck. As for a tuner recommendation, I use a chromatic tuner made by First Act, but there are several good ones on the market.
Really depends on your style of playing however medium guage would be my recommendation
If you're asking how long the guitar is, it's 401/2"
Boyfriend says it absolutely does!! Enjoy!!
Length: 40 3/4" - Width: 15 1/2" - Thickness 3 1/4"
The action is actually a little high on this and similar models (this is my second one . . . first was a Jay Turser label). Wouldn't be too difficult to have the action lowered though.
I have just played Rocksmith 2014 and the guitar worked with the game.
Yes, there is a plastic pick guard.
If she is left handed, yes! Sturdy and sleek design. Easy to hold.
I was told it wasn't that hard to get it put together. Basically I think it was pretty together when it came.
It does not! U can install one as i did with no problem. It does play awesome!
It will if you use it for a hammer. Seriously though, if you let it warm in the box for a day before opening it, it should be alright.
I went to my local music store and got a slim line case for it. Cost was $80 USD. It fits like they were made for one another.
Sorry, can't help you regarding casino
Hi Chris, When I ordered these machine heads from the USA (I am in Australia), Amazon sent the wrong ones to me TWICE!!, so I purchased them from elsewhere. I have a Takemine EN10NW and the full sized heads would fit on this guitar, I'm not sure about the G series. Good luck, they are great machine heads.
they should! u may need to drill new holes(which any luthier can do easily) but all you need to do is see if the shape matches your current tuners!
Don't know. Ask at stewmac.com
I Have Tuned a 4 String Bass, Mandolin, Violin and 6 string Guitar with this tuner. I believe it can be used to tune a 7 or 8 string Guitar.
If there is a place on the auto harp for the tuner to clamp on it will work ok.
I have not tuned a Viola, But I have tuned a Violin, Banjo, Mandolin and Guitar and have be satisfied with the results.
No, this tuner only uses the vibrations. There is no microphone on it to my knowledge.
It's chromatic and shows the note actually played. As long as you know the notes you want, it is incredibly accurate. If you want one that displays open tunings in the way that the early tuners only displayed E-A-D-G-B-E when "guitar" was selected, this doesnt' have modes for open tuning and won't do that to my knowledge.
It has no metronome See the Peterson website
I dont know about the saxaphone but when tuning the guitar the display was so erratic ,your better off with a tuner that is digital that has a light that comes on when you get it in tune.The display just kept jumping, it drove me crazy. Look on YouTube for tuners that have demonstrations you will find one for one third of the price. Oh, the answer is yes it will tune the saxaphone but with great annoyance to you.
That I'm not sure because I Play 6 and 12 string Guitar. I don't see why it wouldn't because I've used Peterson Tuners for over 35 years now. I have a few from over the years that I've used on stage and in the Studio. This clip-on I only used on My Martins while I'm on stage. It is a very good tuner and I don't see why it wouldn't work on any Open Tunings...... ~Pepper~
The warranty is for one year after delivery to buyer.
There is a "phones" jack.
6 AA Size
Im not sure if you can do that as this amp only has an guitar imput jack and a headphones in not to mention the microphone in. If you run it from headphones to your presonus then you should be able to record no problem.
The quality of sounds sucks. They sound muzzled.
Need a amp but they dont work don't waste your money. I waste my money getting i trought them in the trash.
You need a receiver In order to make these speaker work. Controller or S4 to receiver and receiver to speaker with speak wires.
standard raw speaker wire or cables with 1/4" jacks
I ordered 2 speakers,and it was sold as a pair. They don't look like there wall mountable, but u can mount some brackets on them and mount them that way they look light weight enough to do that.
NO..THANKS
Hello, I just measured it because I was not sure, it's 1 5/8" at the nut and highest (20th) fret width is 2 1/4. I kind of have fat fingers too and this thing has a great feel, spacious between frets and has great action. Hope that helps.
No. it's an in identified ightweight wood with a rosewood veneer.
If the nut is too high you can take the nut off and sand it down at the bottom to the desired height (some are glued in but you can pop it out with a screwdriver, and then glue it back in when you're done) or you can file down the slots in the nut until the strings are where you want them.
It is a rosewood veneer. Not solid rosewood.
I had an opportunity to play Ibanez AS73 twice. Had a better quality to its sound. But I can't comment on comparing the two, because that two times I played Ibanez it was setup for a stage performance, while I use Jay for my own practice at home. Maybe it's just I don't enough equipment to go along to compare the two.
Yes there is, it is semi hollow body guitar. This block if you will supports the pressure of the bridge and strings.
I did not buy mine from Amazon. From the day I tried my out to the day I bought it a 15 % drop in price happened. I researched these guitars and the average price is $280.00. I tried so many 335 type guitars under $1,000 and this is the best. Jay Turser is not a big name so discounts happen. Great guitar, I had trouble finding one to test beforeI bought it. I like it better than my Gibson 335, the sound and feel can't be beat.
without loosening the nut you can pull the bar to the position you want and it will stay in position.
About 1.5 - 2 pounds...based on a bathroom scale.
No afraid you can't. Has nothing to connect it to. Sorry.
Note Amazon Product Description: The deck is 20"W x 12-3/4"H, with a shelf depth of 2-1/4" that provides plenty of room to hold enough sheet music for an entire performance. This is a good size for standard music books. I am happy with the product.
It pretty much goes all the way back. Full range
about 4 1/2-5 inches.
I don't think this will work other than standing alone on a surface. It is quite heavy, the supports are not threaded and I think it will fall if mounted on an extension. You might consider a different style. Hope this helps.
Yes
Metal --- but not magnetic. Sorry.
Front to back around 9", however, keep in mind that you can adjust the distance by moving the leg. It is very adjustable. I bought one for me and one for my guitar teacher. We both love them. Hope this helps.
The lowest height I have set it at is about 18 inches.
Yes, but it can be locked down to stay in place
Yes the legs fold up and remove from the seat. The seat is one piece.
It does come off with the short post attached. But its pretty cheap. Don't buy it if you're using this as a drum throne for real. Just too cheap.
That's questionable . I bought it for my 3 year old grandson who is tall for his age and he can't reach the base pedal or the floor when he's sitting on it, but he absolutely loves it. It might be a case that I don't have it set correctly. . Sorry I couldn't be more help .
13"
Yes. With no problem.
I would say the Max (SAFE) height is about 22" + or - about a inch.
The included pedals are not very good. I use a good quality keyboard sustain pedal for the hi-hat & kick. Works great and these will last. After all, they're just an A/B switch. Hope this helps.
any standard headphone but needed an adapter to fit the plug.
Yes
Mine arrived in a plain box, with some buffering stuff, and inside all of that the product box with the pretty pictures and advertisement for the product as you would find it in a store.
No
Yes, I'm using it with 220v and works fine
The device comes with an AC-DC adaptor (9 Volts dc output). I believe there is also a box that allows 6 C size batteries, that I had never used. So the answer is you can plug the Ac adaptor to the oulet or use the drums with the 6 C batteries, that are not included.
If the product fits the size restrictions provided by the post office we will ship anywhere.
Typical set-up, the left pedal is your Hi-Hat and the right pedal is your Bass drum. Hope that helps.
Mine works for 110v Otherwise maybe you need to get transfer.
Don't know the exact weight, but it is very light.
There is an outside opening. It's not zipped and it opens about 9 inches. I can slip my music in for short trips, but it doesn't hold much. I find this forces me to keep the case and music separate which is better for your back!
Outside on top
Should fit in
Ours is set at 17.5" from the floor. I wasn't able to adjust it. I spun the seat in both directions in every combinations of knobs loosened or tightened and it did not raise or lower.
Very easy to assemble!
I don't know the actual limit. But I am 240# and have no issues. But I don't use it for drumming so that may make a difference. I use mine for precision long range bench rest shooting and with my weight it works very well. It is pretty sturdy.
It measures 3/4 of an inch in diameter.
Wish I could help! Unfortunately, the Singing Machine headquarters informed me that there are no replacement parts and no repairs for the CD+G player part of the machine. I can only use it as a speaker system with microphones now. I taped over the CD door because it is useless. Hope you can find a better answer than that. I wasted good money on this product and Singing Machine does not back up their products.
Not that I know of...It's a floor model. Relatively large. Not something I would move around a lot.
check CD some of the CD's do not provide words on screen, they have a book with them
I bought my speaker system (it stopped working as a singing machine about 5 years ago and cannot be repaired) about six or seven years ago and the iphone adapters were not yet available as far as I know. I think the newer machines have one on the more expensive models.
My husband and grandkids love this machine. You will have to buy an adaptor for your iPhone. They are available but you may have to contact manufacturers
I know of no way it can be plugged into a surround sound system. The unit I have would probably not do well in surround sound anyway. Gets a speaker buzzing noise as it is.
Yes you can Any cd will play in it.
It doesn't look like it. It has an iPod Dock & CD compartment.
It was poor quality. We sent it back
We didn't have that problem but I've heard others have. Maybe return it for another one.
I would say to call "ION" and ask them. Hopefully you'll get a better rep than I did. This product is terrible and the company (or at least representative I got that day) is even worse.
Speaker is 8 inch...
If you haven't bought it yet- DONT! I bought it for my daughters dance party and it kept cutting out during the songs. That was the only time we got to use it because it just quit working. I returned it. Very disappointed.
Contact Pennzoni. I'd be surprised if they do not sell replacement hinges.
About $58.00 with shipping if ordered with the unit
About 2-4 days
$214.00 + $61.99 shipping In Stock. Sold by Pennzoni Wood
Yes we do ship to PR for and extra shipping fee
Shouldn't be a problem if order early Monday 4th
Don't really know. I am very satified with the ones that csme with the unit.
The living hinges are $22.00 extra and just email us or call
Yes, especially if building is small. Thr sound will be push off glass and bounced back to drummer. It does get a little louder for drummer but the people facing drummer wiill nor here drums as ling as without a sheild. I use it ar church and its amazing, especially for price!
Fairly certain it does not.
G., This would ship from Texas. When I see a payment come through, it normally ships out the very same day and the transit time is 2-3 days to CA. These will go USPS Priority. Thanks again for all, Michael
I have never used the one control switchers so I can't speak for their reliability. However, I have a large pedal board that is controlled by the Moen GEC9 Commander and it works flawlessly. I have never had any performance or reliability issues with it and have nothing but positive feedback for this unit. It is a great product. There is no pause or clicks when switching and it is so user friendly. I love that I can use 2 separate chains for my effects (delay, reverb etc...) and drive pedals. Again, this is a great product.
If the fender head takes a standard 1/4 inch jack then the Moen should be able to switch channels if you use the one of the independent channels. 7 through 9. Look up the Moen manual on line. A lot of good information in there.
Yes. I have used non T-Rex cables with the chameleon. All working fine.
3,5 cm x 7,5 cm x 15 cm
the unit power input take both 110V and 220V (but you have to convert manually), so just change the power supply cable and it will work. I am currently using it outside the US and it is working fine
The 4.8 watts is the power needed for each pedal. Power = Current x Voltage. so, the current is the power divided by the voltage Ex: If the pedal is 9 volts then Current = 4.8 / 9 Current = 0.533 A or 533mA Did it help?
There are five 9v DC outputs plus one 9v AC output. Each output is 300ma. Very useful power supply.
I absolutely do recommend this power supply. I started out with a cheapo power supply from Radio Shack. Problem was, it did not provide clean power which caused my distortion pedals to be really noisy. Not only does the T-Rex Fuel Tank provide you with the voltages you need for the most common pedals, it also features noise cancelling isolated voltage outputs that keeps your pedals quiet. It's well worth the money!
The chamaleon comes with a bunch of cables in different +/- input-output and different colors to use it with pedals with positive center, or reverse polarity, etc. About the output plugs, i dont know exactly what you mean, but there is a couple cables with the size of the tube screamer input, which is smaller and different.
Zip-tie
Yes... how many of those big bulky wall warts do you want to mess with? This unit is compact and has been able to take care of every power requirement on my pedal board.
Yes, of course you can, the angled side is made like that so when you plug it to you pedals it wont disturb your pedalboard space. But you can plug boths sides to the power supply... there's no 1-way cable in the box.
I bought this for a lady friend. She is about 5' 4" and has small hands. She doesn't seem to have any problems with the neck size. It has a fairly slim neck.
There is a tuner in the guitar so you would not need a tuner. The electronics need a 9v battery though. This is a fine beginner guitar. Honestly looking back I would have gotten something else, but I was not and would not be disappointed with this guitar.
Steel strings....
Its pretty big guitar.. so i would say concert sized.
Only one knob but any guitar store can drill the second one - that is what I did for my daughter's guitar. This guitar is absolutely beautiful!!!
Put a 9 volt battery in, push the button to turn it on, pluck the string
It should fit in a fairly standard case. It was a bit tight at first, tight as in snug, but not so tight I was worried about putting to much pressure on it. Then after only a few times of fitting it in my case molded its self to fit much easier.
No
It's just a bag; but a mighty nice one at that. It holds all the components of my two-tier keyboard stand. Not the heaviest of material but for light duty, not a world tour, it should get the job done for you.
came in a small box and its weight was 2.45 pounds
Yes!!!!
There is no brand name on the bell kit unit, the stand, the mallets, the drum sticks or the drum practice pad, or even the canvas gig bag. The percussion method instruction book is Hal Leonard, Inc., but I'm pretty sure I ordered that separately. My impression has been that these are mass-produced kits marketed primarily to schools, not so much in the commercial marketplace. It was birthday gift for my wife, who claims she wants to learn to play xylophone/marimba, but I decided to go minimal instead of $600 plus for a real marimba, and that's been justified by her lack of zeal to practice enough to really play well. the unit is adequate for learning, but it's necessary to adjust the individual plates occasionally so that they "ring" instead of "tink" or "bonk."
It screws in like the practice pad so it sits securely and safely on the stand.
Yes , you have to have the SM10 unit to snap on to it. Great if you have two or more helmets so you can switch between them.
I actually have a mount on my full face helmet and then purchased this set to put a mount on my 3/4 helmet so I can use it on either helmet. We love having the mounts on both sets of helmets and then we always have communication. I have purchase 4 of these sets.
this model can have multi conference with multiple telecom, bluetooth devices and other telecom the SMH5-02 is limited to a dual com... meaning can only have a conversation with another telecom but not a multi conference with several telecom.
By the way, the Sena SMH-A0302 that is shown here is great for full-face and modular helmets. If you have an open-face 3/4 helmet, the SMH-3A0301 is a better choice because of it's fixed boom mic. The SMH-A0303 would work best for shorty 1/2 helmets that have open ears because you would use your own earbuds since your ears are covered by the helmet. I've never used an audio set-up on a 1/2 helmet so I don't know how well it would work, but I do recommend the first 2 products.
Yes, it does work with the SMH-10. Go to the SENA website and look at accessories for the SMH-10 and you will see the SMH-A0302 listed.
it does but you will have a lot of wind noise!
I understand what you want to do, because I did the same thing. I did not use the microphone on a cable I use the detachable boom mike. It works great! I have the same helmet. I sandwiched it between the cheek piece and the other piece. The end of the boom mike has a round Velcro and sticks to the material of the helmet. If you want pictures let me know.
No, you cannot use this system alone with a cellphone. You must have the Bluetooth unit which mounts on this clamp kit.
It comes with a recharging cord. One end plugs into the Sena, the other end into a USB port. So you can charge them off your phone charger or any USB charger (either a 12V auto charger or the kind you plug into a wall outlet).
I use an iPhone, so I don't have first hand experience with the Nokia Lumia. But the Lumia 720 specifications claims support for the same set of Bluetooth protocols that the iPhone and Sena SMH10 use. That suggests that they will work together.
Hi Scott, On the voltage label on my unit reads " 98 - 240 V/AC. 50 - 60 Hz " So yes I received the multi-voltage version. Hope this helps.
Hi Debi D, Yes it can be on the floor. I've used it on top of a box, about 12" off the floor, and someone came up to me and told me he liked the light very much. I usually use it on top of a speaker stand, about 7' high only. The light display coverage angle is very wide, almost 180 degrees. Regards from Vancouver, Canada
Don't know might won't work either
For us it didn't work unless the speakers were sitting right NEXT to the microphone on this unit. Our wedding is indoor/outdoor, and even with the loud speakers out there it didn't work well at all. I ended up purchasing a much cheaper little strobe light, and it works way better. They have a setting that works with sound (and it works better than the microphone with this light), but you can also use it in auto mode which doesn't require sound to function. Here's the light: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00CFEO082/ref=oh_details_o00_s00_i00?ie=UTF8&psc=1. I bought two just to make sure we have enough light, etc...but I think I could have gotten away with 1. We are so much happier with this cheaper light!
XLR cable, that's it.
All you will need is 2 big screws .
I would check three things.. is there enough bass.. is the sensitivity adjustment correct and is the master / slave switch in its correct setting. Mine came with it in slave mode and I had to switch it to master.
It reached the ceiling of a middle school gymnasium and was totally visible, although it is definitely more impressive in a smaller venue. I love this light, and don't think you'll be disappointed.
Check out a YouTube video to see correct light sequencing, but it sounds like it's probably broken. I had 2 faulty units before I contacted Eliminator directly and they sent me one that worked properly.
Not nearly long enough!
Laminate vs solid wood top
All Voyage-Air Guitars have a truss rod adjustment. String height is set by a Luthier at the company before each guitar is shipped out. It is set at normal height and tension. You might want to lower or raise it depending on your preference. Once this guitar is in playing position, you treat it like any other guitar. Strings stay about 98% in tune. You just need to tweak it a bit. Thanks, Rick
Don't know, but I'm sure glad you did your research as I was thinking of buying. Won't now because they could make you check it with regular checked luggage.
the traditional 1 3/4". Visit their excellent website for all the specs.
sure it does
I no longer have the box, but it wasn't particularly heavy, nowhere close to your 32. It's a question for the vendor.
They will claim you don't need to but in reality it does need a quick tune. Not a problem though. It is a great fun guitar.
Yeah. It is an acoustic that is plugged to an amp. It sounds just like an acoustic, just amplified.
I have owned many guitars and this one I have is normal. Some touch up tuning is normal with any guitar effected by the age of the strings, how much it is played and temperature variations and changes - the AC, the heat and temp changes. The touch up tuning of a large dreadnaught body is subject to the same factors. I will say that this guitar has a natural big sound even with a smaller body -which was surprising to me, the cut away is also nice for working the high notes. It is a steal for the cheap price and even my other guitar friends are impressed with it.
Tying a strap to the neck looks dorky and makes it hard to get the strap on and off. For about 75 cents US, you can go to your local music store and buy a "strap button" -- a little hourglass-shaped piece of metal with a hole through the middle. Just screw the strap button to the guitar and TA-DAA! That's it, you're strapped! Example: http://www.amazon.com/Jim-Dunlop-Strap-Button-Single/dp/B000X31R2E The goal here is to attach the strap button to the center of the "heel" of the guitar (the heel is the part of the back of the neck where the wood swoops down to join the back of the body; Google has some pictures of it). Nowadays I use a drill to make a starter hole for the screw, but if you're lacking power tools and fairly patient, you can just use the screw itself to drill its own screwhole, as follows... DIY INSTRUCTIONS: Position the point of the screw touching the center of the heel where you want to start the hole, then hold the screw there with one hand and use the other hand to turn the screw clockwise with firm pressure, so the threads of the screw drill themselves into the wood. (You may need pliers or tape etc to hold the screw in the right place at the right angle until you get it going. Also a screwdriver DUH.) Drive the screw in about halfway then unscrew it and take it out, then use that same hole to screw the strap button to the guitar, driving the screw all the way in this time so it holds the button snugly onto the wood. This was how I attached the strap button to my first acoustic guitar in 1981 and to many many others in between. (I admit I put a few scratches on the heel of my first guitar from the screw tip slipping around before I got it started in -- and before I discovered pliers & tape -- but nobody ever saw that part of the guitar anyway.) (I suppose you could also just have them install the button at the place where you buy it, but stuff like that never occurred to me as a kid.) Strap buttons usually come with the screw included, but if yours doesn't, find a wood screw skinny enough to go through the hole in the button but with a head big enough to stop it from going all the way through, at least 1 inch long and I usually go at least 1.5 inches. As long as you're close to the fat middle of the heel and use a thin screw, you won't split the wood or anything, and the guitar should hang fine around your neck. And strange as it sounds, you'll feel closer to your guitar afterward, knowing you mutilated it yourself. I did, anyway. But whether you install it yourself or have it done for you, don't be a dweeb -- forget them silly knots and get you a strap button! .
Mine did not. Did buy a separate cable. It did come with some picks and a gig bag. Nothing great but fine.
Steel
I believe that it is possible, and any good and reputable guitar shop can handle this task for you easily. As for 'tuning', I'm guessing that you're looking for someone to tune your guitar for you. Don't pay anyone for this - here at Amazon, look for a small device called a 'Snark.' It is a guitar tuner that simply clips onto the head of the guitar, you turn it on, and start plucking the low, or 'E' string while watching the Snark. As you approach the correct tuning, the 'E' will start to show on the face of the Snark. When the little digital 'dial' aligns itself in the top center of the screen, then you are in tune for that string. A Snark will cost you less than $20.00, and allow you to tune the strings from the bottom to top to E,A,D,G,B, and D. Hope this helps.
No....but a basic good guitar for acoustic or electric acoustic. ..
I would say middle. Took very little tuning and sounds great plucked, strummed....with or without amp. Smooth, no unwanted vibrations or buzzing.
I'd think that this particular guitar IS the beginners 'kit'. But if you like and need help tuning your guitar, then I'd suggest getting a device called 'the Snark.' It simply clamps onto the head-stock of the guitar and for probably less than $20.00, it's a great little piece of tech that really does help tune your guitar. I use one on my violin, mandolin, guitar, bass, dulcimer, and any other stringed music maker you might have or get in the future. Hope this helps some.
It's really just an acoustic guitar that has a 1/4" jack so I can be plugged into an amp. You couldn't really shed with any distortion on this because it only has one pickup. Does this help?
Yes it has electronic pickup, a 1/4 inch jack for an amp cable & volume & tone controls. Plays well acoustically & amplified.
The bridge is natural.
Both are great. Especially for this price you can't go wrong. It's not gonna be comparable to a $400 acoustic guitar but it can't be beat at its price. I bought an electric guitar as well and now I'm thinking about selling that because I use this all the time over that. :)
No, this guitar has "passive" electronics.. There are only two slider switches for the pickup, master volume , and a master tone .. It's passive because there are no batteries required, there is no "pre-amp" .. Very simple , when plugged into your amp that's all you get, it sounds great with the E,A,D,and G strings when your playing... However the tone for the B,and high E strings is very very weak ..even when your tone switch is maxed out on the guitar... Over all it's good for what is is... Hope this helps !
Hey John, this is actually my first guitar and I have had it for almost a month and I love it. I am using it with the game rocksmith and it sounds amazing for a guitar that cost $80. I even had a buddy of mine check out the guitar and he loved it. This is a perfect guitar for a beginner. I don't think you will regret it.
It's very pretty and sounds great - I would recommend it
No sir
full size acoustic/elec. made by Jameson. Yes some come with gig bags , picks etc. Some sell as just a guitar alone you have to talk to seller.
Hi! The guitar is designed to have just the one strap button. For proper balance, the other end of the strap is supposed to tie behind the nut. Thanks!
No
This guitar is a steal at the price. Good sound and good tone and a good fit. Am very pleased with this Jameson guitar. Haven't tried it through an amp yet, but sounds great acoustically.
Yes it will work with Rocksmith.. BUT .. the audible acoustic and latency from Rocksmith may slightly interfere with your learning. In other words you're probably going to hear a delayed response from your TV.
Hi, the R.W.Jameson is a nice looking guitar and It plays well, and the Kalos looks very good too, but I've never played one. What I would try in that general price range in a $50 Rogue, or the $79 one is good too (prices are approximate). Rogue surprised me with it's quality and sound. I have a 20 guitar collection and my go-to acoustic guitar is the Rogue, over a Gibson and a Takamine! I think Amazon sells them, otherwise Musician's Friend. I think.
Caliper measures 1.680 Whatever fraction it corresponds to ??
what?
The short answer is Yes. This guitar comes with a built in passive pickup which can be plugged (via the proper cabling and possibly D/I box) into any mixer on the market. In most church PA systems, the proper cabling will already be in place, so all you have to do is plug a 1/4" cable into the pickup on the guitar, and the other end into a D/I box, or a 1/4" input on your mixer, and away you go.
Yes
Not sure, but it is very thin, so make sure its for the right thickness. I believe the dimensions are in the details.
Yes! This guitar is amazing. My husband has a Taylor and he likes playing this one just as much. We got this for our daughter, and she has learned all the chords, and actually plays for hours at a time. I'm sure you will be VERY pleased!! Best of luck with your new guitar, you will not regret buying it. Happy playing!
you're probably asking the wrong person. I found it very easy to play, an easy touch for chords. The touch seems well balanced throughout the fretboard.
LPs will fit inside their jackets. There is plenty of room.
It's brushed aluminum, very light, quite durable.
It is hinged but in a way that you can remove the top completely if desired.
Yes. You can read a review of the product as used on an iPod Classic here: http://reviews.cnet.com/mp3-player-accessories/blue-microphones-mikey/4505-6519_7-33529087.html
I could not get it to work properly with anything I own.
I'm not sure, about using it with Voice Memos; I never tried that. But the BlueFire app is free, and works really well.
According to the description, it should: "Compatibility Second Generation Mikey features the "Made for iPod" certification. It works with most iPod models, including iPod touch (1G, 2G, and 3G), iPod nano (2G, 3G, 4G, 5G), iPod classic, and iPod 5G. It can also be used with the iPhone (versions 3GS and earlier)."
Works with my Nano and I have had it for years!
Probably ... there's no problem recording audience noise during a concert.
I use a recorder called Fire. There are several single and multitrack recorders in the App Store that work fine with the Mikey and 3GS, it just depends on your application. Google a couple of the apps and they have YouTube demos for multitrack recording of instruments and news capture and even field audio to support bad video camera audio.
As far as I know, it doesn't work with any of the latest apple stuff. The main fault of this product is its very limited compatibility. I would like to see a mic that works with any apple gadget it can plug in to, but that's not what Blue have produced. In fact, it only works with a few iPods - all old models - so I wouldn't recommend it.
If you bother to read the title, it says, "iPhone 3GS or earlier." What does that tell you? There's also a listing for a new version that works only with the iPod touch 4 Gen and iPhone 4/4S.
no it doesn't it only works with that Mikey digital
No
I am at work, not sure of size but it's 120 V.
Hey Malik, it doesn't have a headphone jack. However, what you can do is to purchase and adaptor that connects your headphones to the amplifier. They are cheap, check them out!
It's a regular-size electric guitar, so unless you think most guitars you'd find in a guitar store are too small, I'd say no.
Yes, it comes with a tuner that you blow into , sort of like a harmonica, and out comes the note. It does not, however, come with an electronic tuner.
No...it's an electric guitar. It can be played without the amp turned on but the sound quality and volume would not sound acoustic. If you're interested in acoustic sound you might want to look into buying an acoustic guitar that you can plug into an amp.
righty
I bought this for my son, and he said no...hope this helps .
Hi this is Rudy, answer to your question, I believe is about 39 to 42" inches long my son is 5' 8
Yes steel strings, NOT plastic.
Bad news, I asked the folks over at wow because I want the same thing and got an unsatisfactory answer. The best they have is pack 4 which they say has a whopping 39 songs. Sorry. Good news!!! I figured out how to make my own. Basics are you get the video from a source try www.karaoke-version.com/karaoke_free/ in 'Windows Media Video' (WMV) format. Then use the process that starts on page 30 to convert the wmv to a format that works with the concerto pro2 which is the .avi format. Copy those files to the appropriate directory in high speed SD card, I got a 32Gb max card for 29 bucks at Costco, you can probably get it cheaper here I didn't want to wait, then put the card in the side of your concerto pro, power it up and select the SD card button on the remote. I have successfully done this with other karaoke videos that are WMV files that play on my computer. Now all I need are 50s thru 70s karaoke videos. Let me know if you are interested in sharing the cost maybe we can work something out. I am still trying to find a cheaper source for the karaoke videos.
You can buy here in amazon or electronics store sometimes in thrift store (used) .
1067 filipino songs
This have an input of either 220V or 110V. Depending on where you are at... You have to get the right connection for it to plug in to the wall outlet.
cancel
You cant there is no settings for that. The only thing you can do is change it to slide show picture mode.
That should not happen if you have the cables in the correct holes. You must have inserted the cables in the wrong holes. If you insert the cables in the correct connection, your karaoke will work. Just keep trying.
In addition to English songs, yes, wow videoke concerto pro 2 tkm-370p comes with filipino songs.
No,but I think if you want there's anything else that you can adjust if you want a assist voice.
Metal strings and a strap, yes.
Si, Es
Regular size guitar.
yes, but i advise investing in a good pair of strings and replacing them. i snapped two just trying to tune it.
No. As is it is strictly acoustic. You could add a pick-up and amp if you want but that would be an after purchase extra.
Let me give you an overview of how this works: This mixer is not a "soundcard" type device, rather it is a simple mixer that will hook up to your computer using the digital USB port. It allows for external sources (music players, microphones, guitars, etc.) to be routed to your computer's USB port as a STEREO ONLY (left & right audio channels) input device. Using USB for an input will give you a cleaner audio signal that using old analog cables (RCA, 1/4", etc.) This mixer is not controlled by the computer, but there are audio parameters that you can adjust on your PC computer. If you go to START&gt;CONTROL PANEL&gt;SOUND there you can find the global audio settings for the computer. After installation you "may" find some additional settings such as Overall Volume, Left or Right Panning, Input Levels and Output Levels as well as what devices are available. This mixer is not a multi-track recording mixer/soundcard, but you can record up to 2 independent channels (left and right) at once, and using recording software such as Cakewalk, Magix Music, Adobe, etc. you can build up a recording using two tracks at a time. This is a great little mixer to start with for uses that do not require advanced audio engineering demands.
If I understood what you mean correctly, you want to have a Microfone plugged into the mixer, then routing the sound to your computer, then getting your computer to route Audio AND Video to your TV through a receiver. You don't depend on this mixer's specs but on your computer's actually. You'll have to check if your computer is able to receive audio from one source and pass it through on your HDMI output. So you could either plug the mixer to your PC through USB and use it as an interface or plug it with an analog cable from the Main Output to your PC's Audio Interface; either way it depends on your computer's capability of dealing with routing different sources to the HDMI Output. Hope it helps!
Yes, it came with the USB Cable and Software to be installed. Only the Software is a Lite version of Cubase.
I can't speak to the Google Hangout connection but the mic placement should work. Mic inputs all feed one usb out.
It works for 6 channels of live sound just fine. Good price with some effects to make it a little less dry. Not made for professional recordings.
Only if you want to send to another output.
It works on windows 8.1. That's what I am using it on.
Yes and no. Midi is all through USB, there is no actual midi ports.
I only own the firewire version.
The short answer is, "I don't have any experience with Mixcraft." This is an external STEREO/2-Channel Mixer that allows up to 8 individual channels to be mixed down to a stereo signal which can then be routed to a PA System, Soundcard, or the USB port on your computer. THIS IS NOT A MULTITRACK MIXER - THIS IS A STEREO MIXER with a LEFT and RIGHT MAIN OUTPUT, along with other convenient inputs, outputs, FX, and Monitor signal paths. This issue has been addressed in previous postings. Please refer to mine (and others) complete overview and operation. You can also download the manual online and refer to it. The manual will tell you everything about the Mixer. To record more than two channels (stereo) at a time, you need a soundcard or USB/FIREWIRE Audio Device that has 4,8,16 or more individual inputs. Check out Presonus Firestudio for a good example of a "Multitrack Audio Device." Hope this helps!
Yes, you can decrease the brightness
1. Press the DIY1 button and adjust its red, green, and blue to nothing (Lights off). 2. Adjust red and green to make a desired brightness of yellow. 3. Adjust blue untill you get your desired warmth of white. 4. Press and hold DIY1 button to save the warm white color. Easy peasy crunchoo weezy!
Yes you can.... I cut mine in 5 or 6 strips and connected them to fit my setting. Works just fine. The overall power consumption of all the strips is still the same even if you cut it in 10 pieces....just don't go and buy any additional strips that increases the overall lights on the power adapters, then you might have problems. These lights are great.
Video Instructions: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AXjKZ15-qTM
Emily, no ... the end connectors can stay loose and exposed. You only need a repeater if you plan to string more than two sets together. However, rather than using a repeater, I swapped out the original transformer with an 8 amp version from LEDwholsalers (8 Amp 12 Volt Ac Power Adapter with 3 Prong Plug with 5 Mm Dc Output Jack, 3224-12V), which has no trouble powering three 16.4 strips.
depending on the size of your battery a 36 watt draw at maximum brightness at 12 volts would drain a battery fairly fast. it's about 2 amp draw. if you dim the lights it would last longer.
Nothing, they can be left exposed at the end of the strip. You can attach them with an adaptor to another strip of LEDs if you want.
Well David, that is a good question. I have a light meter, but not where I have this equipment. What would you like to use this to illuminate? I may be able to answer based on your application. The range of color is amazing and it has worked perfect for anything where I have used this item. I have been quite pleased and I was trying to imagine the brightest setting and I can say that the light this strip throws is quite impressive. Sorry I cannot be exact with the lumens but If I knew what you would be using this for I could tell you if it would work, possibly.
Mike if you want both strips to do exactly the same thing at the same time then yes you just tie 2 strips together with a 4 conductor wire, if you want the 2 strips to do different things, you still can you would just have to block or somehow prevent one eye from 1 controller from seeing the remote as you change the other.
You're probably best buying a new controller w/ remote so you know they work together. This one look like it's the same one though, so it might work: http://www.amazon.com/LEDwholesalers-Remote-Controller-LED-Strip/dp/B004IJFAMW/ref=pd_sim_hi_9#productDetails
Yes the batteries are included Plus it has a little tab to block it so the battery doesn't get used until you are ready to use it.
The battery that it uses is the small round one like a watch would use or digital scales. I haven't had them long enough to know but would expect several years from them based on the battery type.
I don't see why not...I used at my daughters wedding in the tall vases that had silk flowers, stones and then I filled with water. I was very impressed with these because they lasted from approximately 3 p.m. until the next afternoon. I started to clean the vases and I still had many still on.
No they produce a steady light.
Turn on by just twisting, but there is a black disc inside to protect the battery so you must twist it open first, remove the black disc then they should work just fine - mine did. Hope this helps
Yes
Dear Melissa, Thank you for your inquiry. We have listed a set of 4 for you. Please search B00IJLVPUG at amazon.com or click http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00IJLVPUG to place an order. Best Regards YUPENGDA
The items I received does not specifically say whether they are Sumix or Acolyte Floralyte. They are however noted to be LEDs and more than likely acolyte submersibles. As I understand it, the Sumix has an on/off switch and can be used with a remote control. These do not have a switch. The on/off process is done manually by hand. I used them in centerpieces and they worked just fine. I can tell you that it was a great buy at the price they were offered and that the product arrived as promised and did what I needed it to do.
Yes, You can, I did the same with no problems.
Plastic
Typically you apply to the inside of the case, it helps to absorb the noise coming from inside making it more difficult for the metal to transfer the sound to the outside. I would imagine it would still work on the outside but possibly not as well.
One package should contain two 21 x 15 sheets.
no smell unless you stick your nose right on it and even then it's very faint.
4mm is correct. the 1inch is probably for shipping concerns or because the form they were using only allowed inches and the smallest being 1" The product is actually only 4mm in thickness.
use a sharp razor blade stuff cuts pretty well i would mark it on the back first though.
It might lower it a few decibels but that is a problem with the card making excessive noise. This item is sort of one of the last things you can tweak to reduce noise from your PC but it can only reduce noise that much... If it that bad i would look at a new card or just trying this foam to maybe alleviate your problem.
It will help in proportion to how much is applied and how well it is applied.
I would seriously not place this anywhere near water. It's not got for its intended purpose (extremely cheap, falls apart, not dense), so I would recommend you find something more suitable for a work/industrial environment.
I don't think that would work very well. The material is very thin. It's intended to dampen vibration in sheet metal. A thicker closed cell foam pad would probably do a better job in your situation.
I would say yes, the foam is very thin so it would for in that gap well, and it can be stuck to itself to increase thickness depending on the gap. But there is a lot of foam in these packs. I coated two panels of a rather large PC case with a single sheet of it. You may wish to look at a smaller pack if you only wish to do a shelf
I haven't tried them on that guitar but they were a direct drop in replacement on my 2014 SE Custom 24. I think the headstock is the same on these SE's so my guess is they should work fine.
yeah they should, from looking at the back of the headstock
you purchase them in a set of 6. However I am not sure if they will fit a Les Paul or not.
16:1 I think
I installed them into a PRS SE custom 24 and they fit perfectly. I can't guarantee that they fit the SE 245 the same but I think they will because the SE head stocks are all the same, I think.
Works perfect with serato.... I am currently using the SL2.
Don't think so... the usb portion is for plugging is a USB turntable rather than one using AUX cables
The XLR input is a separate connection and the cable is not included with the purchase.
If you plug in your turn table into the phono jack then it will work great.
Yes, it comes with a USB cable and the only thing you have to do is change the output to USB.
Not sure all my stuff is powered. Call seismic aufio. These guys are really helpful. They have great equipment at a decent price.
Yeah it's good. The crossfader flows really smooth
This machine has a built in sound card via USB, but only controls 1 channel...other 3 channels are strickly analogue
The usb port the m6 has its an output of its internal soundcard, if your external fx unit has an usb input you can actually do that, but the problem the quality of the usb output of the mixer is super low, theres a lot of noise coming out of its own soundcard so if I were you I would recommend not do it cause it will affect the quality of the output sound, hope this answer your question.
Nope. You'll get the mixdown of all the inputs as a single, stereo source.
Yes.
It needs to be plugged into a computer, hooked to either a DAW or plugin with MIDI support. It can't be used by itself.
It's pretty abrupt. You can adjust your play style to give it a better feel, but it's a pretty harsh curve. The only uses for this controller that I've found works best is composition and triggering loops. It works well for drum machines, but anything like velocity sensitive synths, keyboards, and orchestras are tricky to pull of perfectly with this.
No, it includes the SE version.
it does work with garageband! all you have to do is plug in the keyboard and garageband recognizes it immediately and you can start playing.
Yes, this is normal. It takes time for new strings to stretch out. This happens any time you change strings and it's true for guitars, ukes, basses etc... If you are careful and don't just yank or rip at them, you can lightly pull each individual string up to help break it in quicker by laying the uke on your lap or on a table with the strings up and put your finder under he drying about half way between the top of the neck and the bottom and just pull up on the string and hold it for about 10-30 seconds. Don't pull pull until it feels like it will snap just tug a little depending on the which string. The thick strings you might be able to pull a half inch and the thinner strings maybe a quarter inch do this for each string a couple times. Re-tune all the strings and do this 3 or four times and you should notice it going out of fine less and less each time. After a few times just start playing it and you will notice that it stays in tune much better. After a few days if playing, the neck and strings should be fully broken in and you should be able to go anyway where between a few days and weeks without really needing to tune it again (more or less time depending on how often you play it and how hard you strum)
It was set up by the seller before i got it. It just needed a good tuning and it sounds pretty good.
The wood is laminate mahogany, not solid mahogany
My guess is you have one string not quite perfectly tuned. Are you using a clip on tuner, a tuner app or another instrument to tune? Recommend using uke app for each string, or clip on tuner.
It doesn't. Usually they are relatively cheap though. This uke is worth every penny!
Not sure if it is a sticker, but (a) it isn't flimsy, and (b) it hasn't come off or created problems on mine.
No, it is not. It is a Concert Ukelele
That must be the box size. The uke itself is closer to 24" x 3" x 8.5"
This is a common issue with new instruments. As you continue to play and use it, the strings will become used to the level of tension that is placed on them. It isn't so much a problem with new instruments as it is with new strings. Every time you replace the strings you will have the same difficulty.
None that I am aware of.
I use on a Dell laptop running 8.1 . It works great.
I have this and I use it to record songs onto my computer. This is the physical interface that allows you to plug in mics and/or guitars etc. You also need some type of recording software such as Pro-Tools for example. Sometimes these interfaces come with a sample version of recording software which usually are pretty good quality and more than enough to record lyrics. I'm not sure if you can record with just the device and a mic. I think you would need some sort of software. their could be some free downloads on the internet. I hope this helped.
The mobile Pre has a USB type B connector (the kind often used on printers). http://www.cablestogo.com/learning/connector-guides/usb The other end is a normal Type-A (the kind on most computers.)
Yes
Yes. It was new and in the box. Works great! I'm sure you will be happy.
Ooh, I'm running it on a Mac , but as I recall, it's compatible with both. Pretty universal. Nice unit too . Sorry I can't be more specific. Good luck tho !
I got the old model, complained, returned and recieved the old model again...
Kathleen I don't know about dulcimers. The bridge would have to be the same thickness as a banjo and at least 3 8th inch clearance between the strings and the instrument. I love mine. No hassle just slides under the strings.
Don't really know but don't see why not. I use mine on a banjouke and am just learning claw hammer. I love it!
No
It fits a 5 string bridge...I'd imagine it would fit a 4 string bridge.
It should...depends on the length of the bridge as this mute is simply a brass sleeve that slides across the bridge (ref the picture) to tone down the vibration. To be honest, it changes the tone to some degree (not the pitch), but the volume is only marginally reduced. I must say, I like the result, but it does take some getting used to.
It works well I have had mine for 2 years and love it.
No, the mute just slides over the bridge from the side. You can take it on and off without changing anything else.
Not sure, but I would say probably not as well as it would with a standard. In the standard the brass is hugging, and therefore deadening all across, and therefore all the strings evenly. With a compensated it would only touch the outermost presented parts of the bridge, dampening those strings in particular in a strong way, leaving the inner most sections probably free to vibrate more, so those strings might be louder. Though they might all be somewhat muted, but I think the effect would be unevenly distributed. Since you would want the volume of all strings to be equally damped (like it would usually work) I don't think this will work for you. Even if you got all rocket scientist on it and bent it to conform to the irregularities of the bridge, you'd then have a problem of not being able to slide that puppy ion and off, which is the great feature. I think you might need to get a couple violin type mutes that slip on vertically. One of the nice things about this mute is it really give a good tone, whereas violin mutes leave something to be desired. But if its a choice between practicing,.... and unhappy spouse, waking kids or bitchy neighbors...ya gotta do what ya gotta do...
If that's the case, then you can have mine for a mere $500....(just kidding...I see the price ranging here, but its usually somewhere between $12 and $20...probably some mysterious glitch...check again later.)
Congrats on getting a beautiful instrument. The mahogany top will contribute to a "warmer" sound when you find the right strings, but this often involves experimenting with different types of strings. For the most part phosphor-bronze strings are very "bright" sounding when they first go on but lose their "brightness" pretty quickly. Coated strings, like the Martin Lifespan, Elixers, etc., tend to be less "bright" at first but have a remarkably longer lifespan before sounding dull and dead than non-coated strings. Try a coated bronze (not phosphor-bronze) first to see how that sounds to you. Also keep in mind that the lighter the gauge, the less volume and punch the strings are going to have, no matter what kind of guitar you play. You might try non coated strings, also, if you dont mind changing them more often. Ive used a number of different strings on my Martin and tend toward preferring a "brighter" sound, and Im usually eager to try something new, so dont get impatient, and keep notes on which strings work best for you.
To your first question, good question and I don't know. Purely subjective answer to your second question. I tried both, first the Cleartones and then the SPs after the tone flattened on the Cleartones. I have now had the SPs on longer and they still haven't flattened to the point I want to change them. I will buy the SPs again.
Yes the E & B string are made from high tinsel steel and used as the core of the four other bronze wound strings.
Hi, Amazon asked me to respond to your question on whether the Martin Lifespan strings are too bright: I don't find the martin lifespan strings to be bright. Au contraire, I think they are warm sounding, warmer than the plain phosphorus Martin SP strings. However the sound of the strings really is dependent on the guitar that they are on! For example, on my Martin all mahogany D-15 I use Elixir Phos. bronze (after comparing lifespan phos. bronze, Martin SP plain not coated phos. bronze, john pearse phos. bronze, a warm if a bit dull sort of string). The Martin Lifespan phos. bronze were a bit edgy when I first put them on. However on my Martin D28 the Martin lifespan phos bronze have smoothed out over time and the guitar sounds amazing (to me), very warm and not crispy. Hoorah! I did compare (on the D28) john pearse phos bronze, Elixir phos bronze, but I really like these Lifespan Martin phos. bronze strings on the D28. They bring out the best qualities of that guitar. I will be experimenting with them on my 2 new Taylor guitars. I don't like d'addario strings as I find them tinny sounding though they do work for other people, depending on the guitar. For sure these Lifespans are worth a try. Probably the cheapest way to alter the sound of a guitar. Hope this helps.
No. The disc format is strictly for computer.
I am not sure what SP1 is, but I just got a refurbished computer with Windows 7 and it already downloaded and good to go. Good luck with the Bass. It is a cool DVD because of its basics and promotion of experimentation with your own grooves.
Hi Jan, there is no option to connect your bass guitar to your pc, This CD has media sounds and explanations like a book
I work with the developer, eMedia. It runs on computers that use Vista just fine! Sincerely, Ellen with eMedia Customer Service
Buying a new bass amp is the first best option, buying a used bass amp the second best. Guitar combos and bass combos are two different animals. The lows from the bass can actually damage the speaker since it isn't a bass speaker. The Fender Bronco 40 Bass amp costs more because of the bass capable speaker and additional power. The Mustang series is for guitars, not basses and I would highly discourage you from using one for bass. Even a cheap bass amp like the Fender Rumble 15 or the Behringer BX108 actually cost less than the Mustang amp and will make a better bass amp. Between the two I'd go for the Rumble. Both those bass amps are strictly for home practice.
Yes.
You can plug in anything that uses 1/4 mono instrument cable (an electric guitar cable). That includes most acoustics with a pickup. Just be aware that this amp is made to color the sound, so if you want an "acoustic" sound, you're better off with a amp built for acoustics.
Yes, it has a tuner.
Yes. Most mics use an XLR connector. Guitar amps use inch so you need a cable that is XLR to 1/4 inch or an additional XLR to 1/4" adapter...which you can find for about $5-$10 on Amazon.
It has an input for a switch . I'm not sure which switch works for it . Contact Fender
Not bad for how much you'll pay.
Yes
I'm pretty sure the software is compatible but I'm not absolutely certain since I have a PC.
Collin, be aware that there is a newer version of this amp. It comes with a variety of setups. The sounds are endless on this amp. You have every effect there is and you can put them in any order. You can go on Fender's web site and download thousands of set ups. I did only that for awhile - then I did my own. It would be very difficult to do a set up using the amp's controls (knobs). You really need to use the computer interface. So it's not an instant process. But you can learn it pretty quickly.
I don't see and easy way to connect an auxiliary speaker/cabinet. There are 1 - 1/4 inch Foot-switch, 1- Guitar (input), 1- USB connector and a 1- small (1/8th inch stereo?) headphone output. Nothing on the back other than 1 - three prong AC input jack
Yes for practice only through headphones. Sounds really bad with a bass on the speaker but good on the headphones.
It doesnt. You could wire a jack into speaker output with a resistor. Better to find the sounds you like and hang a mike over the front. My opinion, Ive been doing this with a variety of amps for a long time. Not alone in that.
Yes
No
No, it's solid state. Tube amps are very pricey. It's a good amp though. I think it sounds great and can give you a lot of different tones.
Well i think that depends on the pickups you have and not the guitar it self. But in general is a good amp and its loud. I Have an ESP LTD ECLIPSE and i rock with this baby very loud. But i have EMG pickups.
Yes but you need to manage the settings on fender fuse software to make it sound right.
As a microphone, yes - but you will need to get it connected to your computer somehow. The included adapters are for connecting through a wireless body pack and receiver pair, not for direct connection to a computer.
I own both microphones and the only difference I could find between the two is the capsule size. they work ok the capsules will overload pretty easily. also the connectors are very funky. They make a universal connector that does not work very well. You will have to tape them to keep them from making noise. For a little bit more money I would recommend the Galaxy Audio HSE Unidirectional Single Ear Hook Earset Microphone. I own all 3 headsets the Galaxy sounds much better and the connectors are custom to each manufacture. Not one universal connector that you have to try to tape to keep from making connection noise. I ended up replacing all my SE50 and SE10 cables with the Galaxy replacement cables. The replacement cables are about $50 each so by time you're done you might as well had bought the galaxy headset you'll be a much happier person even though it's a little bit more expensive. I hope you find this helpful. I see the SE50 and the galaxy are the same price. I would definitely go with the Galaxy
The main difference is the size of the mic capsule. The SE 10 is 3mm the SE 50 2.5mm making the SE50 a little less visible for stage applications.
I don't know the exact length but we have not had any issue with it and it has been plenty long for the various pastors and speakers who have used it.
Yes. Had to tape the adapter that goes between pack and mic wire to avoid static connection but works flawlessly now.
This is intended to operate with a transmitter and receiver. There are headset mics made for what you want but this is not it.
Yes it is, it should work.
Only if you're going hardwire if you're using it with the wireless know. If you haven't purchased it already for a few bucks more go with Galaxy HSE Galaxy EAR MIC. I have purchased them both and the galaxy is a much better Mic for a little more money. I hope this helps. If you're using this mic with a wireless system it does not require phantom power. If you're using it with the hardwire system it will require phantom power. You can go to the Galaxy website they can give you more information.
Yes, the cable is included.
I'm not sure this will work with your system. You would have to call our Audio Dept. because we would have to special order your particular frequency. Thanks.
I leave mine plugged in. I want my coffee HOT!
It isn't noisy. Just has a fan noise but its not very loud.
There is a USB port that will charge the iPod but it doesn't do anything but charge a device.
Cord is approximately 18 inches.
Apologies, I don't know how many amps but yes, it does charge an iPhone 5s. (I've charged a iphone 4s and 5s at the same time)
That switch is to expand and retract the clips to fit the cigarette lighter. Not going to effect the use.
The cup is better. I know of other coworkers that have had problems with the bestek
No
It is so good. I have this for almost three years. It's still working well. Great deal
I don't see why not, although I could think of better alternatives.
U need buy clamps separe and depend what ligths do u have
It would be nice accually umm if u guys need someone to do that am here i accually make stuff like that.
The lights not included
Tubing diameter on cross beams is 7/8", so standard adjustable C-Clamps or should do the trick.
Yes it would hold it
No, its just the truss
No the lights are not included
I would rather have a 2i2 based on the audio quality but the Akai EIE has additional features to justify its price. That being said I would rather have any Scarlett over the EIE. Focusrite's claim to fame is the quality of their converters. All of the Scarletts have the same converters, but the rest of the audio path gets better as you look at more expensive models. If you want really good audio quality for the money buy the 2i2. If you want better audio quality buy a more expensive model such as the Scarlett 18i20.
Sure you can, you can work well within your DAW !
Yes you can record 4 at once
It did not when I got it.
I think the limitations would only exist in audacity, if they exist at all. I use mine to simultaneously record using 4 drum mics, and it works like a charm. Good luck on the podcast!
Yes it does. I use it for my podcast regularly and have had no trouble at all. Cheers
Yes, it comes with a installatiom disc which contains ASIO.
No
They are not able to be daisy-chained per se, but you could connect two to your pc/Mac, and your DAW would allow you to assign each input to a seperate channel.
Yes
We had to return the one I got my son for Christmas. After we purchased the microphone I went out to get the adapter to USB. The computer said it was working but it never received audio input. I think it has to go directly into an amp. It seems like a great mic but doesn't fit our use. I replaced it with a snowball. Half the price and works great.
no it's not a usb mic you need a audio interface
Yeah make sure the two legs and the back are facing away from the mic and the single leg is facing the same direction as the mic.
I really don't know, I couldn't use it because I didn't have a sound board
I dont think so sean but it works great with recording music
We've been using "MAGIX Music Maker 2013". We got it cheap and it's works pretty well. Very easy software to learn. Depending on what you are doing with it though, it can get kind of glitchy to work with. We record several tracks together on a compilation, and we've been running into lag issues with it. As long as you can work around it, you should be fine. Just be aware that it IS a pretty big problem with this particular software. But you can't beat the price!
I've never had the blue yeti but this microphone is amazing. With the shock mount and pop filter it's the ideal purchase
it has an XLR cable, if you want to plug it into your comp it needs a converter, I suggest the blue icicle pre amp converter
I use this mic for vocals and it has excellent sound quality
I have the thing and it's very long...
I'm not sure what you mean. If you plug this into a Mac, and set it up as your output audio device, all your stereo outputs will be processed by the One instead of the internal sound card. If you're asking can you use the One like a "line in", then the answer is no. Well, at least not in stereo. It does line-level monaural, though. So you could plug a keyboard into it, or the left OR right of a stereo out of a keyboard, and you would have all the legendary A/D conversion you crave one side at a time. This is why I sold my ONE and got the old-school Duet Firewire. Definitely worth getting the Duet if you produce lots of stereo stuff, and it make A/D conversion a breeze with anything you can plug into it at line level.
I don't believe so, no. The instrument in is a single channel 1/4 jack, for something like an electric guitar or other instrument. It can record from that and its built in mic at the same time, but if you're talking keyboard, that's not what you're looking for. I think you may want to look at the Apogee Duet. It looks like it has two input sources, and you'd plug in your left and right keyboard outs into each channel.
Yes, it comes with a splitter with a microphone input and 1/4" guitar/bass input.
Not with this version. If you want to connect to your iPad, you should step up to the ne Apogee One http://www.amazon.com/Apogee-ONE-Audio-Interface-iPad/dp/B00CMX8RQ2/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1398440626&sr=8-1&keywords=apogee+one
No, get the Duet.
Yes.
The bass goes up to the 24th fret and can play two octaves on each string.
4 cm (Just over an inch and a half)
I use medium gauge.
Mine didn't come tuned
String height, especially with bass guitar, is a matter of personal taste. I prefer to have the strings as close to the fretboard as possible, without buzzing on the frets. There two parts on the bass that can adjust the string height. The bridge (where the ball end of the string is) and the truss rod (the covered area on the headstock). Be sure to loosen the strings first! I suggest adjusting the bridge first, using the small wrench provided. Any adjustment made can easily and quickly be changed back. The truss rod is the one that, if you do not know what you're doing, I suggest having an experienced luthier or musician do this. It is very easy to damage the neck and stability of your bass when adjusting the truss rod. With this particular model of bass, I found that even after lowering the bridge saddles and adjusting the truss rod, the action(string height) was still too high for my liking. For this, I employ a more unorthodox solution. I removed the neck, placed a guitar pick between the neck and body joint (all the way down next to where the neck cutaway and the thickness of the body start). Replaced the neck and tuned up the strings. I then had to readjust the bridge a little higher, and viola, my preferred action has been achieved.
No.
no
Yes
the diameter of the actual light is 3 inches and the diameter of the of the light including the plastic housing is a little over 3 and a half inches hopes this this helps you
The Neerer can be triggered remotely by using on board flash siince you have no hot shoe.( if the Neewer is to be the dominate source you can dial down the output of camera flash and use it only as a trigger). If you have a flash PC outlet you can use chord to trigger. Without the hot shoe radio and infra red triggers are out of the question.
Wireless Studio Flash RT-16 works well with this Neewer 180W strobe. I have 2 Neewer 180W strobes. I use the same trigger to fire one strobe and the other strobe fires simultaneously with the built-in slave feature. http://www.amazon.com/Neewer-RT-16-TRIGGER-RECEIVER-Wireless/dp/B003LYSIKQ/ref=sr_1_1?s=electronics
16 -22 inches. Fotodiox or Cowboy Studio.
I am sorry but I really don't know what that is.
I can answer 2 and 3, it actually had a hole to stick an umbrella in which you can use as a reflector or diffuser, I use a cowboy studio remote that plugs into the cord that comes with flash but the cord can go directly to the camera too. For the price, it's amazing.
1 x 75W Modeling bulb
Amazon of course
for the press button:insert the power cable and turn on the power and the press button will diffuse. for the cable:turn the power and insert the cable to the sync and then the touch the pole
Works really bad, crakles and sounds horrible. Not sure if anyone will see this, my last response to this product never got posted for some reason(hmmmmm).
No reason it would not, as long as your violin has a 1/4" output. If you have an acoustic violin, you will need a pickup of some sort such as http://www.amazon.com/Daphon-Clip-On-Headstock-Ukulele-Mandolin/dp/B008HZQ2PM/ref=sr_1_3?ie=UTF8&qid=1359240521&sr=8-3&keywords=clip-on+pickup
Hmm, probably not.
While it does work for bass, prolonged bass use will presumably shorten its life (as is the case with most amps) due to the lower frequencies involved. Best to go with a dedicated bass amp.
No, it doesn't. I think its a little to heavy for that anyway.
It works, But you can't expect a great sound. If you use clean sound you'll fine a very low volumen. With the gain youll get more noise, could be fun for a while rocking with the ukulele (pasive mic)
Headphone jack on right side. Made in Viet Name.
I only use batteries, but the marking would appear to be so. AS far as the other answer: Sorry 'bout that. It is, after all, just a "rehearsal amp", as the seller said, not a full-blown concert amp. I use it for a harmonica amp at a nursing home; it works just fine for me!!! I can't haul around anything bigger.
If you are asking if it functions, I'd have to say yes it does. But it is a (very) small guitar amp so don't expect miracles. This has much to do with portability, being able to play anywhere at any time, your small amp fitting in most gig bags. You can put some music in via the aux input and there's drum patterns included for you to play along with. But if you're looking for that powerful, deep, bottom sound that we have love and crave for, that baby just ain't cut to deliver it. Weight the pros and cons, especially considering why and how you're going to use that amp and choose.
Yes, you can plug in your own adapter to its DC 9V outlet.
Yup, but so is my Shure mic. This is why our Country is going downhill.
This unit runs of DC power and came with a 110V adaptor. The adaptor only runs off of 110v. Look for a 220V adaptor that will fit the unit and provide 12V DC.
Someone help us here, I think that on the rear panel are XLR connections and 1/4 inch jacks. Please let us know.
This needs to be plugged in to an amplifier. It does not have an amplifier built in.
The Mic works really well, but some voices carry better than others. It's always best to encourage people to hold the mic close to their mouth. We're very happy with the mic.
The answer is yes! But, you will have to know the frequency of your other handheld microphone first. Their microphones are also compatible with other receivers.
1@ 1/4 in. that is for both mikes, and 2@ XLR, that are separate for each mike. Having limited inputs on my amp, I found that using the 2 XLR outputs and a XLR "Y" cable, I got much better sound quality than using the 1/4 in connections.
Yes! Personally I have a rack with another mic system in it and I bought this one as a spare. I do not have it rack mounted and it sits fine alone on a table. These miss are amazing, great range and very clear!
I never tried it in church but live in a big house. The reception is good even when I go to the far end of the house so I believe it works in a church setting too as the performer is on stage where the receiver is near by.
It the unit itself has male outputs. It will receive a female cable end.
i think akg is better. but if you usually listening music is bass. i recommend you usimg hd598. akg's feature is clear sound not bass sound. it is good at classic, pop song. if you like a movie you should choice the hd598.
I don't know, but it's a real probability. I have Sony MDR V6 made in Thailand; Harman Kardon , Infinity ,JBL, Sherwood, Panasonic, and several other "old name brands," American and Japanese, all now made in China. It is all about competition and I haven't noticed any real change in quality. As for the knock off's , it is hard/impossible to knock off a set of good headphones; the sound will give them away immediately.
It is not necessary to buy an amp for "standard" listening; however, if you would like to get the best of the headphones (detailed spectrum of the sound produced at studio desks) an amp is a good addition.
Quite a specific question. I do not have the Fiio x3. I do have one of the latest Fiio headphone amps (the one without any display, & cost a little over $100) and it gives more than I can take. Hope this helps
They do not do much noise canceling. I would prefer an AKG headphone. They are very faithful to the music. They need a good amp or good headphone section, though.
If you plan on using on the go, IEMs would serve better purpose. They will work, though are better suited to home amplifier purposes.
They are cool, sound is fantastic. But how long you intend to wear them, I don't know...but let's say....if you wear them for 1-2 hours, your ears start aching a bit due to the pressure being exerted by the pad on your ears. They don't heat up....I don't wear them for too long...
I don't know. I use them for personal listening. In my case, they are excellent.
don't get open headphones for public use, they are like open speakers on your head. imagine small computer speakers sitting on your head. that's what your neighbors will be hearing. it's loud, and people wont like it. sorry... a good closed headphone is what you'd want for commuting. plenty of good choices: akg k550 or 551, ath m50x, beyerdynamic dt770 pro (32ohm version if you don't use a portable amp, 80 or 250 ohm if you do), shure srh 940 or 1540, sennheiser hd380, and finally mr speaker mad dog series (google mr speaker, you have to buy directly from them).
Moderate to major, depending on your ears.
I can only speak to my personal experience. my k701s are older I would say at least five years old. Not very worn though. they look brand new so they haven't had rough life. my q701s are the ones assembled in China. they both have the signature akg sound but they are distinctly different. all I had to do was play some zedd and with the q701 not only could you hear the texture of the electronic bass it had body and oomph. just enough. the k701 had no lower extension at all. the q701 sound more musical and fuller without that hardness of the k701. Sometimes I feel the k701 has a better Soundstage but that just might be a difference of hours used. My amp is a little portable amp but I think both would sound world's better with a really nice tube amp. but in answer to your query in my case yes they sound very different. In fact I was shocked how different. But remember my k701s are of a very different vintage.
No, not at all. You need a closed-back monitor headphone.
Yeah comes with 2 cables.
No, but you can find the parts list online.
I use it with a usb DAC from light harmonic. And it works great!
The AKG Q 701 Quincy Jones headphones do not have a built-in microphone.
No I buy case by my self :)
I think this headphone is the best in the world but little bit tight on my ears.
The V-Modas being a closed headphone have a smaller sound-stage and much much more bass. The Q701's are pretty reference and have a fairly flat response curve. They can be a little aggressive in the treble at first but that mellowed out with burn in. If you're a Bass-Head, the Moda's will likely be more to your taste, but eh Q-701's have, what I think, is a better overall sound quality. The Open Soundstage makes a ton of difference. Everything is so crystal clear.
It does need 200 hrs burn in to bring up its best, I found it provides better detail and channels separation through my head phone amp Little Dot 1+ than my IPhone out as it has input impedance 62 ohms. Try to avoid the use of extension cable where possible, any adapter would degrade the original audio quality in terms of purity.
The white pair i bought in Nov 2013 were made in Austria.
I believe it's around 62 &#937;.
If you enjoy a good bass, then no. These are incredibly detailed and natural sounding, but light on the bass. Sennheiser or Beyerdynamic are better in the bass department.
I can only vouch for the Q's. They are the best headphones that I've ever owned. I love them daily. And they're very comfortable to use.
The black one I purchased was made in China. Regardless, it's a great headphone with impressive sound. I recently compared it to a pair of Audeze LCD-2s (source: NuForce Icon iDo with an iPod Classic as the digital source, running ALAC (lossless) files), and the AKG compared much better than I thought it would. The LCD-2 is great, but the AKG gets 90 percent of the way there at 1/4 of the price.
20 feet. Two cables are included: 10ft and 20ft
Yes, I own both! For me, I ended up preferring the Q701 over the 598. The HD598 was more comfortable in longer sessions and didn't require any modification to the band (I had to tape a piece of foam to the Q701 because the bumps in the band put pressure on the top of my head). They're both kind of minimal in terms of accessories, but the Q701 comes with some very long wires (which you can braid if they're too long!). They both leak sound, with the Q701 leaking a bit more imo. But the Q701's soundstage is noticeably wider than the 598's. The sound is what made me prefer the Q701 though; it may be because the Q701 has more treble, but I find that the details in the music are clearer than on the 598, where it sounds a little muddied. But, in the case of the 598, this makes for easier listening over time. They're both not very heavy on the bass, but it's adequate for me. The HD598 has stronger bass overall (especially in the mid bass), but the Q701 reaches further down with more sub bass. I have a separate set of headphones for bassy stuff, so I preferred taking the extra detail on the Q701.
Sould be very similar in performance. You may get more bass response from the Phillips.
There is no built in mic, the headphones are for use in a studio. For the headphones to preform well you should have a DAC or other amplifying device attached to the iPhone if at all possible or you will get lowered quality sound. Your best option however will be using a dedicated audio device rather than an iPhone.
q701 have more bass than k701
1 3/8" - 35mm
I'm still builting my system so I didn't use the moniror stand, if your speaker weights more that 100lb it mine be a problem .
The pole is intended to slip into the pole mount, located on a subwoofer. Drop the pole into the pole mount on the sub. Adjust the height of the pole. Tighten the knob, put in the safety pin. Lift speaker and place on top of the pole. Done. There is no crank on this pole.
you can record 16 separate tracks in and listen to 4 tracks out all at the same time, depending on how you configure cubase. Also the "separate" monitor out is just 1 and 2 with a volume knob up front. Dose that answer your question?
No according to the manual. But you might be able to sync two computers via SMPTE or midi time clock.
No, but The interface dose not need to recognize. Dynamic mics don't care if there is phantom power or not, so, to answer your question, just don't waste the two inputs by plunging dynamic mics into them. The only type of mic that MUST NOT have phantom power is a ribbon mic.
Yes
This has eight XLR pre-amps and two gain controlled 1/4 with direct DI function, plus another four 1/4 for mics, DI, etc. So you get 14 channels, great for recording a complete band. The two other inputs you can use for in/out with SPDIF (CD player, or DAT machine). I have a Presonus USB as well. Good interface, but only two channels for recording, Tascam 1800 is a nice buy.
Yes. You can. However, I wouldn't recommend using this interface. It's hit or miss. It could last forever or be DOA I went threw 3 of these units. All malfunctioned, and Tascam support is horrible. Good luck either way.
The USB is the only way to connect the interface to a computer. The digital out is a reflection of the main output, and is used to send audio to monitors or a recorder, ETC... (in other words, the digital out is not for connectivity with a computer, unless, it is a separate computer that is not running the interface) Keep in mind, you need to have USB connectivity before the digital out (or any out) will work.
While I do not know Garage Band, it's a DAW so it should, in theory, see all of the inputs on the US1800. I did a quick check and found this link - scroll down a bit to see the questions pertaining to the US1800 and garage band: http://homerecording.com/bbs/general-discussions/digital-recording-computers/trying-record-multiple-track-simultaneously-garageband-333057/ I'm pretty sure that it will work, but if not, you can always return it, right?
No, you can't. I use two Behringer B1031A powered monitors with it.
Hmmm...well, if I understand your question correctly, you do not see the 1800 as a two-channel device under Windows, is that it? I use mine (sometimes) under CuBase (but I replaced it with a US-2000) so now I mostly use it as a D/A under windows, which it recognizes properly. So, it might be that the driver (just speculating here) is written for multi-channel inputs whereas Windows proper is looking for two-channel devices. However, that may be a long-shot, and to be fair, I have never used mine as a two-channel input device under Windows proper. Have you tried the obvious stuff like cycling the power (on the 1800) as well as checking all settings in its control panel? If everything was properly installed, you should see the TASCAM program in your list of programs, and then mouse over to the settings to verify latency, clock source and so on. I would start there. Also, I would try playing a sound (with Windows configured to use the 1800 as the playback device) and listen to see if the 1800 successfully plays out the file. If it does play the file in stereo, then this would suggest that Windows is expecting a two-channel input device (not a multi-channel, which the 1800 is not), because if the 1800 plays the file properly (and I am betting it will), then this suggests that the two-channel configuration is at the heart of the matter (because if the D/A works, it's probably because Windows can properly see it as a two-channel output device. I know in Cubase (and others) that the ASIO drivers should be used, but Windows proper doesn't rely upon those. So, make sure the driver is most-current (you can get it from the TASCAM site) and if not, you can update it. I think there may also be a firmware update for the 1800 as well. Of course, I could be completely wrong - I never really had to fiddle with mine (again, I used it as a A/D and D/A under Cubase) and it just 'worked', and as I said, I now use it solely as the Windows D/A (when I'm using things like medial Player or VLC), while I still use the US-2000 under CuBase. I have no idea if this was helpful, or merely confusing...but I hope it was the former. Mark
It's electric. The cord is about 4-4-1/2' long, three-prong. I don't see that there's a possibility for this amplifier to be electric.
I don't see why not. I have this exact amplifier as well as 5 other amps and I use all my keyboard and guitar instruments that I have to come out of each amplifier as well as mp3 music. I also create rap beats and play it out of my amps and since I have this exact amp and use it to play back all the rap beats I create, I would say that yes you can use an electric drum set using this amplifier. It would work no problem for you. However The quality of the amplifier speaker itself doesn't sound very good. Just know that you get what you pay for. If you don't care about the quality of the sound, then sure, his is a cheap amplifier you can use to just jam and create beats on your electric drum set. However, The watts isn't that powerful ( which means how powerful the speaker actually is ) If you play your electric drum set very loud, then it could blow the speaker. If you do care about the quality of the sound and if you really want to blast your electric drum set loud making beats out of this amplifier, then I'd spend a little more money and get something that you will enjoy having for awhile! The question really is how loud will you play your electric drum set, and do you care about the quality of the sound coming out of the speakers?
Unfortunately not possible.
Hi there! Nope, it does not require batteries at all. It plugs into the wall. I believe it's a standard wall plugin to. So for example, it should fit into a surge bar no problem. Thanks!
I think that this would be a good amp. It gets pretty loud, and seems to have decent sound. We've only used it with a theremin though...
Diameter of speaker cone measures 3.5". Possibly bracket to bracket measurement is 5".
Good question. Well, from the little research that I have done for you. It should work. As long as it has a 1/4" input/output. Hope I helped.
You can plug a microphone into it and it will amplify your voice. If you have another source for the lyrics and accompanying music, it seems like it should.
Yes.
I'm not sure, I only use this with electric guitars.
There are 8 touch sensitive pads (4 x 125mm, 4 x 88mm).
Yes
Mine did not, so I bought one to be shipped same day as drums.
Yes, But they don't work too well on carpet IMO. Other than that it's pretty nice.
Yes, absolutely it can be used by a left handed drummer. I am left handed but play with the traditional right-handed set up (snare and hi hat on left, ride cymbal and floor tom on right). All of the pre-programed kits have this basic format. However, you can create three custom kits, which would allow you to reverse this format, or make an entirely unique kit. It is very flexible.
You can just put it on a tabletop, but it works best with a snare drum stand. This unit is really designed to be used with a snare stand. The DD-65 has the 3 ports on the bottom to attach any snare stand right into it. Hope this helps.
Yes. It is a fantastic piece of equipment, I recommend it. You can also hook it up to an amp and it will be a regular drum set for a group. There are many possibilities. Check out the videos: http://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Yamaha+DD65+Electronic+Drum+&oq=Yamaha+DD65+Electronic+Drum+&gs_l=youtube.12...1397.1397.0.3317.1.1.0.0.0.0.127.127.0j1.1.0...0.0...1ac.2.11.youtube.vXm_t6GEMVg Good luck.
I plug mine into a mixer or an amplifier and the bass has plenty punch to it. I will have to check it with just headphones.
William, I think is possible, but by another way. Get the owner's manual in the link and see the page 30. http://www2.yamaha.co.jp/manual/pdf/emi/english/port/dd65_en_om.pdf
The speakers automatically play when no headphones are connected, unless the Aux-to-amp connector is still plugged in or one of those cords. Take them out and turn the master volume knob all the way up. If there is no audio feedback then you have a defective model and must request a replacement or refund
I have it hooked up thru MIDI (not USB) as there are no USB ports on this. I'm using the DD-65 to play the sounds from my computer. No lag. Works great.
There are only two trigger inputs and they can be assigned to any of the internal voices. These are normally used for hats and kick. You would have to give up one of the foot pedals to use an exterior cymbal. The hats use a momentary open/closed switch to operate. They are either open or closed, nothing in between. I set them for choked and a 1/4 open voice, so I get a sizzle when they are open.
I don't think this product is suitable for anyone who is learning drumming. The power supply is not suitable for Australia, need get additional power.
Yes
Every time you overdub, it creates a brand new track with the previous track along with the overdub. This means that you can overdub on the same track infinitely. I honestly would not recommend the overdub feature because it has no metronome and no blinking light to tell you when to come in.
I think it will, you can slow down music on as card so as long as you record first I would think you could slow down don't know what speeds, manual is online somewhere
I have not used this product to record as of yet. I used it to assist learning some choral music with previously recorded music that I transferred to SD. But now in curious and will test it out.
yes
Sorry to say I haven't used mine much BUT, it does work. It will record your voice just fine. When you load MP3s it will also remove the voice track, but because it's blended in, you lose some of the music track as well. But, to just straight record your voice, it works fine. It has 2 external mic's but I would use a plug in. You have to be kinda close to the onboard mic's. I have used the GB10 guitar version extensively and that thing kicks butt so I would imagine this is no different. I have just used it in a very limited way.
I can't help, I do not know this answer. Sorry
This isn't what I thought it would be so I haven't used it much. BUT, when I plug a mic into the line in, it doesn't work. I've gone through it to see if I have to tell it to use the line in and from what I can tell, it should be using it but I can only get the onboard mics to pic up sound. I have a TASCAM GB10 for my guitar and that thing kicks ass. I thought this was going to be another version of that but there's no guitar input as stated. As far as capacity it's all up to how much space you load into it. You use SD cards so if you put in a 2GB, I highly doubt you're going to record a set. So just get as big of a card as possible.
My husband says it does both.
No, the guitar trainer does not remove the guitar track - - you simply play over it. I've used this tool for a couple years now and I find it essential in learning new songs, particularly the following features : 1. The ability to variably slow a song down while keeping the same pitch 2. The ability to "loop" a passage of a song to play it repeatedly - - great for learning a difficult section. 3. The ability to dial up or down the key of song Highly recommended!
D/L music you want to practice to on a mini SD from your computer (or do it through the USB to the unit with the mini SD installed).
No, it doesn't work like that. What you can do is to convert your files to MP3 using iTunes (if they not converted yet) then copy them to GB-10 memory card and play along. There are plenty of backing tracks on the net so you can be whoever you wish!
Yes, regarding the tempo, I believe so. You can change the key or "fine tune" the recording's pitch in small increments. I had the earlier version of the tuner, which I was happy with, but this model is a big improvement.
Connect the trainer to your computer and it will ask you if you are connecting to use the USB as a power supply for the trainer or as a storage device; select storage device. Once you connect that way you can move files back and forth between the trainer and your computer.
The GB-10 can be powered from batteries or an AC adapter from TASCAM specifically for this Trainer.
It needs a pick up, it doesn't have a microphone.
U must convert your iTunes tracks to MP3. It's not hard.
If ITunes files are still m4p encoded with encryption ( .m4a .m4p or other files extensions), then you will have to buy or find "free-ware" or "share-ware" to convert then to mp3 or wav. A quick search on cnet.com has one such application: http://download.cnet.com/Free-M4a-to-MP3-Converter/3000-2140_4-187723.html
Personally I didn't like it AT ALL as the portion of lighting area is too narrow. Surely you could as you wish but you'll need multiple units as much as you'd like I just had returned right away, I wouldn't recommand.
Dimensions (LxWxH): 22" x 2.5" x 4"
Yes, Yes, Yes
I'm sorry, but I do not know. I returned the light bar shortly after ordering it. I never could get mine to work properly.
for best results you would need one Am. DJ Supply Mega Bar for each panel. This would not allow cross lighting for the back panels. To add xlighting effect, you would need to add one at a minimum of one additional.
It would depend on how close the 60-watt bulbs were to where the Mega Bar was casting its light and how much area it was casting to, but would say that it would be washed out, and not very dramatic as where there was little light. The light is focused but not really all that bright.
Power supply
Yes. You can chain them together and slave them to the single remote.
This is a standalone unit with a built in controller.
You can still get a decent affect. But it does depend on placement as well.
Hello. You can use the pedal with guitar or bass. Just make sure that the ps-6 is first in the chain so it picks up the signal well.
I'm not saying it won't work for chords but I don't think it does it very well, I think it's main priority is to create the illusion of a second guitarist for dual octave lead play. For about $50 more you can get a lexicon MX 200 that in my opinion does everything way better and it's not just a harmony pedal,it's a multi FX rackmount unit but it's lightweight and very simple to use. The harmony FX on it to me are much easier to use and sound a lot more correctly blended than the Boss Harmonist. You definitely get way way more for the money with the lexicon versus the boss,that is a promise.
I kinda doubt it because you have to select the key that a song is in for this pedal to harmonize. Saying that, you don't really talk in a key. Watch demo video on YouTube to see how this pedal works. I would buy a product the would actually alter my voice as advertised rather than taking a chance with this pedal.
you might be able to download it from boss website.or go to youtube and watch a demo video pretty much self explanatory
You can but it sounds more like synth bass. Decent sound
It will act like a whammy up or you can make it like a whammy down, but not both ways that I can tell, I only use as a sbend low pitch using the pedal.
I dont really know, it might because You can plug a keyboard, as long as you sing within the key the pedal will do its job I think, but I have never heard about it.
Yes, this drum kit will make you better than Neil Peart. This kit is one thousand times better than any kit on the market. Beware however; if you want to play as good as Keith Moon, you must drink several bottles of booze and consume mass quantities of pills.
Yes it does
I bought this set with little drumming experience and have found them to be perfect for me in my small apt. When you are starting out you are basically learning basic rhythms, patterns, and timing that are going to be applicable on any drumset. Since this set has lots of different pre-programmed kits, it could also help you determine what kind of set you should get when you are ready to upgrade.
Well, yes and no: There is a headphone jack, but drumsticks making contact with the drum pads does make some noise. So the short answer might be "yes, mostly."
Get a voltage converter and plug it into your outlet.
You can connect this unit to your computer using the USB cable - it'll function as a MIDI controller for your favorite computer software to get even more functionality
No
The weight was moderate. About 3 lbs I would say. And the box was medium sized, nothing too huge. The packaging was fit nearly to the size of the actual product. About 24inchesX18inches maybe? I hope this helps.
No. You can play to the preset rhythms on the machine for a very long time, though, and I believe there is a record function, but it doesn't function as a looper.
Yes, I understand that the pedals from the video game rock star and others work well with this set.They hook up without any modifications. They are a little expensive, even used on E bay. Hope this helps. Jeff
The case is sturdy, but the main part of the stand fits in there pretty snuggly and once you add the base it is a tight fit. The folder would probably fit just fine but I don't think the flute would fit in the case. The main part of the stand is very heavy and quite substantial. Obviously this is a good thing from a quality standpoint. But it is a very heavy stand. I have been thinking about trying to get a different case simply so it has a shoulder strap and is a little easier to move around. But then again, I am also lugging a bassoon.
Yes it does :) It's a very nice stand but, if your going to travel with it a lot....keep in mind that it is very heavy. However, it withstands travel much better than a wire stand (we have been through two of those in one year). I definitely recommend it!
Yes, it does, and we really love this stand!
Yes, it comes with the regular USB cable.
Yes!
It's a midi controller so it does nothing by itself. It doesn't generate its own sounds. It sends signals to some other input like music software on a computer. If you want something portable that has its own built-in sounds you would want something like this: http://www.amazon.com/Casio-SA-76-Mini-Keyboard-Orange/dp/B003VX1GI8
Yes it works with any DAW that supports MIDI controller
The cable comes with the unit.
Absolutely. It doesn't come with an auto map, so you may have to map it or just track down a mapping online.
I have used it on ableton 8 and 9. Since ableton intro does allow for midi hardware I do see why it wouldn't.
They're significantly different pieces of equipment. The MPK Mini has no "brain", it's strictly a MIDI controller for software on a computer. If that's all you need and the controls on this unit are sufficient for your needs, it's a nice piece of equipment.
Absolutely. It works with any software that uses MIDI files.
I guess so, this product looks like it is compatible with any music compositor software. (Because of the brand) My honest advice for you is, look more info about it if you can before anything else. P.s. Cheers :)
There is no power button.
yes you can use your head phones to listen to the cue track. You have two output channels and the headphone output which can run output cue track or the live track.
yes you do have to use a computer with it......you can use the dvd drive on your computer to play audio cd, but the format has to be .mp3
Yes you can.
yes
Order or buy cables with RCA audio out and 1/4" plugins for your speakers.
Lol not a dumb question, it's kind of hard to tell. First you have turn on the effects by clicking the "Effect" button. It's located between the "Delete" and "Manual" button. Then you will have to select the effect you want (in this case the filter) by using the select knob which is to the right of the "Effect" button. Once you have the effect you want, you can use the "Control" knob to create the effect. Let me know if you have any more questions!
Yes you can.you only need to sync it with your laptop. I have played many downloaded music and it's fine
One is just fine
Yes it comes with a dj program, Serato Dj Intro. I'm not sure if it will work with Traktor I recommend you go to Traktors website and see if they support this controller if your gonna use Traktor.
Yes, if your have midi software that is 32 bit, no problem. Plug into the USB port and you are off to the races! If you are new to midi recording also, make sure to download the free "Ignite" software that came with the keyboard. It has basic user tutorials and walkthrus and basic synths and beats and so on that will "Ignite" your passion for musicmaking!
I have maschine as well any usb midi will work, I run my Maschine through cubase 7.5 so have control via cubase maybe give native instruments a call they are very helpfull !!
No, its USB connection iPad Mini does not have a USB. You will probably need to look at at bluetooth keyboard if there are any
No not at all. It's a MIDI controller keyboard, not a standalone synth. The sound source is typically software-based running on a computer.
I'm a PC guy but according to the manual it will work "with your Windows or Mac digital production workstation". The specific Mac requirements are OS X 10.4.9 or higher, 733MHz or higher, 512MB RAM or larger, USB port. Hope that helps.
Yes, any MIDI keyboard can do what you describe. Anything that sends MIDI notes can. Have fun!
It will work because it's standar midi device, but I don't recommend this, mine, a complete section of the keyboard stop working (8 keys). Look for a M-Audio.
Yes, you can! Press the MIDI/SELECT button(the button between the octave buttons), then press the "C" key(the lowest "C" on the keyboard, the key on the extreme left with the word, "VELOCITY" above it), then press the highest "C" key on the extreme right of the keyboard, the key with the word, "ENTER" above it. Then move the slider up and down. You will notice that when the slider is all the way up, there is no velocity sensitivity(all notes will be equally loud and crisp) and as you move the slider down, there will be more velocity sensitivity and as you move it down more, the notes will get very soft. To put the keyboard back to its original factory preset(always do that when you have a problem with the behavior of the keyboard) repeat the above steps but select the key marked "RESET"(the lower "G SHARP" key) instead of "VELOCITY".
I don't know.I ordered it for my son, and he does not live here anymore.
Somewhat. Luckily for you a nifty little electronic tuner is included.
Some left handed people play a left handed guitar, in which the order of the strings are reversed. It depends on the person. If they want to play with the order of the strings reversed, then you have to order a left handed guitar.
The guitar comes brand new in the case. Everything is sealed in plastic bags or in the guitar case. They are shipped together in a big box (shaped like there is a guitar inside). Keep in mind that the box may come soaked. I know this from experience and found the guitar polish empty. Turns out the bottle had a leak. Lol no biggie though! Everything was protected.
It has the same model number. I can only assume it's the same. The only difference is that one comes bundled with a couple of accessories. These accessories aren't the best quality, but it is a good starter kit. If you're going to end up getting your own accessories, then skip the bundle and just go with the standalone guitar.
Came shipped in the case
Yes and adjustable at body
Not sure, but if there is, there is no access and it's not adjustable.
Yes
I don't really remember. One set of everything, I think. I just know that I thought the whole package was a solid deal. I ordered some extra strings just to have them and some thinner picks.
Yes, it is a full size dreadnought guitar. Specs can be found at the Yamaha web site or other online guitar stores. It is a very good guitar, not just my thoughts, but by many experienced in the acoustic guitar community.
Can't remember if it included batteries, but you don't want to use those anyway. Have your own 9-volt. Other than this, all you need is some kind of soundboard/speaker system to plug it into -- uses the larger, 1/4" jack, comes with the cord.
It would work well.It is not commercial grade; however, works well. May want to watch and make sure care is taken when used..very reasonably priced.
Well i havent used it for a while but you could you would just need to go to the local electronics store and get a few converters
It comes with the receiving unit, a mic, either a handheld, or lapel, and power supply. This is an excellent unit for the price.
It is a wireless microphone. It need and amp, such as a VCR, DVD recorder of any type of amp such as a receiver.
ATW-T701 is compatible with ATW-R700. I don't think you can mix and match transmitters and receivers.
It is not 487 to 507 MHz. Band D - 656.125 to 678.500 MHz
Yes, as long as you order the right band.
There's a hole on the bottom of the mic that the stand screws into.
yes it did for me
If I measured correctly, it's around 160 inches!
Oh jeez dude, i dont remember, lost/threw away the box a while ago. Its a nice stand though. I havent had any issues with it, and Ive had it well over a year
It only comes with a USB.
Honestly no it cannot. It can but it goes through a balancing act and its a good back up stand, I'd recommend going the extra mile to purchase a more quality stand.
That depends on how far out you adjust the stand. It's not the best stand, to be honest. In order to really use it as an extended arm I keep having to weight the feet- the mic alone is too heavy for it if the lateral bar isn't 50/50
Yes
Yes
I mentioned before that I can't personally fix your microphone it didn't happen to me. However you can call the company and see if there's a warranty on the product. If you purchase the product recently you can return it. If you purchase the product with an American Express card they will double the warranty. So the main question is when did you buy this product. My guess is the company will give you a year and replace it for you so you have to get a hold of them.if it's been over a year and you happen to use American Express you're in luck because they will back up the warranty for an additional year.bottom line is it either goes back to Amazon or goes back to the company and you would get a replacement. I noticed RadioShack has a repair center now so does Best Buy if anything else you can try them.
This is definitely NOT an outdoor light strip. It's been great in the kid's room or for something like under the kitchen cabinet. Also, you can only link 2 strips together max with the low power supplied so don't expect to go 'great lengths'. It's a great little light strip for the price but know your limitations up front.
I haven't found a way to run off of AAs but I haven't really looked into it. I usually run them in cars so a 12 volt battery is always accessible. If you want to experiment with other power sources, go for it. A lower voltage will result in dimmer lights. You might be able to run the positive lead to the positive on the LED strip and run the negative to the color you want and have it work.
No not unless you get different power boxes and solder your own connects its one long strip that is all controlled by one power box
Yes
I'm sure it can be . seem about anything can be as long as the output is within the DC voltage peramitures .
These are 12 volt which connect like any other 12 volt light....positive and negative leads.
Not likely, as the power supply is 12 volt DC. But you could probably power it off the 12V rail in the PC power supply.
I don't recall actually measuring the strip, as I got these back in 2012. My project required 14. 3 feet (give or take), and I had extra left over. Also, just as an FYI a friend of mine used these to highlight a bar/lounge, and was able to plug three strips in series to one 12v AC/DC adapter. Good luck with your project.
You need to purchase a TSSS Data Repeater RGB signal amplifier to connect more than one 16.4 ft strip to a power supply. Available on Amazon.
The 4 wires on the strip have to connect perfectly. One of the wires isn't connecting through the adapter.
yes
They are an extra set ... It comes ready to plug and play
No it's not a dumb question and yes it is for right handed players. Left handed guitars are always labeled as such.
This guitar isn't worth even the low price. My son had to have a fret repair as soon as he got it. I recommend you keep looking.
Because i said so
measured one meter high
Yes it does.
Yes it comes with an amp cord.
Yes it is a full size guitar
Action is how hard you have to press the strings . This guitar is pretty easy I would say it's medium to low action, it's beginner friendly for sure, I have never played before and I was able to play pretty much straight out of the box.. Hope this helped :)
Are you sure you don't have the cables reversed? Try switching them anyway and see if you get something
Yes, it is the standard 5-pin midi connector, in and out.
I have Win7 premium and it works great for me.
I'm sorry, but I run MacOSX 10.6.8, so I can't really answer that question.
I am using it with generic midi win 7 and ableton. There is no driver involved with this cable so it should work just fine
It should work just fine! If needed, your computer should download any needed drivers. If you aren't getting any signal, be sure that the input/output is plugged in correctly. "Out" plugs into "in" and vice versa...sorta counter-intuitive. Hope this helps!
oh yes men, it works on everything. and the quality is great according to other overprice headphones that the bass is only distortion. im glad i could help. and enjoy your new headphones.
No, it is not wireless, it comes with 2 cords, one is straight and the other is coil. If you look under one of the headphones you will se the hole for the jack. If it was a wireless device you would see a USB jack or place for battery.
Hi, Marcellas. Yes. These headphones are great for movies. They have digital SRS inside, so they give a full experience. They were great for Transformers 2 & 3, World War Z, White House Down, and many more. On the contrast, they are also great for piano solos and strings. They are the total package for the price.
The Numark Red Wave has more bass than this headphone but it isn't too far behind... The Shure SRH550DJ is pretty much the same as this in terms of sound in my opinion but as far as value and overall features... You can't beat this headphone at it's price point... The Numark Red Wave only comes with a straight and rather long cord, which is detachable... The Shure SRH550DJ comes with the cord attached and non detachable... Both the Numark and Sure are $99 in the market... This Pioneer HDJ-500R is going for less than $80 bucks... Comes with 2x detachable cord... One coiled for DJing and one short straight for everyday use... Plus it comes with a 1/4" jack for the 3.5mm end of each cable... The cables that came with this Pioneer are durable and well made... The Numark isn't too bad... The Shure ones are too thin... I highly recommend these over the other ones... I've owned the other ones you mentioned and they work great in their own respective way... But you get a bit more quality and overall value with this Pioneer... Hope I was able to help...
The Pioneer HDJ 500 includes both 1/4 inch and mini Jacks - it should fit
I bought them for my girlfriend and I must say that they fit her pretty much over the ear. I do believe they're supposed to be designed to go above the ear though. Buy them! The sound is quality!
They're not officially noise cancelling but the sound is so rich, full bodied and clean that you cannot hear much of anything else. Leakage is the same. I love these headphones. I've seen pioneer for so many years and wanted to our case something other than beats. I'm so glad I did. I really love them.
Yes. They sound very good. The range for bass and highs are very competitive to higher priced headphones
I just went and looked at the picture of the "violet" color offered, and I would say that the color is more purple. I bought the red headphones, and, comparing the red color of my actual headphones to the color shown in the picture of the red headphones, I would say that the actual headphone color is a little darker red than shown in the picture.
Yes, they can be plugged into a smart phone or any device with a 3.5mm jack. I wouldn't recommend them for lawn mowing though as they are fairly bulky and don't grip your head all that tightly (they could fall off).
Total length is about 39.5 inches. Fret board is 17.5" (roughly). Body width (from top to bottom holding it) is 13.5 and is 17.5" long measuring at the top. Not a WHOLE lot smaller than a regular Les Paul, but some of course. Same size as my original 1959 which I stupidly sold twenty years ago.
Yes, that is why I bought this guitar
Yes
No it does not
Yes
Yea, other than that it sounds great and plays beautifully
Yes it does sir !
Yes, yes it does. But only works with Windows. You can work with any software, Mac or Windows based, but Sonar is only for Windows.
You can create 4 independent mixes via software and route them to the headphone jack or outputs I believe. Manual is here: http://roland.com/support/article/?q=manuals&p=UA-1010&id=62226931
All of the xlr inputs has the option to have phantom power. If you have a dynamic microphone, you can remove the Phantom power and plug the microphone. In short, you can have a mix of inputs that require phantom power and no phantom power. The Roland drivers for Windows are very stable in Windows 8.1.
Not Ableton Live. Sonar. I don't use Sonar so I can't comment on it's quality. I used it for a moment and it seemed fine. Ableton is for live performance. You might try Reaper. It's free.
Sonar LE crap!... REAPER good!
I'll tell you how... You throw it in the garbage and download REAPER instead... Problemo solved. Word of warning! If you download REAPER and you are having trouble with it reading your AI, revert to the original edition of REAPER, the file is there in the download, trust me, it will save you some headaches.
Yeah channels 1 and 2 are Hi-Z, that's all though.
Yes it is. I am running Logic Pro X on a MacBook Air. I did have to update to Mavericks in order to get it working properly, but if you have a desktop Mac I bet it will run fine.
Cartridge makers had way too much freedom in designing their cartridge bodies. Some mount with short screws, some with medium-size screws and some with long screws. The easy oversimplified solution to your problem is to find screws which are long enough. First find out how long a screw you need. Measure the height of the area of the cartridge through which the mounting screw will pass. Then add a little extra length for the area of the headshell the screw must pass through plus length for a washer and nut. Once you know the length you need you can either take your screw to a local hardware store and shop for or ask for the size screw (could be either english standard or metric) you are searching for. Or if you know the size of your screw in either english standard or metric terms you can try a web search for your specific size or try for the assortments of screws which some vendors offer. If you can't find an exact length, opt for a longer screw in the width you need because you can shorten the longer screw. If you need to shorten one remember to install a nut on it first and run it all the way up against the head before either cutting to length with a hack saw or grinding it to length. Removing the pre-installed nut after shortening will most always clean up the screw threads at the shortened end of the screw and make the re-installation of the nut when you mount the cartridge on the headshell easier. It sounds like a hassle, I know, but most of us cartridge swappers go through this at one time or another.
Yes
Yes.
those weigh exactly 6 grams without the adapter, with the adapter you are very close to what you have already. Is this for a 1/2" mount, or a P-mount? Most carts for 1/2" are around 5g. May I suggest an Audio Technica AT95e which is designed for a higher mass arm and would be perfect for the weight you described. Excellant sound, and a bargain for $40. a STEREOPHILE magazine recommended component for years.
Yes. This is exactly the set up that I have.
Yes! It is just a headshell, no stylus and nothing else.
Yes, it should work fine. I have a PL-10 which is a very similar turntable and this headshell works beautifully on mine. I'm using an Audiotechnica AT95 cartridge with it with great results.
............Oh Yeah Serval Cat!!.......As well as the Technics SL-23.......these T.T.'s use the industry standard tonearm so, you should not have any issues......
I donot know correctly.I have not seen Thorens TD-150MKII. You can buy universal cartridge with head shell.So you can use only cartridge or with head shell.Cartridge are almost same.You can use your old screws.
The Sansui does appear to have the same mounting arrangement for a headshell. It should fit. Never seen this arrangement having different dimensions !
Hi Swati. Here is the approximate measurement on my full-size cello soft case: 50" high X 17.5" side X 9" deep. The height does not include the endpin sticking out. The 9 inches deep include the center part of cello, which bulges out.
Yes, it is an excellent bag with pockets for bow and other musical stuff
I have never since this type of cello bag with the misspelled "music" as "muisc". The bag I have does not have such a word.
Good question! Even though I can't answer your question, I recommend that you speak to customer service of either Amazon.com, or get in touch with Vio Music, who is the seller of this bag.
I No longer have the box, but I'm gonna guess 20x20x12
Yes, if you look behind, you will see a large pocket, big enough to fit your music.
It folds into a priority box.
No
Hi Eric, Technically yes, you can connect a tablet, smart phone, laptop etc directly to this amplifier, the LE-3000. To do so, you would need a cable that is 1/8" on one end (end that is connecting to phone etc) and the other end should either have dual XLR male or 1/4" TS. These cables can be found here: SAXFRM-2x5 (XLR version): http://www.amazon.com/Seismic-Audio-SAXFRM-2x5-Patch-Cable/dp/B00AFEMMVQ/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1428329066&sr=8-1&keywords=Seismic+Audio+SAXfrm SAiTSY6 (1/4" version):
No, This amp is good for a pair of 8 or 10 inch mains or stage monitors.
Hi, No this amp is meant more for pushing a pair of floor monitors or a pair of 8 or 10 inch mains.
Hi, this amp is good for a pair of 8 - 10 inch speakers only.
Hi, Yes it has a fan. Thanks for the question
This amp push two seismic pa15 rated 8 ohms each fine not sure about 4 ohms
no, this is a right handed guitar. you should google left handed guitar or try ebay.
Yes, it comes with a VERY thin black bag. The bag has a zippered pocket and backpack-style adjustable straps. It says "Guitar" across the front.
i would instead get him a first act guitar
Yes and a bag, tuning whistle, picks and spare strings. Just not a "real" guitar more of a toy.
Hello,Evon here,dose it play well?. answer is A new guitar is very easy to keep the guitar tuned and playing great,always keep checking how your guitar is in tune,when you first get it,after a little bit it will stay tuned just right for you.if not there are a few things you can try ,is make sure your guitartune pegs are scewd in tight so it will not untune or back off, this will kept strings in place. next when the new wares off the guitar it is a good idea to keep the guitar in a dry and warm place ,due to moisture or cold weather will effect the tune of youre guitar. all and all your guitar will play good sounds as long as you stay with it. happy playing ,and enjoy the great sounds you will make. Evon Lions
I don't believe so no
No this is the worst guitar I have ever played on. It won't stay in tune. Investing a little bit more money in a better one will be worth your while!
No
The metal pieces at the top. Tighten to raise the pitch and loosen to lower it. The guitar comes with a pitch pipe which you blow into to make the note sound and you adjust accordingly. I would recommend better tuners or even going and getting lessons.
Not sure of the question. Are you talking about tuning them?
It should be fine for her as it is quite small and sounds good for beginners! It will take some effort to tune it at the beginning though.
It has a peg at the bottom and you tie the string to the head before the nut at the top of the neck. The string strap goes under the guitar strings.
Yes
Probably because it's a very low-end guitar. Spending $40 bucks on a guitar is for a true beginner. Why would someone at your level even use this?? That's the real question.
no but you can replace with nylon
No you would have to look specifically for a left handed guitar
Not quite full size. Big enough for me to play it...and my 13 year old as well. Great guitar to learn on.
Standard guitars are about 38 to 40 inches
You will eventually try several over the years and pick your favorite. They are not really expensive so don't sweat this decision too hard. Try these: http://www.amazon.com/DAddario-EJ16-3D-Phosphor-Acoustic-Strings/dp/B000OR2RNM/ref=pd_cp_MI_1
They are steel string s but I don't recommended this guitar the it's almost impossible to tune the bottom three strings
In my opinion it is a shoddy-built guitar with a famous name. The shoddiness is in the neck to body sturdiness - terrible sound as a result. Almost impossible to keep tuned. Yes, the name does mislead you.
I bought one for my 10 yr old grandson to play. It's a bit heavy; so, he plays sitting down. Being an electric guitar has two benefits for a young person. The neck is narrower than an acoustic guitar which is easier for them to play chords. Also, it takes less pressure on an electric to press the strings down. Anyway, my grandson likes it.
There is a standard music industry 1/4 jack. You can buy adapters to fit 3.5mm. The amp is a practice amp, it's not the best but the value is in the fender guitar. That you will not be disappointed in. The amp is ok.
Your answer is yes it is. Its design and depth is definitely for you. May I suggest purchasing finger ease . It will be probably more comfortable if you are persistent in your endeavor to learn
Yes
Customer service has assured quality service on their merchandise and will honor their promise.
No, it's wood. Rosewood neck, I'm not sure what the body is. this is a good first electric but it's not the highest quality on the market but its definitely worth the price.
No, it's a soft case. Totally inadequate. Still worth the purchase though. The guitar still plays great and that little amp is awesome. I would purchase this again for a gift for someone.
THAT IS THE CASE WEIGHT AND MEASURE
A solid body electric guitar one of the finest instruments ever made. Its tone ,melody and quality are beyond the description. It is a Fender and one of the best. A great investment worth far more than its price.
Should fit any ibanez it's got a little play in the neck area
On theory it should. I have 4 of this cases. I used them on 6 and 7 strings guitars with no issues. All Ibanez RG bodies should be the same size. I was told that the difference between 6, 7 or 8 strings Ibanez RGs is the width of the neck. I have never played an 8 string, therefore I can't be 100% sure. It is a great case. Revise the return policy before ordering, and the seller terms. If it doesn't fit, you should be able to return or exchange it. I hope this helped.
I don't know, I just use ibanez rg guitars(rg FM 420 and rg 1Xxvfve)
Probably not. 'Cus this case is made for rg 6 strings. And I personally don't think that you can fit anything with a fatter neck
I'm sorry but I can't answer your question. I would suggest you do what I did and contact Ibanez and ask them if this case would fit your guita. I wasn't sure it would fit my guitar so I asked them and they replied within 2 days as I wanted to make sure I bought the correct case.
No it will not , it is only for the jem an rg series from ibanez. I am using it for an ibanez rg760 I bought in 1987.
Hi, I'm afraid I cannot help as I'm a beginner and I don't know a lot about cases. However, I would suggest you do what I did and go to the Ibanez website and use the customer service to get your answer. I contacted them just to be on the safe side before I purchased the case and someone responded to my question very quickly. I think this is the safest thing to do so you actually get the correct answer from the people who know. Derek
Yes. Any "Super Strat" shaped guitar will fit perfectly, left or right handed models.
I honestly don't know I'm afraid as I' not too familiar with other guitar models. I went to the Ibanez website and used the contact us link to ask them a question and they responded in under 2 days. I thought it would be best to ask someone at Ibanez as they would be the best to answer. I thin that if you looked up the model at Ibanez they even told yold you on the details page what the correct case would be. Sorry I couldn't be of more help and answer your question directly.
As answered before; yes, the keys are weighted and feel and respond very realistically compared to an acoustic piano. (IMHO) For the money, it is an amazing digital piano. You get a whole lot of bang for your buck!
Yes you can do it . Indeed it I use it like this . You have to buy a USB to midi cable that's all
Yes
Mine has a very good sound. It's a year old now and has been played by 4 grandchildren and myself. We all love it!
Similar to real but not real... Much better than those toy keys.
Negative, but has a AV sound output, you can easily buy a convertor via BestBuy or RadioShack for $5. Will Headphones I am using Bose OE2, not for real audio recording. I recommend you search something on youtube and many videos will tell you what you should buy.
Yes, it does.
After selling this, I bought a Legato for cheap; the dimensions are close. 50"+a bit more long (I think the cheeks on the Allegro were just a bit wider) 11" wide, 3"or just over thick.
Ours came with the piano itself, a power cord, sustain pedal, music stand (attaches to the piano), and owners manual.
There are quite several features that the Allegro has that the Legato doesn't. Check out the Williams website www.williamspianos.com.
Yes, this includes all the accessories listed on the manufacturer's product page: http://www.mxlmics.com/microphones/900-series/Cr24/. Thanks!
Hello Yes from 8thstreet Music. Thanks!
Hello Boni, Yes it comes with everything the website mentions in regards to accessories.
This interface does work with a Mac! It's great because you can just plug and play. Although, you may have to open system preferences and switch to the USB interface in your audio output.
No asio is audio stream input output.. This unit is only output you can't record with it. I hope this helps! All the best,
perfect solution, work on mac and pc
most likely 44.1 khz I talked with a colleague and he says about the same we are not 100% sure. Peavey does not list this information
No, it will only work with a computer and cannot be used as a hub for power.
Never cared for on-board laptop sound cards. With this it is just a standard USB cable. This device just sends the pure direct audio with no compression. Thus process-free audio to feed your mixer or audio chain via a balanced XLR connection. The benefits of course are no hum or line buzz etc.
No this is an output device only. For an input, you need a pre-amp device. I highly recommend the Roland Quad or Octacpture series. Not sure how many input you need. I am assuming you are using a Mac since you asked about Garageband. The Zoom TAC2 is also a nice device.
It would depend on your computer settings. If you send only L signal than only the left would output. If you set your computer to mono than you will get the same mono signal on both outputs. The result will match your headphone output.
Yes you can.
No, you can plug into both sides or you can choose either the left or the right. Keep in mind that you need both sides if you want to record both sides of a stereo broadcast.
No idea does not work with ant of my equipment. And no help grom thebmanufacturer. Epeant another one ??,!!!!
I can't get it working with anything. bought 2 sets of lights and still can't get the thing to go...
Yes. It can strobe. I have used it for stage performance where I needed dimmer control for multiple high Wattage stage lights connected with DMX command. It worked fine. Word of caution, it can get finicky and was unpredictable when working for several hours. Hope this helps.
A fixture can have multiple lights, and in many cases, has a DMX out to "Daisy-Chain" to another fixture.
I don't know the answer. I use this to run 4 trees of four Electro 86 LEDs each. I've never tried to really tweak it as I primarily use single solid colors.
Still trying to figure mine out
No it will not. Everything is reset.
I don't use the color strips. However the color bar should have dip switches that can be set to allow the bar to be controlled by the Obey. you can probably check the user guide on Chauvets website to make certain of that.
I have had a terrible time getting it to connect. So I went ahead and bought a DJ light board and it works fantastic!
The 4 Bar is not wireless. Obey 4 will work with the 4 Bar, but why? Almost all of the functions of the Obey 4 are built in to the 4 Bar and can be controlled by the foot switch. The 4 Bar can be set to either 3 or 15 DMX channels and can thus be used with pretty much any DMX controller. I have a 4 Play which is similar to the 4 Bar and I set it to auto sound activated play. and use the Obey 4 to control 16 other separate assorted Par cans (usually setting the Obey to auto sound mode). Try Chauvet's website for details of the 4 Bar (or any of their products): http://www.chauvetlighting.com/4-bar.html
I bought mine brand new, but it should come with cables and software, if for some reason you find it doesn't i believe there is a sale still going on for traktor pro 2 software on native instruments website for around 40 bucks
It depends on your version of Mac. I advise that you research Traktor S4 MkII and your version of Mac. Theoretically if you have the newer iOS things should work okay, but shoot me a follow up message if you are having trouble. I am always happy to help a fellow music friend.
It should, yes.
I don't see why not. I run one on a dual core 4GB with windows 8. You might need to tweak your drivers to stop audio drop outs if you get any. Also don't run too many other apps alongside Traktor.
Andy the traktor s4 will work with windows vista 32 bit 3G
I imagine you'd have to show that you unregistered the software to NI
Yes
Yes.
After a little bit of research it does appear that they are releasing the Traktor s4 and s2 with upgrades. WHAT'S NEW FOR KONTROL S4 AND S2?? Not much has changed. The physical layout of the controllers has not changed one bit. It seems that Native Instruments are using the same casing design as the originals. Native Instruments have upgraded the following: Jog wheel Platters made of `aircraft grade' aluminium instead of plastic. Nice touch, looks shiny! All transport buttons are now colourful with 8 of them receiving RGB backlight for visual feedback. Flux Mode button has been added in where the original offset buttons are. (Great Idea, but this can be added to the existing mapping) Other then that, that seems to be about it.
Not right now. They've another device for that.
If memory serves correctly these are 1/4" but come (original stock) with adapters to the standard 1/8" on phones/aux-input devices, or vice-versa. I'm sorry I can't be certain, but in general adapters are great to have around. They are "flat" monitors so compressed (lo-fi) will be more noticeable because the headphones present sound more accurately. I used these for a couple years and only gripe is the squeeze on the head. Great for making music (due to accuracy) but if you just want to listen they show the wrinkles. Having a great pair of headphones is double-edged: On one hand you can hear everything, on the other you can hear EVERYTHING, so low quality recording or compression will bug.
They are good for any music, just wouldn't use them any time your head might get super sweaty
I think my ears are average. They fit over my ears very comcomfortably. I think the headphones still have some room. The pads are not pressing on my ears.
From looking on their site, slightly better frequency response, and slightly better noise level distortion. And, of course, price!
Yes. These are great cans for all production work. My only negative about these is that they are uncomfortable when worn for long periods of time. The band rest uncomfortably on top of your head, regardless of the adjustment. They're great sounding though.
Yeah they are good for just about everything, you might want something that goes a little more low range for heavy dubstep, but I do bass heavy stuff all the time on them. You just have to get used to them, they r very clean and flat
They are durable. I work in radio and bought these because they sound great. However, if you plan to wear them for long periods, they do get uncomfortable across the top.
Yes you can. It comes with a bigger adaptor but just unscrew it off and you can use it with the laptop or phone.
That is what I am using them for, because I cant blast in my apartment on the pair of M & K monitors through a Dynaco tube 70w amp, all rewired in Monster cable! The advantage of these cans is they go so low and flat, you know exactly how much low end you're printing, and same with the highs, without treble peak areas like any Sony or Sennheiser, you know just how bright you are printing. Yes in all fairness you can mix on them, have fun Bobby
The KRKs have the 2.5mm socket on the head set. I would simply use a rigid 2.5mm to 3.5mm adapter. They are in expensive. D&K or Monoprice make straight adapters for about $3 to $5. I would not try using a cable adapter because the mic won`t stay in place.
You have the standard Amazon return policy plus a one year manufacturers warranty. Check krksys.com for more details. Great headphones, by the way.
I feel it gets better over time. Either it gets softer or you get used to it. It used to bother me too, but I don't notice it anymore.
Yes, if you like relatively accurate audio reproduction.
These headphones can get the job done but if you want something that can just get really loud you need to look more into the specifications. Not sure what in particular is important but I know it comes down to physics. It may be the transducer/amp/or ohms. Try googling it. These headphones get loud and don't get muddy which is good as well. Try googling and read up on some stuff.
Well for the price the KRK's are a solid choice if you're on a budget. But there is definitely better. These give a pretty warm low end tone and isn't so flat. AKG's I know work really well but don't have first hand experience. Pretty confident those are going to be my next headphone purchase once these wear out. (And they're getting there)
Mine never worked, my friends only worked twice and got gummy from the soap even through it had been cleaned out
No its on or off. It's a wonderful device. I bought it for my kids. They love it. I think it's the perfect amount bubbles.
2 c's
They have both batteries and a chord
Not loud at all!
I don't know about showing up in photos because we didn't take any, but the amount of bubbles it produced varied according to the bubble mix we put in it. The stuff it came with was pretty good, but the dollar store bubbles I bought later were horrible.
If you find bubble juice that can create colored bubbles, I am sure it will work. However, the reviews for such product are disappointing: http://www.amazon.com/Crayola-Outdoor-Colored-Bubbles-3-Unmellow/dp/B007DV7BLA/ref=cm_cr_pr_product_top And more about iridescent bubbles: http://www.webexhibits.org/causesofcolor/15E.html
The juice goes at the bottom of the tray. The wheel will rotate and dip the individual blowers into the solution. Be warned that this machine does not take well to getting its electronics wet.
A little over an hour. It is easy to refill while running.
This worked out perfect with my DM-8. As long as you have one open input available, here is the cymbal arm:http://www.amazon.com/Alesis-Mounting-Hardware-Compatible-Simmons/dp/B00FUB4VYU/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1419254822&sr=8-1&keywords=alesis+cymbal+arm.
Yup. Comes with a cable and the hardware to hook it up to a cymbal stand
It's been a while since I purchased it - but if I remember correctly it did come with a cable.
Hi, sure you can, I use it with DM8 USB
not at this time, sorry.
Gibson. Billie Joe Armstrong signature. Check out Musiciansfriend.com
Check Musicians Friend and/or Music123, they have it listed with pics.
I'm an adult and the size is good for me, absolutely. I'm a beginner so strings are fine. I changed nothing as it came.
No&#65292;only the guitar. It is delivered and packed by hard paper box.
reverse the strings and yes
They come with steel strings, nylon strings are easier on the fingers in my experience but if he intends to play with steel strings I would just keep the steel on. But if it's just a hobby or something to play around with but you don't want the extreme callouses that come with playing then nylon would be better
Yes it is
I think it's a good starter guitar. The steel strings might beat ur fingers up a little but the guitar is inexpensive and sounds nice. Definitely good 4 beginners
I guess every acoustic guitar should have it. Rogue RA-090 too has one. Read this, http://www.ehow.com/how_8782747_adjust-rogue-guitar-truss-rod.html
Hi Michelle, it only has one peg at the bottom, but you can still put on a strap using the trick shown in https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IG97du3hTks. Hope this helps.
yes, it is
6.5 inches
I have found that as with any amp I have ever used, It depends on where and what....Where you are in the room and what other devices you have around that might cause that problem. Guitar model pick ups also...I use a Gibson SG w/ P-90 pick ups. Best to just move the amp around or move to a non buzzing area. Hope that helps Phil......Robbinn...PS//// I love my VT 80 and VERY happy with it.
It has a limited one year warranty. There is a card to register the amp, but the warranty is still in effect from date of purchase even if you don't return the card. You won't find a better, more powerful amp for the money.
Yes? Check this link.
The amp is made in Vietnam. Rest assured though, this is a great item. I am very happy with mine!
a)The amp does blues quite well. The Cali Clean (Green, Yellow, and Red) models are all based on Fender amps, the US 2x12 (Green) ia a 1959 Fender Bassman, and of course there are the 3 US Blues models. b) Hard Rock and Metal amps and effects are fully incorporated into the amp. I don't know about Iron Maiden (not that familiar), but I can get pretty much any Judas Priest or Metallica sound out of this amp. c) AC/DC's tone has been the hardest one for me to try to get, and I still can't quite get it, but then I'm not in a situation where I can really turn the amp up. Bear in mind that AC/DC's sound...it's not just the amps that they use (there IS the Marshall JTM45 amp model in the VT80+), but also the guitars and pickups. And the tonal qualities that come from TURNING....IT......UP !!! I just have a Les Paul and a 'Strat', and have never yet really cranked it up, so I can't really answer your Q re: AC/DC. But I can say that I've come up with an AC/DCish 'tone' that is....well.... "good enough".
No, but it sounds amazing and very similar to a tube amp. I am more than pleased with it. I highly reccomend this amp!
Yes
Of course you can.
Given that the MBox (or more expensive Avid device) is no longer the only I/O device that will work with v9, I am responding out of politeness since no buyers have bothered to answer you: the MBox is NOT in the box anymore. I've delved into the subject at Avid.com to see what's in the box. If you were getting v8 under the name v9, that would be grounds for a major lawsuit unless it is specifically stated that v9 is just v8 with the MBox requirement deleted from the code! It is an upgrade, but you might notice people are already offering to sell their version used here at Amazon: "What's in the Box? Pro Tools 9 software DVD (includes bundled software and guides) Pro Tools 9 drivers DVD Audio Loops DVD Pro Tools 9 installation guide Intro to Pro Tools 9 guide Software activation card Software Language Support: English, French, Italian, German, Spanish, Japanese, Traditional Chinese, Simple Chinese, and Korean" From what I have read you are getting new features for this crossgrade. If you were just re-buying v8LE with no improvements (I have read that some pros think it's a very poor upgrade, by the way...lots of crashing reported by many), and there was no I/O device, you would be getting severely ripped off. It's long after your question was posted, so you likely know more than I do, but I hate it when such a simple question is not answered by anyone who actually knows. Me? I think I will stick with Sibelius 7 even though it's owned by Avid. What they did add to v9 was the ability to work with scores instead of piano rolls, but they managed to break what Sibelius does by eliminating features. I question the entire marketing department at Avid a lot of the time at the roadblocks they put in your way: why not include an iLok 2 since the MBox is likely removed? THAT would be an awfully simple way to maintain customer relations at least until v9 stops crashing, right? I hope you didn't buy it and are waiting for a stable version. Reminder: I did not spend yet another couple hundred dollars for PT this time...I really get tired of how expensive this company's product lines (and this is the bottom of this particular line, remember) are, especially in this amazingly delightful economy. P.S. I should have bought gold instead of software upgrades back around 2000 when I knew we were in for a major recession/borderline depression that they are only now calling it, 11 years after I had no doubt we were facing disaster of epic proportions thanks to a Bonsai Boy's Dracena Bonsai Tree - Knotted Trunk Style Dracena Marginata (Draceana Marginata Stump) in the Southwest that wants only to be left alone so it can pretend it doesn't need to be pruned down to its root system, dissociated from anything it could reach, especially underground. Such as water, or lucre. ;--&gt;
Yes you do. Pro Tools 9 and up requires an iLok to even open.
My guess is that your computer does not currently meet the minimum system requirements for PT8. You may need more RAM, an additional HDD to record audio with, or just a faster CPU in general. You should be able to find the minimum requirements in your Pro Tools manual, as Avid's support website is next to impossible to navigate. Check out duc.avid.com, they can probably help more.
It works with any pedal that's electrically a SPST NO Momentary switch. Its interface is a 3.5mm stereo jack, so you need a mono-to-stereo 3.5mm adapter, which will then connect two SPST NO switchpedals, one via the right channel, one left. The BT-105 has two such stereo jacks allowing you to connect up to four total SPST NO switchpedals. The BT-105 interfaces with your computer much as does a wireless keyboard limited to four keys. The BT-105 emanates up to four different keystrokes from any one of five sets of keystrokes which you select by holding down one of the switchpedals while turning on power. The default keyset (all switchpedals open on startup) is UpArrow, LeftArrow, DownArrow and RightArrow.
Yes- that's what I use with mine
Yes. I use it with a Samsung tablet.
Mine just doesn't have the red sticker. I only have one issue with mine...when charging the light doesn't come on or change color do you don't know when charging us done.
Not familiar with Teleprmpt+, but it does pair easily with the iPad and works with a variety of other applications. I use it as a page turner for my digital sheet music. With two footswitches you can go backward or forward. Just follow the instructions for pairing.
Sorry, no idea.
Go to the Air Turn webpsge and find out the compatinle softwares. I use Music Reader. Good luck.
I'm using AirTurn on a Galaxy with MobileSheets but it should work fine with PDFs as long as you have it paired with your Bluetooth on an iPad
Hi!...ok....there is....Amazing Grace, Skip to my lou, On top of old smokey, Doe a deer, My country 'tis of thee, Oh suzannah, The pink Panther, Happy Birthday, Star wars theme, La Cucaracha, and The good the bad and the ugly....hope that helps!! I bought this as a gift so i can not say if the songs are easy or not - but - there is a guide with the notes for all of the holes and the songbook is small but looks pretty well set up. This company is very awesome, when i got my order they emailed me and said if i had any questions as i was learning to play - that i could contact them!! So i was def going to pass that info along to the person i am giving this too. It is a very nice looking instrument!
Yes, it came with a blue string (about the width of a standard shoe-string.)
This is a plastic ocarina, and is made from the combination of multiple plastics. The benefit of it being made of multiple plastics over one or two plastic components is that this ocarina is able to more closely mimic the purity of sound produced by clay and ceramic ocarinas, while still providing the durability of a plastic ocarina.
The fingering is somewhat different but the principle of lifting the fingers in sequence is similar to the recorder. It is not difficult to learn. The main problem is that it is out of tune with the recorders and with the piano. It is beautiful played by itself but don't expect to play in concert with other instruments.
Nope, the notes are to high
It says in the Product Detail section right above the Product Description section that it is key of C. However, this particular harmonica is sold by My Music Life and fulfilled by Amazon. Suzuki harmonicas are wonderful. I have three of them. However, DO NOT BUY FROM THIS VENDOR. My harmonica arrived dented and scratched and not in a box. It was loose in a padded envelop. I've purchased many harmonicas and all of them have had their own individual box and were sealed in a plastic sleeve. I contacted Suzuki and was informed that ALL of their harmonicas have boxes and this one is either used or a demo or from a boxed set that was broken up. Since it had so many scratches and a dent, I think it was used or a demo. I returned the product immediately.
The one that I got is a 'C'. They make them in various Major keys.
YES
Usually on the side of the top plate there will be a stamp. Suzuki has them in the middle if the comb frame on the back too. All the Manjis come I n standard keys. Good luck.
This listing is for the Key of C. Just search "Suzuki Manji" on Amazon an you will see the other Keys Available.
We are thinking it is in the key of C. We are saying this from memory, so if you want us to do research to be sure, please let us know.
The internal depth is 10 cm or about 4 inches. I opened it up and stuck a ruler in there. Externally, it's 11.8 cm or about 4.6 inches with the case lid closed.
Hi Deloris, Color could be called dark to medium cherry or red mahogany. There's enough warmth to not look like walnut without being glow in the dark red either. I've hung it against various painted walls and it seems to go well anywhere I tried it. They really are nicely made and literally nothing to assemble. I am thinking of buying at least one more. They're deep enough you can put many pieces in them. I hung smaller stuff with decorative push pins and hooks. Everyone loves them and I get to see all my family "treasures" anytime I want without having to dig them out of storage. Just a great find for me. Hope you like them.
I'm not sure John. The case itself measures 30 inches tall, 12 inches wide and 5 inches deep when closed. I think the depth might be a problem.
Unfortunately I don't remember where I put the key to the case so I just measured it from the outside. But it is about 27" long (hook being about 5" from the top), 10" wide, and 4.5" deep. I LOVE my case-- it's beautiful and a great way to show off an instrument.
I don't think so. I think this should be for permanent display only.
My case interior is approximately 10 5/8 wide by 28/58 high Measure your ukele
YES is Hohner 255 Chrometta 12 Harmonica, Key Of C Major
I purchased it for my Mother for her 99th Birthday as a replacement for one she wore out. I purchased it new, how old it was, no idea. It was exactly like Mom's and it had to be 20 plus years old. It is a very good model - Mom swears by it.
It is made in China.
It's for Mac and Winfows, Anthony.
It does indeed
Yes I believe you can.
Yes.
It should work just fine. I use logic 9 on snow leopard. I don't think there was that big of a difference between 8 and 9 that would cause any real problems
Works with Mountain Lion. However, the new Logic Pro X has the same feature built in.
Thank you for your inquiry. The Live 5 is intended as a guitar and vocal effects pedal. There are XLR and 1/4 inch inputs on the pedal for both of these devices. So to answer your question, yes if you were playing your piano separately, you could run your vocal microphone through this pedal to accompany your playing.
No problem. One guitar certainly can instruct two VL5s on what is the underlying chord structure of the song. This is especially easy because each VL5 has a 'Guitar Thru' socket you can use to send the guitar signal to the second one. If you want background vocals other than straight harmony, though, for instance some sort of call-and-response, then you'll of course need two singers on two mics.
This is the Live 5, we already put a request in Amazon to remove VL3G, I do not see any other issues besides simply deleting that name. Save an extra 5% use coupon code only through us during checkout: APHE4D4V Thanks for the suggestion.
Nor to sure about panning but it is mono or stereo capable and harmonies are selectable one at a time with many different harmonies to select from. I love mine but I've only used it in live performances. Wish i had one years ago!!!
It should work equally well regardless of what instrument is input. I have used it with electric guitars and acoustic guitars with a bridge pickup. Good luck!
Hello, technically is should be called a vocal effects controller. They put the wrong title. We have plenty in stock and have a special running this month 5% off coupon code: APHE4D4V. Here is a direct link to the product page if there is any info missing here: http://www.digitech.com/en/products/live-5, we also asked ama to update the title.
Yes the box is big enough for it.
Yes a laptop fits on the top sliding tray and can be secured with the included straps. Plenty of room for cables in there
Not shur measure the dimensions on both controllers. Or find the specs. They give you foam spacers to fill in extra space
Not under, but behind there is some space
No. It is specifically made for the s4 although you might be able to use pads
They leave enough space for extra cables and power supplies. I put my laptop inside with it and also have an RCA cord in there. I'm sorry I didn't measure exactly, but as long as its not really thick cabling you should be fine. What were you thinking of putting in it?
The width of this case is 20.75in (without padding) with padding it's ~20in
i think it would
Yes
You could most likely only fit two F1s in here next to a standard sized laptop on the too sliding tray. The size parameters for this case are only for the traktor s4. I would personally look at making a custom case if you already have that gear purchased.
For having fun, this bow is pretty rugged, and does a pretty good job. I bought a carbon fiber double bass [url=http://www.amazon.com/Natural-Mongolia-Horsehair-French-Carbon/dp/B00BRACFS2/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&qid=1418413292&sr=8-2&keywords=carbon+fiber+double+bass+bow#customerReviews [/url] bow to play on my gigs. The Mongolian black horse hair is finer to me than regular horse hair and plays well. The bow itself is almost bulletproof. I've lost fewer hairs than expected, so the build quality seems excellent. The tightening mechanism is relatively fast, which I appreciate, and doesn't lose tension. As standard technique, don't forget to loosen the bow when you're done so all the hairs don't pull out when you're not playing. The tip has a little turned-up nose, which you can sometimes use for a special, tiny sound effect. The width of the hairs is wider than some bows, so getting the string to vibrate at first is a little easier, which makes you sound more professional. A major factor will be choosing the perfect rosin, which I still haven't found. Lots of good rosins out there however. YMMV. As of Dec 2014, Amazon has one for $103.99 after shipping. You can spend less, and you can spend a whole lot more.
58" to the lower tuning peg and 60" to the top peg. Haven't bought new ones yet, so sorry, but I don't know if they are special made.
the strings are included and already installed...
Unfortunately, the box dimensions are to big for shipping the bass to Australia with US Mail. 70x10x10 inches. It can be shipped with fedex or UPS but it will be very expensive.
You can practice without an amplifier because it has a headphone output that is plenty loud enough.
It's packed in a 72 x 10 x 7 box, with styrofoam inserts. But, I would recommend additional packing inside, and double boxing it if possible. Thanks Raymond.
I would guess so . It is fretless. Available to ship at Max's Guitar Store.
No, it doesnt
Yes, I occasionally play this with a bow. To my ear it sounds great on the E string, decent on the A string, and a bit "electric" on the D and G strings.
Canada
First of all yes there is a lifting and lowering arm for placing the needle on the album and it auto returns when done . Also there is a locking clip that secures the arm in place when not in use ! It needs to be slid over to the right to un secure the arm before play . I hope this helps please let me know if you need more help or have any more questions . :)
Hello Marilyn, thank you for your interest in Electrohome The Winston EANOS501 does not feature an output to connect external speakers.
Hi Dean, thank you for your interest in Electrohome! The dimensions are as followed W 19.7" x D 12.6" x H 8.9"
Yes, it has a plug for the wall. The on/off power switch is in the back as well. I look for it for a while when I got. Yes, I like it very much.
I've been playing 180g records with no problem.
Its been a while since I got mine but there is a screw that locks the turntable in place to prevent damage in shipping.
Yes
Did you loosen the turntable screw? Did you remove the needle cover? Other than that, you will need to contact vendor. Tell them they must pay return postage (UPS return tag)
Not that I could tell, there's only basic controls for the sound
Im not completely sure. But my understanding is it has a two patterns the repeat over and over with the push of a button. One of them is sound sensitive I believe, because when room went completely quiet the lights will turn off. But once you clap they turn back on and every clap they change colors. I hope that helps!
I use mine in our family living room and it lights up the whole ceiling. I would just use one.
I purchased the "cheap" $30 generic laser about 6 month before purchasing the American DJ Micro Galaxian. I was happy with the generic laser until I received the American DJ unit. The American DJ unit is much much brighter, has about 300% more laser beams, has a remote control and has the ability to select only red or only green beams. Very much worth the additional $50 in my opinion!
No
It takes a 23A 12 V battery. They look like about half the size of a normal AAA in length
Nope, no clamps, but the stand is sturdy and can be attached with the hole is the bar or maybe just gaffe tape. If you tighten the screws on the side it will stay pointed in the same direction you point it. I will upload a picture of the box contents if possible.
just the design that it displays I would imagine I don't have the micro star but that's what I believe is the difference.
I have two of these and love them. I don't mount mine as I don't want a hole in the wall. They are the most interesting fun things. I use mine inside the house and it reflects in the mirrored wall. I also bought the second one to take to our farm in the country to bounce it off the barn wall. Love it and everyone who sees it wants one. I highly recommend it. Just fascinates me to no end.
This unit will run through a series of programs triggered by the beat of the music
I use it in a middle school with no problems. I mounted it on wall behind where I DJ from about eight feet off floor and point it at middle of room on floor. It is only bad if you stare directly into it. The lasers move around so much it is not a problem if it hits you in the eye for a second.
Yes it did, not a nice one, but it did include one.
It is not a battery. I believe it is a 12v a/c adaptor.
It won't plug directly into your laptop. You'll need a type of converter. To be honest I'm very disappointed with this wireless system...get something else.
Yes.
No it didn't
The keys are a small. Because it's portable.
You don't that I know of. Just has a power jack and a headphone jack. I run it through an amp and sometimes use a vocal processor to give it more effects. Like a little modeling amp by Fender.
I didnt get a power cable either! But you can use an old laptop charger (12v)
No there is no place for a pedal plugin.
All my keys came in fine, so I think it's a packing thing.
yes when you order it, however don't order from best choice products, the first order came broken with no cord, the 2nd time i ordered it from amazon and it was prefect came with everything however it does no charge tho
No it has a sustain button
I don't think this model supports the USB option.
I would say yes, if he or she is being supervised or sitting down. It is heavy glass so sure with one drop it will break. It's such a cool little gadget I say go for it!
Well yeah. You can play most Zelda songs I know of. The only catch is finding the music for it, whether learning it by ear, buying a music booklet (since this doesn't include a Zelda one) or finding them online. If you're worrying about it, its very easy to find music online, and Saria's Song is one of the more popular songs people put sheet music up for.
It's the light blue. Most of the pictures show it being light blue, and some show dark. I can assure you that the ocarina is the same blue as from the game.
I just had my son play each note on his ocarina, and there is a range of notes from middle C (alto) to high C (high soprano)
I got mine in fourth grade so yes
Porcelain or clay.
Input: 100 - 240V; Output: 9.5V, 2.5A; Center POSITIVE
Yes, indeed. It is the right power supply recommended by Casio.
I haven't had that problem with mine. Would suggest you check circuit breakers and/or try an electrical outlet in another room to eliminate that as a cause.
Shuold work with the CT-310.
I got the casio ade95 power cord and it fit fine.. maybe they sent you the wrong cord?Sorry I don't know but would write seller or manufacturer.
Per Casio and Amazon these are the only SA models this adapter is compatible with. I hope this helps and isn't just information you already had.The Casio ADE95 power supply is compatible with the following Casio keyboard models: SA-46, SA-47, SA76-, SA-77 and SA-78.
The input jack may be identical but the voltage may be different. Stick to the recommended adapter.
Yes, I took the keyboard & power supply to Ghana, Africa where there is also only 220 volts. It worked fine & in fact the power supply has printed on it that it is good for 110-220 volts.
I'm going out on a limb here, but perhaps you were looking at it twist tied and it appeared shorter. Once it arrives, you'll undo the twist tie and see that it will be as long as you'll need it to be. Okay?
bought both for grandson for christmas.worked greattoday , almosst to good at times LOL
I highly suggest it! But a little downside is it might be a little to heavy for him/her.
What do you mean no instructions? On how to play it? It's for beginner trumpet students
It says on the instructions it is. I don't play and don't know the difference. I bought it for my grandson and it was a lot nicer than the one he was given at school.
Yes it has, I took care of this trumpet for the past 2 years. If you do not be careful it will get the tuners stuck if you do not oil them.
Yes
Yes
7C
I purchased this from Amazon for my son, it is middle of the road and very good value for the price, my son is very happy with it after owning it for almost a full school year now.
Yes, a soft shell case comes with it
Yes but you will need this if you don't have a mixer. Hosa Stereo 3.5mm Male - Two XLR Male audio cable.
This is for a pair.
I received two well packaged speakers along with the XLR extension cables. Very happy with the speakers and cables.
The A-800Pro is nothing but a collection of switches. There are no electronics inside the keyboard that produce any tones at all. The keyboard must be connected to a PC or an external synthesizer to produce any tones. I use the A-800Pro with a PC running the sample software and the variety of sounds is great. Many different piano sounds, organs, horns, percussion. Lots and lots of fun. Good luck!
I already owned a version of Cakewalk, so I didn't pay a lot of attention to it, but yes, it does come with some version of Cakewalk recording software. I would check what verion, but can't find the disc. I think you would be safe to assume that all sellers would have the same version in the box.
Funny I do have a jv880 lying around but haven't tried it. I'd have to believe it would but can't answer for sure. I control a Muse Receptor
I've been pleased with the velocity control on mine. Each person is different, though. What I like might not be your cup-of-tea.
Yes, it works well with MainStage.
jeff im selling mine, i have a new one didnt get a chance to use. i bought a full synthesizer. if u need one http://www.ebay.com/itm/231410051720?ssPageName=STRK:MESELX:IT&_trksid=p3984.m1586.l2649
Not sure what you mean by performance. It's a midi controller. Without the optional power supply, it gets its power from usb while connected to a computer. If you intend to use a laptop or computer for performance, then you don't need the optional power supply probably. If you intend to use the midi out port, though, to control other keyboards or modules or as a stand-alone controller, then you should also buy the optional power supply. If you were going to use it, on the other hand, to control a DAW workstation and VST plug-ins, then it's fully integrated into Sonar X3, so mapping ACT to the DAW can be as simple as adding the APRO profile from within Sonar, and then selecting the appropriate MIDI outs (2 A-PRO in and A-PRO 2 on out), and it's done for you magically. It does come with an A-PRO 800 ACT editor for creating your own ACT mappings for other purposes, though.
All 61 key case is big. use some foam filling spaces .that a solution. or give measure for manufacture, and request a special order.
It will with Mainstage 3 software, a soft sync software for Mac.
no....has full size keys and I like the feel...not so plastic feeling...just the right amount of pressure. Roland makes the best controllers....I use this keyboard daily.
Yes, that's the best place to connected it into the pedal chain. Usually just after the tuner if you are using one. Good luck.
Yes
I use it to record home demos on my iPad using an inexpensive docking station. I also use it to practice melody line. I have never used it live. It is just a way for me to know I am off vocally and re-record.
Yes you can
Yes, a 12volt TC adapter
Yes
Yes, but the harmonies wont be as true without an instrument in the loop providing the root sound for the machine to pickup from. You can still use the provided keys without instrument as long as you are sure you are singing in those keys. Best of luck.
USB connection for connecting to VoiceSupport for tips, tricks, and updates
Yes. I use a Behringer condensor mic. It has a mic gain knob, ground lift button, & mic control (I think to blend with the instrument input). Has been used live as well as vocal tracking. It also adds compression to the vocals even when not switched to a hard correction setting.
What ever do you mean by " Modulations " First time I've heard this in my 40 years of music. If you are referring to Vocal notes then the machine will follow the chords you are strumming on your instrument if you set it to that selection. If you are not using a instrument while you sing, then you set it to the base chord( A, C, B, etc.) in the song your singing and it will follow with harmonies pretty close. However, If you change key somewhere in the song and are not using an instrument, it will not follow the key change. Hope this helped.
The breakout has 2 XLR ins, 2 XLR outs, 2 MIDI IO and a second 1/4" headphone output (the unit itself has a headphone out as well)
Absolutely my friend. This is a pro. Audio card. You can do a professional recording with this and send it to record companies. Top end. If price is issue look at roland audio cards too. Cheaper and do the same job. I bought tri by roland very cheap and good card. But this rme is up there withe best. Good luck :-). Whatever u do dont buy Motu audio cards. They are faulty and horrible. I tasted that before and had too many problems.
Hi Cecil, It depends on where exactly but roughly from 35-55. Thank you
Thank you for your inquiry. If you search "RME BABYFACE - Silver" in our store, you will find this product.
Sorry I have no idea Dave. I sold the card soon after I got it cause I found the Roland tricapture is a cheaper option which has loopback and has the hardware buttons for the loopback. I hope this helps :-)
Hello Yes these are in stock from 8thstreet Music, Thanks
Gary - I also wanted to check the size for you. The inside measurements are 21 1/2 inches wide by 11 inches deep - the height is not going to be an issue. So, if your RP falls within those parms, you'll be good to go.
Based on the manufacturer's dimensions for the Boss GT 6B (20-5/16 x 10-5/16 x 3 inches) and the internal dimensions of the SKB case the unit should fit.
Straight from SKB's website: 3.60 lb or 1.63 kg. Additional specs are there if needed.
The shipping weight of the factory packaging is 5.2lbs. The actual product weight is 3.6lbs. This information is from the manufacturer's specifications. I've never weighed my case, but that sounds right. I hope that helps!
yes it will fit. It is a universal design. If you are not sure measure your line 6 processor
21x11x3 are the inside dimensions it hods my GCP Ground control pro and mission engineering expression pedal perfectly
It is a great product for beginners. I personally would have the kid start out on virtual dj free edition without a controller and see how much they use it so they don't end up just throwing it to the side and never touching it again. Once they demonstrate that they are really into it then I'd say get them a mini controller and then this one, and after that a professional one. However, if money is not an issue, then yes, this is a great product.
It comes with Virtual DJ LE but can be midi mapped to any software.
My son says yes it will work but you'll need to download the software required instead of loading it from the included disk. He loves his!
No you need to plug it up to a computer. The Ipod deck is just in case your computer crashes, you can't mix with it.
Yes, even if you type with your forehead
yes it is I use mind for a Hp 2000 notebook pc
That's a possibility if you get the right size to fit the holes.
It actually breaks down enough to fit into my laptop bag. The center bars unscrew from the side pieces and both sides are two pieces each. So, yes you can fit it in a car.
It depends on what your opinion of "securely" is and it depends on the dimensions of your netbook. I would be slightly worried your netbook would be too narrow to fit properly, but at even the higher levels it supports my heavy hp with XL battery with no issues.
Yes but be careful because my laptop is 17 inches and takes up a good bit of space
This unit is a powder coated metal of some flavor, there are no holes for mounting you want to permanently lock it to your set up, but I use it for my audio console for mixing music and live events. I simply put the unit under the edge of the console and it holds it well. The bottom sections have a rolled / folded section so that is puts the console up on a bit of an angle. I have also used it for two laptops. I hope that answer helps.
About an inch. It will fit any laptop I'm sure. But I don't know if you can put CDJs, Turntables, or larger equipment on it.
It doesn't fold up. You'd have to disassemble it. It's not too difficult to disassemble and re-assemble, but it's more of a pain than merely folding it up. Truthfully, I don't know that I'd use it to travel and gig with...especially when you have it setup at the higher levels. It's stable enough for home use for me at the higher levels, but I wouldn't trust drunks around it. I'd pay the extra cash for something for stable.
I guess depends on your laptop screen... this is what the stand will go..Height Range: 6.3 - 10.9 inches I am using a Macbook Air with a 15" screen so yours maybe different.
Yes, indeed. If your need was like mine (no built-in pre-amp on the turntable and no specifically dedicated phono input on your amplifier) you will find this unit to be the perfect solution to needed amplification of the turntable's output. Don't forget to hook up the ground wire as directed or you may wind up putting unwanted noise into the audio.
No. No on/off switch. Plug the wall wart (power supply) into a switched power supply such as a power strip, power conditioner, etc. Wouldn't recommend just leaving it on all of the time when not in use. Product works very well for what it is intended for.
No. This is a signal amp not a power amp.
Yes
This phono preamp is specifically for record players. The signal level and EQ is very different from other sources.
If the sound bar takes regular RCA left and right then yes, it will. If you're plugging the turntable straight into the sound bar and the turntable doesn't have a built in phono preamp (most don't) then it will work. If for some reason there is already a preamp then this will probably damage something.
yes. you will also need another set of cables to go from the pre-amp to your auxiliary input. These are the same cables that are coming out of the turntable into your receiver. I'm assuming your Yamaha receiver does not have a pre-amp.
It just boast the signal for the receiver.
Same here. Worked great for a while then started with buzz/static that makes it unbearable to use.
No, it's a preamp to allow a phonograph & play through a newer receiver that's not otherwise compatible..
I have mine pushing two Peavey SP-15's. Seems to do quite well.
Very good price, meet the need for small church
Yes. It has red/white audio connections in the back
Haven't tested it yet in that configuration but I think it would no problem
This amp unit will not connect to your home theater receiver directly. You would need to reduce the speaker level output from the receiver to a line level input to Pyle amp. I used it for a subwoofer amp because the receiver has a line out RCA output that connected directly to the 4100.
Yes you can if you have connector's in the back of your powered mixer. There should be an input connector on the powered mixer.
It's because the original charger that's built into the unit is not a smart charger. So I bought a Del Trans smart charger, then i went to radio installer and had them put a new electrical connector at the original battery to accept the quick disconnect cord from the Del Trans smart charger. Then I cut a notch into the battery door so the other end of the quick disconnect cord can be accessed. When I'm not using the PA I keep the charger plugged in 24/7. So when I'm ready to use the PA it's always fully charged.
No. If you order this unit and it fails for some reason you have to return it at your expense plus 25.00 for the return to you. it comes with a one year warranty but will only play mp3 format.
no it does not have a cd player
I bought this unit last May and I am now having problems with the unit. I charged the unit overnight so I know it should be fully charged. When I go to play music off the USB or the Auxiliary the battery lights start to flash and the music stops playing and you can hear feedback through the speakers. The speaker is making the feedback noise when the battery lights are flashing. When I just turn the power on to the unit with nothing plugged in the Red light showing battery low is on even after charging it over night. I don't use the unit very much so I am shocked that I am having problems with it. The item is still under warranty however pyle pro has a 3rd party Service Center in New York called Sound Around and they want me to pay shipping to send it to them and for them to send it back to me after repairing whatever is wrong with it. Shipping from California to New York was going to cost me about $90.00 round trip. I spoke to a manager at the service center and he told me that it was there policy for the customer to pay shipping. So now its up to me to spend $90 to ship it to them when I only spent about $200 on the unit.
I love mines, havent had any problems with it.
Yes it does.
not much,..not good
One mic and one instrument, or two mics and no instrument. I bought two PA's and we have more then enough power for two guitars and two mic's and works good and sounds good in a tent.
I don't know, but you can plug your laptop and hear music..
Yes as long as you programmed each mic on two different frequencies
Yes
I don't know I just return everything back to Amazon.
yes
UHF is less prone to interference than VHF but needs a direct line of site from the Mic to the Receiver. Also, the range is not normally as long as VHF. UHF is not great at going through walls and other obstacles.
The Pyle-Pro PDWM3300 Wireless, is working fine, but, one of the microphone is not enough loud. I wonder why. Delivery was fine, the equipment came completly and on time, just the sound in one microphone is not working properly. After all, i am happy!!
About 300 Feet but the mics wont last long I recently bought the Deura DMU 2000 Delivered for $156.24 Far better mics , 600 foot range all metal build!!
Sure you can, with the right cables... adjust the volume on the receiver all the way down first, then check for a signal as you slowly turn the volume up.
yes you can but only 1 use per charge!I keep 3 sets per event on hand so I know the job will be flawless.
It seems like it was manufactured in China. I dont have the original Box it came in but there is a made-in-china sticker under the receiver. I also noticed a name - Shenzhen Ruijing Industrial Co. ltd. - on the adapter. But I'm not so sure if they are the actual manufacturer or just the distributer.
It does hum but most amplifiers do because of the way it is constructed. One way of addressing the humming is to make sure that the volume is not too loud and the effects are set so that they are not "maxed out". This amp is a practice amp and should not be mistaken as a stage or heavy duty amp. I use mine for a PA because it has very limited capacity but the clarity for voice is good enough in a small hall. I don't run my keyboard on it because the sound is very "teeny." It is a great amp for the price and what I use it for.
It is NOT an acoustic guitar amp so it has no balanced line in and only limited EQ. I'd pass.
know you can not it too small. you can only plug in keyboard and mikecorophone
I am not sure any amp will handle a bass , The problem I had with mine was the Hum that many are reporting about If you are looking at up grading Tracy from a smaller amp and want risk that you get one that will not come in with the HUM and handle the Bass go for it . Also you have the time to wait for the A/z return to get a name brand that will work if this does not ,like I had too. Then go for it ! Other wise spend a few bucks more get the better one right off and be happy w/o the 3 weeks it took me to get the replacement in since mine was bad out of box . Hope this answers your ?
It's pretty loud...but I use it in my English class and for my dance squad. It puts out great loud sound.
Yes
It was some time ago but if memory serves, i got a warranty card with instructional material in mine. Yours may very well have been repackaged.
Yes
Yes
Negative...guitars and basses are very different
Only plugged into the wall. It is a decent amp for the price.
no, get the 30watt and use the output jack
I don't know I use it for sound when viewing video in my class; but I want to say that the music teacher has one like it and she teaches bass,
Comes with the power cord ...if you refer to the cord that connects the guitar to the amp,must get it separated...
110V 60Hz
If you electric drum set has a phone output jack you can use this amp. I use it for my keyboard beside my acoustic guitar.
Absolutely ....same cord as guitar. I love my little amp. Had it about a year now. It packs a powerful loud punch.
Body type: Mahogany/Quilted Maple Top - 22 Frets Maple Fingerboard Maple Neck - 3-Way Selector Switch Chrome Die-cast Machine Head - Volume and Tony Rotary Controls Bolt on Neck - Pickups: Two Dual Coil Single Pickups 25.5 Inch Scale
That device is to plug in the cables
I think your talking about the guitar tuner. The tuner did not work for me though. on the good side this is a good guitar.
Yes, I have two 15 subwoofer going through mines and I play mines through my game system
Yes it would. I am pushing 2 10 inch car subs. They are rated at 500 watts and 4 ohm.
I do not think so. They are not mono or bridgeable.
It depends on how many watts the sub is, but to answer your question yes. Slowly turn the gain on amp master volume up, you'll be able to hear how much the sub can handle by distortion. This amp is a beast and it can blow that sub if not careful. I'm pushing to 12 cerwin vega with mine and it's loud.
That is pushing the speakers to the limit and some, but you might maybe be ok playing them on one channel with the amp a little less than half way on the max control volume on amplifier. See if there is any distortion, with receiver or mixer half way up, if so you need smaller amp or speakers at least 200 watts rms. At 50 watts rms you only tipically looking at 25 continuess watts a speaker. Rms is the max the can handle before the amp clips or speakers blow visa versa.
No
No,I don't think it's a good amp at all,lots of feedback, not a lot of power, you need to go bigger or better.
Bad speakers? Bad speaker cables? It's not as loud as it should be, but it's not that bad either. Send it back you have a lemon.
Excelent
Ya man its a rock in amp for the price I have two..just upgraded but still use these as backups.. I recommend for a beginner yes..G
I use a mic stand with a round base to hold it and then use a boom stand with a boom arm extension to hang my mic down
I suppose you could but you would need to put something underneath or else the reverb off the desk would defeat the purpose I suppose
I suppose you could, but the desktop would be a reflective surface which would defeat the purpose of this reflection filter. I would at least get a desktop stand to elevate it off the surface of a desk and eliminate some of the reflections.
1-Year Product Warranty/Return Policy Mirrors Amazon's
A thin metal strip, yes. It's not fantastic, but it gets the job done; since my mic stand's thread isn't big enough to include the washer, the strip could get worn down over time I imagine.
I have two and they were made in Indonesia. Both are solid instruments and came set up very well from the factory. In fact I use one of them every time I gig. Hope that helps.
This bass uses bass wood. For a bass this can be OK. I had this bass and I am getting another one just because it played so well on recordings with boost. I was well pleased with this bass for overall performance and feel. Yes you will have to do some tech work like a complete setup. Dress the edges of the frets too. Bass wood is not as bad as folks might tell you. It is a low cost wood used for making instruments but for some reason on this bass is is a good choice.
Mentioned the length last time--46" from end to end. Body of guitar is about 13.5" x 20" at its widest and longest. Depth/thickness is about 2.5"-3" I imagine the Fender website has more detailed specs.
About the only things on this that are actually close to being a jazz bass are the jazz bass pickup and the control plate. The plate is close to a jazz bass control plate if no the same piece. It is a P J combination as far as pickups go. It is a Jaguar bass that is modified. It does have what is sometimes called active electronics and it does work well plugging straight into the board for recording. I once owned this bass and it is a great studio bass and a great bass for gigging. This has a lot of tone and is real versatile too. Some minor set up is going to be needed and that is usual for all instruments. If you are looking for a great bass for the cash, this is your bass. IT IS a Jaguar bass. It is a Fender product and it is good gear. This bass is one of my first choices for a bass on a budget. You cant go wrong with a Fender product even if it is a Squier.
The guitar does not come with a case. You can find a generic or Fender case on Amazon.
No gig bag, just a guitar in a box. Then Amazon ships it in another box with more packing material to protect it. Packed well, but no bag.
Right...it is standard scale length. 32" or 34" length I think. There is a short (scale) neck version of this bass. It is $20.00 cheaper and has passive Jazz and P bass pickup configuration.
No, this is a long scale bass. 34 inches nut to saddles.
16.25 Inches lower bout.
Product Dimensions: 44.5 x 18.2 x 6.5 inches ; 10 pounds, Fits a standard dreadnaught guitar.
No
This is 'the' case for the FG series. It will fit it perfectly.
Here are the dimensions of the inside of the case: lower bout-16.25", waist-11.25", upper bout-11.75" (plus some extra room for pre-amp controls), body length-20.25", max body thickness-5.5", neck area length including headstock-23". These are the maximum guitar sizes that would fit in this case. My guitar is a little smaller on all dimensions and it fits nicely with a little wiggle room. Hope this helps.
Not sure. I use it for my six string Yamaha FG 180 and it fits nicely. So your best bet would be to just compare sizes of each guitar.
It won't fit! Your guitar is at least 3" longer than my Yamaha and it fits with no room to spare. Hope this helps!
I'm not sure about your particular guitar, but if it is a "standard" size guitar, it should fit without a problem. This case is large enough for my Yamaha FG-700 6 string or my Yamaha FG-420 12 string. Either guitar fits well with room to spare top-bottom. The case is very well made, including a latch lock and key if needed. Hope this helps!
Here's what I got off of Ebay: Upgraded handle, latches and hinges Thick plush inner padding 3-ply inner laminate Outer dimensions: Width x Length x Height: 16.00" x 43.25" x 5.00" Inner dimensions: Length - 43", Height - 5", Upper bout - 12", Lower bout - 16.25"
Probably. The body of my Takamine is about 20 in. long, but slightly less than 16 in. wide. Other answers (on Amazon) seem to indicate that it will fit up to 16.25" wide.
This case is made for the APX Thinline series. Don't buy it if you don't have a small guitar. Int Overall Length 41.25" Int Body Length 20" Int Body Depth 5.5" Int Lower Bout Width 15" Int Upper Bout Width 11.5" Exterior Length 43" Exterior Width 15.5" Exterior Depth 6"
I've never heard of the 700ii, but definitely the 700. I will suspect that if it's the APX series, yes, they will both fit. I have the 500ii.
Bought this for an acoustic guitar and had to send it back. Other reviews said they had the same problem. I don't remember seeing it was for a steel string guitar or I would not have bought it. Doesn't matter because it did not fit the acoustic. Hope this helps.
I am sorry but I can not say for sure .
I'm not sure
no
Yes, this case will fit. There is really nothing else for this price. Yamaha has discontinued a lot their cases, so this would be your best bet. Thanks.
Hi there sorry for late answer. Yes i bought this case for my Yamaha APX500 and it fits perfectly. The quality of the case is very good, great value for money
Can't say for sure about the size, but I don't recommed the case. I returned the one I ordered because two of the hinges were broken and the pins holding another hinge pulled away from the case the first time it was opened.
I don't know for sure, but if the body and neck of a 12 string are the same as with any typical dreadnaught, it ought to. There is a healthy 3" of space from the top of the head of my 6 string to the top of the case. I know a 12 string has a longer head, but by how much is for you know. Good luck.
The IK Multimedia apps are free, you can choose to upgrade. Will work with any iPhone or iPad. Many free apps available.
Have you downloaded the iRig Recorder app? And once you do, have the app open on your device when you're recording, even when recording video through the camera on your phone or tablet.
The cord is 1,90 mts long. For my radio interviews is the best.
No battery required
Man your better of buying a condenser mic this mic sucks doendoes not work for android well always static
Dont know; but either way, issue was that it didnt work so wasnt good for pc OR mac...
No app needed. It just works plugs into the headset jack, and picks up the sound when doing video. Super easy
the mic plugs into the headphones jack, on the box it says that it works with ios and android devices, im not sure if the kindle is android or not, but i suppose it should work. and about the apps, i can only tell you about the ones that i used on my iphone, which are iSing (but the mic worked really bad on this app, but its free so you can try), DeVox - this one is very easy and it's like 2$, and then there's the one that i currently use, which is more of a little studio thing and it is VocaLive (this app is from ik multimedia, so if you can find it, i suppose the mic should work for you)
not sure, couldn't make it connect on the iphone, friend made it work on the ipad
Yes, it's designed specifically for iPhone. It plugs into the headphone jack, ans headphones plug into it. Works great!
No, you have to buy one. Universal 12v works tho.
Yes, this control will dim the LED strip.
Yes.
Pwm
i have tried 15' successfully
Yes if purchased at the same time and by the same dealer for instance LED Whole sellers one remote will work as if in the hundreds I have purchased from them everyone works on the same IR signal
I have not tried submersing it so I cannot attest to that. I doubt that the control box is, the IR diode itself, maybe. The diode is probably OK for rain the box would be iffy, but submersion is another issue.
Mine came with instructions. I can upload a JPG of them if there were a way.
its 2.5
I ended up getting 3 of them...trying to get one to work. No such luck. I think the controllers are very inferior. And I wasted money on batteries. The seller seems quite uninterested. Gary
It will work with a regular XLR cable. All of the sound techs I have dealt with since purchase say that in spite the TC-Helicon having built in settings for this mic, and it having the effect on/off switch on it, that they much prefer that I use a regular Shure Beta microphone.
The microphone will definitely work but I'm not sure the control button will control the effects of the Harmony Singer. I would go to the TC Helicon website and look for the answer there.
Yes, it works seamlessly with the VoiceLive Play. I use it in performance and am very happy with both.
Yes
S. Martin, it works as an on/off button. I don't know if it's able to set the button to activate the effects while you hold it, but I think no. Changing the subject, I see an issue in these button mic: I'm used to run, jump etc. in the stage, so while performing these way I was turning on/off the effects unconsciously all the time, so I stoped using it. I bought an Electro Voice ND767 and I liked a little bit more of it's performance - but both are great.
A PA system is the best choice, but a bass amp will work. You need a 1/4 plug to go into the jack input.
Yes, very good sound with guitar or bass. Have used it at gigs many times playing just guitar.
I have not had any issues with mine. Some folks reported issues with buzzing, but was related to the speaker not being tightened down correctly. Buzzing without your bass plugged in sounds like a ground loop problem. Have you tried powering it from a filtered source? (I use a Furman PL-8 which was already inmy guitar rack)
The line out jack is a preamp output which you can patch into the input of another amp. It is not a speaker output for an unpowered cabinet. You can also patch it into a mixer for PA or recording.
I had no problems. You are turning on the toggle switch on the back of the amp, correct?
Yes. I use the line-out in live and practice situations to run to a mix board. As far as cables, you can find 1/4" to USB adapters pretty inexpensively, as well as 1/4" to 1/8" (computer/headphone size plug). Either one of those should enable you to record a single instrument with Garageband. If you're looking to record frequently, or record more than one instrument, I would look into a interface, like the ones offered by M-Audio or Presonus (just search Amazon for "m audio interface"). With an interface, you would just need another 1/4" cable to run from the line out to the interface.
The BA-108 has a "CD Input"(left and right RCA "phono-pin-plug") set up for external devices. So, as long as you have the right cable....you're Ok.
You can plug your guitar into this amp. There is no on board effects (reverb, distortion, etc.), but you will like the full, clean tone.
It uses a standard 110 wall plug. I think it's way too powerful to run on batteries, and there isn't a provision for batteries.
No, it does not have an angled back.
It is a steel stringed guitar.
Hi, The Fender Metro is definitely a bit higher end. A little over a year ago, the Fender Deluxe bags were discontinued and replaced. However, some dealers still have stock. I'd say the Deluxe is a great value if you can still find one. As I said though, the Metro is definitely nicer so if you don't mind spending the extra $$ then go for the metro. However, if you are on a budget, the Deluxe is actually a really nice bag. Good luck!
Bronze acoustic light.. these are 12's ... any brand will do..
I just bought a gig bag at a local music store and that works just fine.
This is an excellent guitar all the way around; the price is right on, and the quality of sound will amaze you; don't hesitate to buy, at this price its quite worthy...! I bought one for my daughter and she loves it; I have an acoustic Epiphone costing twice as much, and the Fener CD-60 is right there with it... Great buy! Thx. Hollywood'n AZ.
Yes, it is a nice guitar for a beginner and someone who has been playing for a while.
can only ship in the USA
Hello, YES a Hard Shell Case is included with this Guitar from 8thstreet Music, Thanks!
Excellent guitar for beginner but could last a long time. Very well made acoustic. Please call me anytime with any other questions. Thank you, Adam GTRSTORE 646-460-8472
Yes it is a really quite case. It has a nice fende logo.
It has knobs and not sliders.
Honestly I am not sure, but would guess they are OEM strings from Gibson. Your best bet would be to contact them directly and they would be able to help you out with that.
Well I have both le and non Levi believe it's just the color that makes it limited that being the "ebony". The sound is the same the electronics are the same as well.
I ordered the Epiphone case made for this model. Solid case, good fit. http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0002FOBOY/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o04_s01?ie=UTF8&psc=1
Vintage Sunburst is available on this guitar Gary. Thank you.
Make sure there are batteries in the tuner/pickup, and then push in the button that is marked "tuner". Now, pluck a string. You should see a light flash up next to the note, and down below, it will either shine for sharp, flat, or in tune. I hope this helps!
In my opinion, yes it is. I happen to have been born with my mom's hands (rather small for the average man), yet I've always been attracted to the Bass guitar & Hand Drums (Congas, etc.). Yet I've noticed that most of the best bassists (Stanley Clarke, Jaco, Bootsy Collins) tend to have large hands, which makes it easier to manipulate the strings. Not deterred, I have been practicing for some time with the standard Bass (Fender P-bass) and others. When I saw this particular bass, I was immediately drawn to it. It's a beautiful instrument, and much less expensive than whats known as the "Beatle Bass" that Sir Paul has played for years. Rogue has made a fine product here, affordable to those of us who don't play for a living, yet desire a great quality instrument that's beautiful and professional sounding(in the proper HANDS)! I highly recommend this instrument. Hope this helps!
Hi. Yes white banding and yes mother of pearl style pick guard. I like it. Thanks for asking. Dave
Can be heard clearly, but not to be compared to a stand up.
I like it a little better, but they are pretty similar. Rogue feels a little nicer, better neck.
Mine is quite a bit darker in real life. Mine is a dark brown on the edges that blends into amber and then yellow/orange maple pattern. Very nice.
Yes, it does have an adjustable truss rod.
Hofner has a black one but the Rogue, I've only seen this color.
Yes Works well Just repeats a pattern that is put in or prerecord and use #d memory ( best to write these down You can download or create melodies
Sorry, but I do not use regular 9v batteries. I always use high capacity 9v rechargeable battery like (iPower Pro). And they last about 8+ hours and take about 45 mins to recharge.
I don't think so. But I have noticed one thing it is noisy. I use a wallwart to power it even with a battery it's way to noisy. I also have all high quality patch cables. So might want to check something else out.
Yes.
yes you can. you can even loop on top of your own voice and create your harmoies. this pedal righteaous. get the addional foot switch if the double tap doesnt work out for you.
Not sure what you're asking but, the pedal is "single program" (stereo or mono) and there is no "thru" output.
No it doesn't.
Mine has never had that problem could be faulty, tell him to contact Boss.
This is a very effective, intuitive, and as usual, sturdy boss product. If you buy it, you should keep it.
No you can't as there is no USB mic input on the pedal. You can get adapters that might work. That being said, it's no work this because its a small pedal and all those wires and adapters would be a mess. Not worth the money and hassle. Hope that helps. Cheers
No it does not
This Keyboard features synthetic/Grimy/Gritty and techno sounds. There isn't a single normal/classical instrument on it, its not intended for that, however you can use it as a great Midi keyboard with Ableton which has dozens of different types of piano sounds. For the price, its perfect for sparking ideas for electronic music, lots of weird and cool stuff on here and you can Tweak every single thing on it. Its not supported my the company any more, its more of an orphan and could become a collectors item in the future.....maybe. Minor updates provided by the origional publisher of the VYZEX software so its still functional even with windows 7/XP. Happy Hunting
Yes, it comes with a power cord.
Yes, you do. You can also use it with headphones.
No
hi. i think the m audio venom is out of production. but im not 100% sure. i have not seen any software updates 4 it since 2013. im not sure what your budget is, but their is a another great Electronic dance synthesiser called virus. also available is refx nexus or ni massive is great 4 electronic dance music. or if u like any old skool instruments 4 EDM, then ebay has tons of them & u might find an m audio venom synth their. when i mention these products, these are just suggestions. but be sure u listen 2 demos of what u buy 2 make sure u like the sound of it so that u r happy with it
Don't know the answer but I can tell you a few things that may explain that: (1) this synth appears in the "legacy" section in the M-Audio website i.e. it is officially discontinued (2) just before being discontinued, they sold them for as low as $180 -and I know that for sure cos' I bought one at that price tag in amazon (3) that price caused buyers to rush (many many forums spread the info an alerted buyers). Bottom line: they were sold so fast that the price had to be raised... Still the third point is my speculation, but make sense to me.
Absolutely.
9vDC 1A center positive
M-Audio does not specifically indicate any driver support for Windows 8 as of 5/10/14. This device has USB connection for MIDI. The Venom can be used as a stand alone synth though you will need either headphones or an amp to hear it, no built in speakers. The Sounds are generated using the built in engine in the keyboard not your computer. I do not mean to come across wrong but if your asking this question I would seriously consider doing more research into what you want. I had this product for a short time and returned it. To fully utilize all features of the synth your going to need a computer period. I found there to be far too much latency between the computer and the keyboard even using a high end machine. I would Strongly recommend looking at a USB MIDI Controller which is far cheaper and using software VST's on your laptop via a DAW. Hardware is dying and there are so many VST's out there now, such as Zebra2, Massive, Diva and others that will make the Venom sound terrible in comparison. That is my opinion others who are die hard hardware fans will disagree but you can ask any sells person sales are down. People are just not purchasing hardware like they used to. For what it is the Venom is not bad , but if your going to drop 500 bucks you can get a Sampson Graphite 49, that includes a copy of some nice software for free. You can also obtain many Virtual instruments, VST's for free online. Hope that helps.
I believe it will work with any camcorder with a 3mm external mic jack.
Yes. standard 3.5 mm jack.
There is an actual clip on the microphone but I do not use it. I place it in the center if my bra in between my boobs and it us hidden away. It is the size if a C battery, very obvious. The sound quality is excellent. I like the blue tooth technology.
For stereo recording you need two mics in a stereo config with two channels. This is only one mic and a receiver. One channel. Mono recording only. Hth. ps. technically, i think, you can do a stereo recording with one mic but would have to do various recordings with the mic in different positions.
Is is the next step up from shotgun, mic closeness, and has a clothespin clip. I clip mine to the camera's hand grip and plug into audio in. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BfzrMmkMtSs is shot from 50 feet away.
I would not go beyond 2 hours. We typically change batteries every 2 hours because we have gotten burned beyond this.
I have the Canon -XA20 & it works GREAT!
If it has a audio in jack
With a "coppertop" battery, I would record three one-hour sessions; but occasionally the battery would be exhausted prior to the end of the third session. I switched to eneloop rechargeables and get three one-hour sessions. Generally, however, I recharge them after the second one-hour session, to avoid the risk of not making it through the third hour. I've found the quality of the Canon Mic to be excellent.
That depends on your camera. My XA10 will allow me to mix from the onboard mic and to isolate the WM-V1 when needed. I don't know if all cameras allow this or not.
Same VTA. If the platter is shot, you can't avoid "static?" I thought the smaller and smaller tips on current styli would pick up the signal from an unworn part of the groove, so an old record would sound pretty much like new. Not so... I could tell within a few seconds into the vinyl that the mat really knocked out a lot of noise, rumble,distortion.
I have only played one 45 on it. I just played it as i would a 33. No issues with tracking or sound quality.
The mat itself is .038" thick. Each of the 12 raised circles measure .110" (inclusive of the mat thickness)
I believe I did but don't think force had changed. Good to double check
suggest you decouple your speakers although this is a good mat that won't build up static if that is a need.
Fits well the turntable, slightly bigger than an Lp. Really improves sound, a good purchase
I have older Bose speakers, high end. Quite satisfied with them. So far I haven't gotten into spending on fancy cables of any brand. Penny stocks might be a better bet!
No, there not.
Yes this product will work with a ipod touch four, i used to have it running on my itouch 4 till i got my iphone. The app needed is djay which i think is 99c for ipod/iphone version and like $20 for the ipad version. And it should work fine. You will also need a good audio splitter for pre cueing but it is not a necessary item to make it work. If you would like to pre cue i would suggest the griffin dj cable.
Yes
i believe so...have an extra one to sell if intereted...they are a lot of fun
dont believe you do.... have a unused unit for sale as well
Not to the DJ controller, but to the iPad.
You need the idj live 2. The 1st one doesn't work with the any ISO past 4
It was a rip off!! It NEVER worked! Soooooo disappointed.
It does record and play back but it uses the old 32 pin plug from the iPhone 4. You may need an adapter but that isn't a guarantee. Sorry.
Yes , I believe that us the app. Lite is limited , so you will want to purchase the full version.
Yes. Follow the connection diagram in the manual. The DDJ-S1 is essentially an external USB soundcard with controls. As such you connect your equipment to the outputs of the S1 - XLR or RCA.
Yes, I was able to use Serato DJ. Download from their website the latest Serato DJ version. I used a MAC and was easy to install to plug and play.
There is one xlr input un the upper left side (input 1), and 2 xlr master outputs
Yes we do ship all over the world Thanks ABBY quality electronics
The currency is US Dollar. Standard Shipping is 6-10 business days, Expedited Shipping is 3-5 business days
Nerp
Inputs, none, is a controller. Output yes, ONE which is connected to the laptop/mac you use.
Uh try asking again lol. Use rgb cables?
I would email both Pioneer & Virtual Dj software tech support to be safe,
No it will not. However, if you choose to do so and I recommend, you can use the new Serato DJ software!
The Roland RD-300NX does not have a music stand, but you can buy stands for the keyboard that can double as music stands.
not bad, it looks like real piano, but not ivory.
yes!
Yes
Thank you for your inquiry. There is no onboard speaker so you will need either a pair of headphones or external speakers for the RD-300NX. It has a standard 1/4" headphone jack which you can use with any headphone of your choice. There are also two 1/4 inch speaker outputs which you can connect to powered speakers.
It doesn't come with a stand :-(
The keyboard comes with a single Roland DP-10 in the box.
You can only record two tracks at a time, so a whole band will not be possible unless you record each member at a time. Check the DP-24 and DP-32 for 8 inputs, meaning you can record 8 tracks at a time.
If you mean what format does it record in, it is a proprietary format; it is a closed system (most compact digital multitracks are). You can't access the files on the SD card in a meaningful unless you export your tracks as WAVs, which fortunately, is very easy.
Yes. You can enter into 'CD' mode, mount a CD, select 'CD Player' and using the rotary encoder wheel highlight a track to start playing from that track. The CD will continue to play until the last track has played. Output is at the RCA line outs and headphone jack. The Master volume does not control the output to the line outs.
Hi Dawn..I'm not sure I understand... If you run left channel to left "03" input and right channel too right input of "03" you can record to "03" but seems there should be a cheaper device for recording 2 tracks out there? paul
Yes!
It can be written quickly. You record onto the SD card, and then burn the track to CD after mixing. A basic master with a litte reverb doesn't take long at all.
There are standard adapters for that sort of thing. Get on line and Google up the manual. That should give you a definitive answer.
There are several variables involved in answering this question. It depends on the length of each song and the capacity (Or the number of minutes) your memory card in the machine will hold. The memory card included with the machine is limited and holds about an hour or two of data. I purchased the largest memory card available for this machine and it holds about six hours of music/data. It works great and I can't say enough about how good this machine sounds. It's excellent!
you may need a mixer, but u could overdub, and listen to your original track with head phones without a mixer
No...use them only when you can't set up external mics.
the arpeggiator is located just south of the spleen standing in the shadow of the pancreas at full noon. I was not aware that the unit even had that feture.
Sorry, I have no idea how to do that...
I am certainly no expert and bought this for my son who is away at College but I would have to say they are not, I know they seem to be spring loaded which is how they respond so nicely. I hope this sheds some light onto your issue
Hello the listing is for only the KD-9 Kick pad, you can use any kick pedal with the pad but it is not included.
It's just a trigger. You have to have something to process the signal such as a drum modual or "brain," and then to some sort of amplification.
I will work with any 1/4 inch jack plug in. I have an alesis DM7x and it works great. I use my DW 5000 double bass pedal with it and the kick pad has plenty of room for it.
Hello yes it will, Thanks 8thstreet Music.
I'm using only for practice with td10 brain module, and is working fine
Yes
No sir, you would have to adjust your beater(s).
I don't know about that. You'd likely have to contact Roland. They do mention not using felt beaters though. I made the mistake once and it marked it up almost instantly and looked like it could do damage fast. I get the feeling the felt beaters "grab" the pad material and pull it apart.
Not sure as I'm not familiar with those units. If it's just a one-zone trigger you're looking for though, I would assume this pad would work since that's all it is (at least I'm pretty sure it's a one zone). There are numerous articles, write-ups, and forum posts out there on this pad so you may want to look it up first. Sorry for the lack of help.
A 'standard' Les Paul has two pickups instead of one and volume and tone controls for each pickup (all of which gives you more control over the sound that comes out of the guitar). A standard also has separate tailpiece and bridge instead of single bridge/tailpiece combo. I'm a beginner but I've messed around with other guitars in the guitar store and I don't think there's any difference in the playability between this and a standard, this is a well built guitar.
If you want it to be loud, then yes, you'll need an amp. It doesn't come with an amp cord. If you want to use headphones with it, you'll need something like this Vox headphone amp: http://www.amazon.com/Vox-amPlug-Metal-Guitar-Headphone/dp/B000ZMVAXO/ref=sr_1_6?s=musical-instruments&ie=UTF8&qid=1385861626&sr=1-6 Also, a word of advice: Make sure that the nuts that secure the knobs to the body are tight, otherwise you might find that the pots rotate out of position and the contacts touch the wall of the hole that they're mounted in. This will cause your guitar to stop making cool noises (or noises of any kind, for that matter).
Yes, there is a metal plate on the back of the neck with four screws
No it has a standard 3 pin xlr
Mic itself, SM 6 shockmount and a very good XLR cable, dust cover, of course with documentations and sticker too.
I got my stand at guitarcenter. I actually went to their store and told them the mic I have and they recommended a few stands. It all depends what stand you want and your budget. This mic is expensive, so get a decent stand. I believe I paid no more than 100$ on my DR Pro Tripod Mic stand. They have it available for 71.99 on their website. It's made very well!
All the sampling rate numbers are for the USB digital input. If you use XLR then it's an analog input and would be sampled at the rate of your A-D that you plugged the XLR into. Hope that helps clarify. It's a great mic, but you need to figure out how to position it. It's best not to point it up or sideways directly or towards any other source of noise. There are a few youtube videos showing the best way to position it. I ended up getting a wind screen to prevent popping.
I believe the problem to this is that your microphone is transmitting with auto-adjust. This means if you are to loud it turns down the voice and if your to quiet it turns it up. Somewhere in recording devices you can turn it off.
According to Blue the reason they didn't seek THX certification for the Yeti Pro is cause they feel THX certification is more for consumer grade products like the Yeti. Whereas the Yeti Pro is geared towards professional use with it's XLR output, 24-bit depth, and 192Khz sampling rate. The lack of THX certification doesn't mean it's inferior. It just means it's for a different market.
Yes, the microphone is automatically recognized and installed by Fedora 19 with kernel 3.11 (probably works with other kernels as well).
Could not tell the difference even after setting changes
Yes you can connect a yeti pro via USB to a computer.
I tried using it in windows 8 about 6 months ago. The driver for windows 8 will not install unless the driver for Windows 7 is already there. The catch is, the Windows 7 driver will not install on Windows 8, it just reports "wrong operating system" and quits. That was six months ago, so there may be a fix for it. Most people I know who were fooled into buying this piece of junk just use the XLR. I use mine as a door stop.
If you have an audio interface, you'd be better off getting a ribbon mic if the violin is where your issues lie. The yeti is a condenser, most of which sound unflattering on strings. Condensers tend to hype the "scratchy" frequencies of violin, and remove the "lush" frequencies. Ribbons tend to tame the scratchiness, and preserve the lushness for a very sweet sound. You can find a much better violin mic than this for well under $1000. Look up cascade microphones, they make great ribbons on the cheap. Only then you need an interface if you don't have one. It's probably time to get one anyway, if you're searching for higher quality recordings. Side note - be aware that ribbons are generally low output so you will likely experience some noise with quiet sources, unless you have nice mic pres.
Yes, it does. Here's what their owm user manual says: Power Required/Consumption 5V 500mA (USB) / 48V DC phantom power (Analog)
Use the Camera Connection Kit and a powered USB hub Connecting the mic to the iPad is relatively easy but involves having to have a couple more pieces of equipment, namely the Camera Connection Kit and a powered USB hub, to make it all work together nicely.
1 bass drum, 1 floor tom, 2 hanging toms, and 1 snare drum. Note: You will need symbal stands to hang the two toms on and a stand for the snare drum because this kit does not come with them. It also does not come with the bass drum pedal.
No only drums..,
does it include hardware? and all in the picture,pedal etc?
No, that's not even the right picture. Normally drum sets come with the drums ONLY, no cymbal stands, no cymbals, no pedals, no hi-hat.
does the set come with everything that shown in the picture
Me too!!!
I have a Dell with Windows 7 but found it fairly simple to use. Just put the CD in the drive and connect your tape player to the microphone jack on the side. Then follow the directions given. I have learned that my tape player (an old boom box) needs to have its volume really low in order to get the best quality recording. After recording is finished you are able to edit the beginning and ending to cut off any blank sound. You can also split something into multiple tracks. I have yet to learn how to enhance sound but really I am using it primarily to convert books on tape to MP3 for my classroom listening center. From this format you can easily burn to CD. Hope this helps!
I think it will work with Vista but you will need a good tape unit to work with it -- I could not get the sound to transfer from the setup I had -- My computer is Vista also
don't waste your money it would not work with windows 8 so I doubt it will work with much else.
I think someone is giving an idea that I've found little merrit. Cassette2USB is a good product, especially the converter, records both directions without manually turning tape, software OK on my W7. I Think Digitope Digitalizer is over rated for any OS. Try Cassette2USB for $59.99 at cassette2USB.com . I like it and the converter is worth that alone even with another product such as Magix Cleaning Labs. Several options, I like Cassette2USB the best, but the others have their place as well.
It's silent. I use an audio splitter so I can connect headphones as well to make sure I'm transferring the desired material.
As long as you have an adapter to plug into you device, it will work.
No. The software is for Windows, and the cable has RCA jacks, so even if you have a Windows emulator that runs on Mac OS, you'd still need a cable that could connect your tape player (not included) to your USB or Firewire port.
Yes, it is just not as clean a sound.
Probably but I am not sure. Product is a cd with software and a cable, one end plugs into your player's microphone jack and the other to your PC's headphone jack.
I got it for my son. He makes beats with it. He likes it very much.
Yes
Hey Jordan, the latency is low enough to record with other tracks. The driver is an asio type. I usually get less then 5ms. ;) there is also a mix knob to hear direct to monitor with 0ms latency or a mix through the computer with the asio.
Nothing much. You need a USB port (and potentially a USB hub with an external power supply in case there isn't enough power for the interface). Other than that as long as your computer can support a proper DAW it should be fine.
Try downloading a converter program. Convert your mp3s to .wav format then import.
Mine is powered by the usb.
I've been using it for a few months now. It's MUCH better suited to instruments than voice. I bought it to record my radio show and podcast, but it picks up so much ambient noise, it's just not meant for it. But it's good quality for music.
The blue yeti is a USB mic & this is an xlr mic with an interface/preamp ... In all honesty better quality comes from this and the headsets are nice too.
Mine came with two disks. I had an installation disk as well as the one that you mentioned. However I still had a few issues at first, so I went to the website and upgraded the software, and everything started working great again. I hope this helps. :) http://www.presonus.com/products/studio-one/download (thats the link I went to.)
I have been using it for my home recording projects,( I sing on karaoke tracks for a hobby). it serves my purpose very well and I like the quality of recording I get from it. It is really good for the price. I would recommend it. If you are looking for more advanced/professional use you may want to explore more options.
I have a 34 key, 60 bass paolo soprani. Its a very snug fit, I have to make sure the straps are completely tucked into the back. I have been very happy with this case. i like the backpack style which makes it easy to carry. I don't like my accordion flopping around inside a case
Not sure. I have a panther 3 line CFG accordian. Not sure how your size compares but hope that helps.
About 16 inches w 16 inches tall and 11 inches deep including the front pocket. I use it for my Weltmeister Rubin.
I have found out that the accordian bag in question has the following dimensions (W x D x H): 22" x 11" x 17".
I have a 26 key, 40 bass piano accordion & it fits like a glove. I hope this helps.
No. This is a basic mixer. It does not change pitches or provide any effects.
Not sure, sorry.
Yes it can, it comes with a USB cord.
Yes
If you can enlarge the picture at the bottom right you can see a small projection that the headphone and on the left it for the mic
it's true
I don't know anything about a boze tower. But I'd you need a simple reliable mixer I highly recommend this on
No you can hook it up to any MP3 player or phone using male to RCA wire and hooking it up to the master channel. Experience: DJ and music producer for 4 years. Soundcloud.com/m0chab3ar
110v
Input: 110volts AC Output: 12volt AC adapter
1/4 inch instrument cable
You nede an audio interface that will turn your analog mic signal into digita so you're computer will recognize itl. A low-cost interface, which does a decent job, is the Lexicon Alpha (which is the one I use). It cost around $55 and you can get it on Amazon. It doesn't have phantom power (which you need if your using a condenser mic) but that's OK, because the dbx has it. Keep in mind that both units have preamps, so you'll have to watch your levels. Anyway, you'll plug your mic cord (xlr) into the dbx, and from the dbx output, you'll go into the Lexicon input (you'll need a cord with a 1/4" male plug on both ends). I realize that a lot of folks use more expensive units, but if you've got the dbx, you don't need anything other than the Lexicon. Also -- The Lexicon has only one mic input, so if you're doing anything more than simple voiceovers, you'll also need a small mixer (and be careful in choosing one...Berringers have an bad hiss...stick with Mackie and you'll be OK).
I cannot speak to the sm57, but most dynamic mics are gain hungry, and a dedicated preamp like the DBX 266s does wonders for gain boost. The DBX 266s also employs a fantastic noise gate, allowing for the automatic reduction or elimination of background noise. This specific model is very popular among vocal performers such as podcasters and VoiceOver artists.
yes
Make sure tfirst that your outlet or breaker for the outlet is reset and that you have power. also see if anything else in the house was blown. power going off and on should not hurt the unit. A power surge would. I am not sure about the fusing of the system but I assume there is one in the internal transformer. Since I do not know your expertise I am not sure what to recommend but if you are not a technician and the unit has been plugged into a live outlet then take it to a local radio or electronics shop and have them look at the power supply.
Yes, all the functions should work no matter what type of mic you use.
The mic will work with the DBX 286s. It also has phantom power, so it will give condenser mics the 48v they need. However you will need a USB or Firewire/Thunderbolt interface to still connect to your PC. Consider getting the interface first (as interfaces like the Scarlett 2i4/6i6/etc have phantom power and gain settings), then get the DBX 286s to improve your signal's quality later. You'd need an XLR to go from mic to DBX 286s, and 1/4" cables to go from your line out of the dbx 286s to the line in/direct input of your interface.
You plug your mic into the DBX unit, then 1/4 " out of the DBX into your Focusrite. An insert is something "inserted" between the mic and the Audio interface (focus rite). It's an awesome unit!
I understand your frustration or concern with the output connections on the 286s. You must understand that the 286s is designed as an insert device connecting to effect in/out lines within professional style audio mixers and associated patch panels as these both use 1/4" jacks. Make no mistake that 1/4" receptacle is in fact a low impendence output requiring the same connections (tip,ring,gnd) as the 3 pin XLR on the input but for professional audio patching it is most practical being what it is. As far as the "limiter" is concerned you are correct to assume the 286s doesn't have one. What it does have is a circuit that kindly conditions the audio within a workable range unlike a "limiter" that clips off the peaks of an audio wave form causing distortion or worse. Limiters are great in DC power circuits but raise all kinds of hell in complex AC waveform circuits that have a wide range in amplitude and frequency. To keep distortion from the output some reasonable hands on (riding the gain) is required along with a good ear. You can't overload the output of any mixer and expect any device to remedy what's already distorted. If you're attempting to output to a modern day radio transceiver and have your impendence in and outs correct with a reasonable drive level the radio's IDC more or less qualifies as your "limiter" depending where the audio is injected (data in usually) ... Good luck !
No, this is a mono microphone pre-amp.
I doubt it will change the sound from your pickup at ll. it's an acoustic enhancement.
Hi there, this kickport comes with velcro strips so as you can tailor the width to suit different size holes. IE peel one or two off for smaller diameter. These a bit of fiddling around but once you get the right size for a snug fit you should be all right. I've got a cajon made by toca which also has a 5 inch hole and it fits perfectly. Hope this helps and happy drumming. PS the pros are it gives you more or deeper base when you mic it up, the down side you can't clamp a mic onto the edge of the port hole. Cheers.
The hole has to be a minimum of 4 1/2" (11.5cm) circumference. It also extends 5" (13cm) into the cajon.
The range for moving around a small venue is god but I'm not sure about large venues...from a podium is good but show up early to preset the volumes
I have used both types of mics on mine with no problem. Love my Pyle pro set up!
I wouldn't purchase this microphone. The first day I got it and it blew. I would spend a bit more and buy a good microphone
Yes.
The receiver operates on batteries.
No.The mike has a battery and a on- off switch,which turns the receiver on.Using another mike won't allow the female transmitter that connects to the mike, to sync with the receiver.It would probably have to be a similarly constructed Pyle mike,to transmit and receive properly.
Yes ..It would work technically ? But the wireless device is poor .. to doesn't work at all .. Microphone is good though when use with a wired connection..Don't waste your money in my opinion .
As long as it had a speaker to push sound through
It uses 3 x AAA batteries. One for the microphone and two for the receiver. It does come with one set of batteries.
Yes, providing the restaurant has the amp and speaker you would need
No. This product does nothing like that.
It's under the MOD modulation effects page. From a manual found online (maybe from a different model, found it a while back) : PITCH1...3 Pitch shifter. The level of the effect differs between variations 1, 2, and 3. Amount of pitch shift (-24, -17, -12...-1, -d, d, 1...12, 19, 24). [d = detune] MAJ3UP Intelligent pitch shifter; a 3rd up in a major key. MAJ3DWN Intelligent pitch shifter; a 3rd down in a major key. MIN3UP Intelligent pitch shifter; a 3rd up in a minor key. MIN3DWN Intelligent pitch shifter; a 3rd down in a minor key. PERF4TH Intelligent pitch shifter; a 4th up in a major key. PERF5TH Intelligent pitch shifter; a 5th up in a major key. MAJ6TH Intelligent pitch shifter; a 6th up in a major key. Specify the key (C, C#...A#, B). I haven't really played with it. Hope that's enough to get you going.
Yes. The headphone out would work for powered speakers.
Sorry. I couldn't say. I returned it unimpressed entirely with the features I did try out. Most significantly to me was that it was so small and light that you couldn't lay it down on a desk without the weight of a short guitar cable dragging it to the ground. If you wanted to leave it on the ground, it wasn't big enough or heavy enough to stay in one place, and if I recall, it wasn't designed to be worn. I just bailed because I could see this thing getting broken easily and there are better products at the price point
Yes, it hooks right in to you computer.
Just for computers/laptops
No
Tentatively yes. I have not tested this out and am not sure - will try out and let you know. I use linux. Probably the `aconnect' command will have to be used twice with different ports for the two controllers.
I have not used this with OS X but I think there should be no problem with any software that handles midi input via USB.
Plastic
No it doesn't come with a disk or a code, it depends on what software you have when you plug it in it automatically uploads,with my FL Studio I just plug it in any automatic started working I just had to turn on my midi settings in my software
Yes. This device will not produce sound without a program. However, it ships with a disk loaded with free software, and I found this quite enough to use it. If you already have something like Garage Band, ProTools, Ableton, or something similar, it will run with that as well. There are also some free programs available with a quick Google search.
Good question. I do not use for those things. I usually use Ableton Live for playing effects and sampling audio live. If you map the controls by pressing the midi button you may assign that to the nanopad2. Ableton can sample live loops as you play them and you'd have to go into midi mode while the music is playing in order to route it to a trigger on the Korg. I'd have to check into effects. Maybe, to the XY controller. will let you know what I find.
Yes, it is
Yes
Hey there. It is entirely possible to intercept MIDI data and convert it to a keystroke. Luckily I use a program called Bome's Midi Translator (Here's the URL: http://www.bome.com/products/miditranslator/overview/classic ). You can really use any type of MIDI device, piano keyboards included. I really like this MIDI controller for drum kits and such, but if you're going to use it for just keyboard shortcuts, you might find a smaller piano better since it has more keys for more shortcuts. But I guess it really depends on your needs and how many shortcuts you plan on using with a MIDI controller. For what it's worth, I'm a 3D artist and use lots of shortcuts in my 3D tools & PS, so I might be a little skewed toward needing more shortcut keys. :)
Yes. Works great. You can find an easy mod on youtube to get a better curve response for pads.
By connecting to a PC, a composer to work with the software and software sound source, does not hold a single item that sound by placing the sound you decide to each button, is the so-called just a controller. Setting and the DAW beginner or MIDI somewhat do not understand you confusion ridiculously.
I typically track by track my drums but 8 should be enough for edm or hiphop maybe would want more for live band style applications. It also has the touch pad for x y modulation
Yes /whatever you have that is midi will work. I don't know about mixcrat, but mine works great with studio one.
I do so with a separate arpeggiator in the VST. Also if you use the XY touch control beats are emphasized upon touch and remove upon release. Otherwise the beat is constant. Does that answer your question? You may also program the scale patterns to specific scenes and also modulate the scales. Can become very fun if used with Ableton Live.
Yes. This is usually used as a drum pad in the same way that you would use on a traditional style drum machine and it does a very good job at doing so. the nano series (I have all 3) are rather easy to use and get used to.
I'm sure this unit will work with every DAW. I've personally used it with Ableton and Logic 9, and it works great. It's pretty easy to set up as well.
You can but you need a third-party software to do it. Here is a link to the software that I use http://goo.gl/I1PhWj.
As long as the application has the ability to take a MIDI controller input then yes. (Most if not all DAW software is able to)
Yes it can.
Yes it is possible with the right software and knowledge. In my own case I've been partially successful
Yes. It'll jump to the next set of tracks.
Each knob has a start and end marked with a small indent
mine did come with English instructions, but didn't include software. The software was included on my program for this controller
Yes. I do.
No. This is not an audio interface. It's made to control some festures of your Daw without using your mouse/keyboard
Gary hit it on the head. You can do it yourself, but contact the company and provide the frequency and they will pre-program the unit before sending it.
We just got new wireless units, searched amazon under same model and replacement
It looks like a 1/8in connection with a screw sleeve to hold it in.
You don't. Each of the four microphones is set to a specific frequency at the factory.
use a Male-Jack XLR cable that goes from the Audio recorder to the camera. Just make sure your camera has the appropriate audio channels.
No
Dual Headphone Outputs The rear panel provides two headphone jacks, allowing two people to enjoy the sound simultaneously. This is ideal for playing duets or sharing songs with a friend; in addition, parent and child or student and teacher can share a lesson with complete privacy. These same outputs can be used to connect the SP-170s to a digital recorder or an external amplifier. Does this help?
No, I called customer service to order one and they let me know that there was none available and no capability for one to be added.
That would be Japan...It has become among the best is Digital Electronics...which includes the Korg SP170s
Tone on both sides speakers (9W 2) has been recorded to all 10 types. Headphone jack two systems. Terminal corresponding to LINE OUT.
Please purchase separately. For example, http://www.amazon.com/M-Audio-Sustain-Pedal-Action-Keyboards/dp/B00063678K/ref=pd_bxgy_MI_text_y
Without the legs, inside a carrying case, it would be a bulky companion. It would not fit easily inside the overhead compartments of a crowded aircraft. Its not heavy, but it's definitely not light either.
No.
it does NOT come with a stand, and does not look to be USB capable.
It had a pedal ( i no longer own it). I do not remember if it was 2 or 3 pedals.
This Item Has MIDI for OUT.
nope
Yes you can. I plug mines into my stereo.
No. Maybe if you rig up a battery power pack that can connect to the outlet. You can get plugs at RadioShack (well a year ago you could). But there is not a battery compartment built into the unit.
It is 12 kg only in the main body (approximately 26.5 pounds).
It's weighted but I personally think its lighter than a real piano.
I beleave so!!!!
it's about a minute and it's not that good, if you want this pedal because of the looper you should try to get a real looper pedal like the digitech jamman or boss RC. The flashback should be used for delays only.
Well you turn the time knob. That's how the tempo of the delay is set. If you mean does it do regular tap tempo then no. It only let's you strum the tempo.
Yes :)
It doesn't come with one, no. Takes a 9V battery on any regular 9V supply (e.g. Boss / Voodoo Labs).
Yes, and it does have a ducking mode of which I find most useful. Here is a free download of the manual. Highly suggest reading it. Best delay pedal I have ever owned. http://cdn-downloads.tcelectronic.com/media/159407/tc-electronic-flashback-delay-manual-english.pdf.
Have you tried going to the T. C. website? They have a ton of downloadable presets. That's one of the cool features of this device.
It has a function where you can hold down the button and strum your guitar to set the tempo. This sounds jolly clever but, in my experience it's very hard to use in practical playing situations. P'raps I misunderstood how to use it? :) If you want this delay unit, with a dedicated tap-tempo, maybe check out the FlashbackX4? Hope that helps.
Yes. I use one myself to chain 8 other 9V pedals, works great.
Yup!!!
Yes.
The underside of the mic has a threaded inset that will mount onto most typical microphone stands, however the deployable legs still have to be fanned out for good audio/connections.
Never really played Trumpet and Sax but I record Acoustic Guitar with it pretty often and I love the results. It is a very good microphone.
I turn mine to the lowest volume and it pics up all the souds with no distortion , however I do have to be sure not to be too close or there is a distortion but no popping thus far
Excellent for vocal. As good or better than snowball. Adjusts easily with the headphone jack and volume control on the mic body. Hope this helps,
Meteor seems to have more of a bold tone. They Yeti sounds good, but in my opinion, lacks a little on the Bass side. Both will get the job done.
Using Apple's Camera Connexion Kit for iPad ($26.99), I had no trouble connecting this microphone to my iPad. For your IPad mini, i believe you will need the Apple Lightning to USB Camera Adapter (MD821ZM/A) ($29). HOWEVER, you should know that the microphone itself does not have a gain adjustment knob, so all the gain adjustment (matching the microphone sensitivity to how loud what you are recording is) must be done in the recording software you are using on the iPad. Many, but not all of the recording apps offer a gain adjustment control (Garage band does), and adjusting the gain in software is not always convenient. Some apps won't let you adjust the gain once you started recording. . . Practically speaking, if this is to record speech, it's a non-issue. On the other hand, if you are recording music (particularly loud music) you may want a "real" gain control knob. As far as I know, the only two microphones that have a gain knob AND work with iPads are the Spark Digital by Blue Microphones, and the Mic by Apogee; they are both $200 microphones. Hope that helps
Yes
It should be compatible with any system that supports USB sound devices. I use Windows 7 and Linux and I did not install anything to have my Samson work. I can't imagine why/how Windows 8 would be any different. The materials mention something about a USB iPad connector; not sure if that would work with an iPad Air or not.
It will only fit the vintage 3 saddle bridge with the vertical sides. You'd have to change the bridge 'cause the Affinity tele has the 6 saddle bridge and no vertical sides.
Yes
it should fit any telecaster with a vintage style ashtray bridge.
Only if you replace the existing bridge with an ash tray style bridge, for an american one, don't do it unless you don't palm mute ever
I wouldn't take the chance as it's made for a Fender vintage (3 barrel) Telecasster bridge.
American standards tend to have a 6 saddle bridge. if yours does too this will NOT fit. These ashtray covers only work with the vintage 3 barrel bridges. Please make sure before you buy.
if your bridge does NOT have "sides" on it, it will not stay on. I had to replace the bridge on mine to make it fit. I also tweaked it with a rubber hammer to close it just a hair to make it fit tight. hope this helps, Frank
I have a 52 and it fits. It's not as tight as a 63, but works just the same. Of course you wouldn't play with it on..... We used to use them as dust covers. John Deacon
It will fit a fender or Squier tele with the vintage 3 saddle bridge and upright vertical sides. It's the upright vertical sides that is fits over
I couldn't find just fit one. I usually use ordinary hard case when I do plane trip. First, remove the bottom bolt of the guitar, then put it into the case and stuff something into the space. I usually notes, books and towel to fill the space.
The N series has a smaller nut width, 48mm I believe, while the NW has a 52mm nut. The NW is going to feel like a classical guitar, while the N is more like the electric/acoustic hybrids.
I have carried it as hand luggage in international flights (Brazil-USA, Brazil-Angola) and regional flights in Brasil. So far, no problem.
gig bag comes with it. It is not a case.
I have no idea about the "shipping weight", but the guitar weighs about as much a regular guitar, almost exactly four pounds.
Well, I do not think so. I have checked with my 3 classical instruments (from different makers) and the string spacing are almost the same. The difference is not a major issue, I always played only classical guitar and the feeling when playing with SLG130NW is very similar. I am very happy with this Yamaha guitar. Pls consider a good acoustic amplifier (mine is a Behringer Ultracoustic ACX 450).
yes, like that one http://www.guitar-museum.com/uploads/guitar/18/8390-1.jpg
I have not, but it is symmetric, so I think you can do it. Will have less access to the higjer frets, but no different to a classic guitar
Hi there, This info is not available on the manufacturer website however we believe it to be made of plastic. Best, Andy's Music
I have assumed it is bone but I have not actually confirmed that. If you go to this link you can pose your question directly to Yamaha. http://ca.yamaha.com/en/products/musical-instruments/guitars-basses/silentguitars/slg130nw_light_amber_burst/?mode=model
Sorry, but I would have to say no this time. Numark NV dimensions: 21.6x13.4x2.1 Gator G-Club Gig Bag Interior Deminsions: 19x13.5x3.5
Yes it should fit. Interior of main compartment measures a little over 20".
No is to small
Yes it will fit. The interior of the bag is 19" long. You can verify this on the Gator website.
The interior dimensions of the bag is going to be 19x3.5x14. As bad as that sounds, your controller would not fit inside of this bag. Although the bag stretch a little bit in length, but it wouldn't be enough to fit yours. Take a look at the Gator G-Club CONTROL 25. The interior dimensions is 25x4x14, but if you adjust the locking straps then you will get enough room, from bottom to top, for the width of your controller. The amazon price for this gigbag will be around $99.99. I hope that this will help you out.
It should. The bag is 23 x 7.5 x 17 inches. The Ergo is 21.8" x 11.0" x 4.0"
Yes
I am sorry, but that is not a question that I can answer. I haven't been on a plane in a very long time. I've been getting everywhere by car. Sorry, but I am not very sure.
Yes, the Akai MPC 2500 can and will fit in this bag.
You will have little room to spare in the case, but it should fit snugly in there.
Yes, it has a USB interface.
Yes it does!
http://6be54c364949b623a3c0-4409a68c214f3a9eeca8d0265e9266c0.r0.cf2.rackcdn.com/466/documents/synthstation49___quickstart_guide___reva.pdf
Yes
Yes it is you should not have no problems using it as a controller or midi
Yes you have to synchroniZE IT
If by iTouch 4 you mean iPad touch 4th generation then as far as the adapter port goes it will fit, software wise it should. I used mine with a first generation iPad. The software version may not be up to date UT it should still work
I doubt it. This device is actually incompatible with iOS 7, which is what the iPad Air comes with installed. It was compatible with my iPad Mini until I upgraded to iOS 7.
You can download from iTunes a lot of apps, akai synthstation, garage band, auria, Sunrizer... If you're beginner You can use garage band and the native App akai synthstation
Yes. I have found that some apps don't respond to the keyboard, though.
Long answer short, yes. I currently have 3 midi/usb controllers plugged into the usb hub then a condenser Mic and my bass xlr Jack's in the front. All 4 of those have the option for 48v power. There is also one midi in and midi out port on the back.
No, it does not. Pro Tools LE8 only works with Digidesign or Avid interfaces. Anyone who says otherwise is wrong.
No, it is only an interface to connect your microphones/instrument/MIDI to the computer, and to route sound from the computer to speakers/headphones. You can attach up to 4 microphones simultaneously to your computer. To record and save tracks you must have an audio program on your computer such as Logic Pro/Pro Tools/Audacity. Also, I would not recommend this product if you plan on using it with a Mac, as the latest driver provided by Akai is not compatible with the latest Mac operating system.
Yes, but I would suggest getting a more user friendly interface with better preamps.
No that has to be put on the computer but it give you 3 usb port to plug in mouse, Midi-controller, and more usb devices. It's useful for the Usb but mine has given me problems lately and I today Just got a Scarlett 6i6 so I'm going to see if it's as good as they say
It should be compatible. I havent used reason, however I use abelton live and adobe audition and it simultaneously records seperate tracks with no problem.
No idea about Sonar X3. However, I bought an EIE Pro over half a year ago to be used with production software on a Macbook, and it took Aka over HALF A YEAR to create drivers so that the device would work with the latest Mac OSX ("Mavericks"). I still haven't tried the driver yet. Just word to the wise that this product seems to be VERY POORLY SUPPORTED by Akai. A lot of people have been very disappointed based on this driver issue. Perhaps their Windows driver support is better. Just sayin'.
No
You can do 4 at once.
Yes you have 4 channels of input so technically you can have two stereo inputs.
Yes, yes and yes! That's exactly what I use mine for. It works great.
yes, but not with every program you download but that's the programs fault
If you push the pedal it reconnects to the device. Mine usually only takes about 3-5 seconds. It is very fast.
I wish there was a little more resistance in the pedal up and down movement. The unit is light weight, and made of plastic, but I've given it a lot of pounding without any trouble. And dropped it a couple of times.
Yes. After 10 minutes it goes to sleep. Push pedal and within seconds it's awake
I believe it will. I set mine up for Ipad and it works great. I use it in every show. If I recall there is a web sight that will answer you with more detail
don't know
It uses Bluetooth to communicate with the tablet. If you can find Windows software that displays and manages music scores and that has.integrated Bluetooth support it should work.
Yes, it can be set to send page up & down commands as well as arrow up & down commands. I think a few other keyboard equivalents as well, but only one set at a time (either pgdn/up or arrowdn/up)
That is what I use for. I use onsong out live. It pages my set list forward the other pedal scrolls the words. The two pedals have several button combinations and you set your software accordingly. I have not tried using it with iTunes though.
Just a few inches. It lines up so mallet hits in the center.
Yes it is included. It is actually quite functional. I was in the local Sam Ash yesterday and they had a dozen kits of different colors for $388. I suggest going online to all the big music outlets and getting the lowest price and then going to Musicians Friend and have them match it. when you get some cash after the kit buy yourself some Evans 360 clear batter heads all around and you will hear a different set of drums. I muffled the kick drum with a towel and that thing kicked a--. I just bought a new set of Tama Starclassic BB Vintage Marine Pearl and will be putting a video up on snakepit456 channel on You Tube along with my other drum videos,I have a link somewhere on my original comment that will take you to the Sonor video Good luck!!!
The bass has a little stand you slide in the bottom.. So it's elevated. Swing the feet out.
We don't ship to Peru
It's quite wide, but the downside is the fact that it's very fat and hard to fit my hand around. It's larger than my taylor acoustic and I can't figure out the reason why.
Hi KT, People usually starts by learning a few basic chords, there're many youtube videos that can show you how to do it. You can check out this link for beginner: http://justinguitar.com/en/BC-000-BeginnersCourse.php scroll down to the stage 1 section, there's a video for each chapter.
No problem at all. It's fan-braced (three fans) and totally symmetrical inside. Because it's for nylon strings and they are all similar diameter, I doubt you would even need to recut the nut as you would for a steel string guitar. Go for it!
No
The box that the sent me was 40"x12"x9.5" and inside that is a smaller box for the guitarlele. the guitarlele itself is really small compared to the box. hope that helps
Indonesia
Yes, they aren't steel strings, rather metal wound nylon strings that look like steel. I hope you enjoy your guitarlele!
Yes, it can be tuned like a guitar. However, it is tuned up to A-D-G-C-E-a instead of E-A-D-G-B-e... So it's like putting a capo on the fifth fret of a full size guitar.
No.
Yes
110 volt
Right
I'm sorry I can't help you I just ordered it for a friend!
It has 21 frets
Yes. The amp has an input jack for headphones.
Yes, it is 39" ..it plays beautifully for at-home jamming. I bought it a month or two ago and it is probably one of the best investments I have ever made! :)
It Is a 10W RMS with a 20W peak. Bottom line.... it's a 10W amp.
It's a full size guitar. However, the one I got doesn't work and there hasn't been a solution offered as of yet.
Absolutely pull down the manual on line for more information.
At 19" wide and several inches deep, requiring a/c power, I can't envision a situation where it would be practical to use this product in a car. Also, electrical noise from car electronics would be a factor.
@ +12db you will hear some noise, but for live work it's acceptable&gt; I would not use it for studio post production mix downs. Hope this was helpful.
Try putting a barrier between the audio or speaker cable to your power cables. Or don't let both cables, run side by side for it will create interference, such as distortion noise. Using a power conditioner helps a lot.
Two spaces!
It can hold up to 30 Sheets or a complete book.
If you extend fully, the base of the sheet music would sit at 45" off the floor.
Yes! It does come with a bag and it is very light and foldable .its a really good stand
The case and tuner instructions both say Indonesia
That's hard to say! You can't really go wrong with the "classic" soprano but if you want a little bit more range and a slightly bigger scale for easier chording (for bigger fingers, that is), go with a concert.
The body is real mahogany and the bag is padded and has an outside pocket and inside pocket! Very nice entry to intermediate instrument.
Sorry, Can't Remember Where It Was Made!
This is the Soprano kit.
Nope, you'll need your own.
YES!
hey man ill let you know i just ordered one and am guessing its the full kit for $378 dollars so ill get back to you when it gets here.. the shipping weight is 65lbs and other sites have the full kit as 70lbs it might be missing something but im not sure if the package was weighed wrong or what but it seems like one hell of a deal!!
Great question. I believe it has the capability of loading and storing new sounds however we've never had the need since it comes with a ton of sounds and we just assign the ones we want to each individual pad/sensor. I hope this helps.
No, I'm afraid that this can not be paired with the Roland TD4KI. The PerformancePad does have a 5 pin MIDI out not in and the Roland TD4K does not have a MIDI connection.
I believe it should be fine. The hookup is a direct audio hookup there is no USB so the sound is going to be directly fed into your sound cards audio input. You will need a 6.35mm(male) to 3.5mm(male) audio cable how this helps.
First off, I'm assuming that you are connecting an external module or sampler...on the Alesis Perc pad, you need to connect the midi plug into the midi in and out from the sampler. You then have to set the midi channel on the Alesis and also for which pad you want your sampling to come out on by hitting it. let me know if you need more explanation. Thanks
Hi Belanoff, yes, there is a 1/4" headphone jack.
No,All outputs
You can use a standard snare drum stand for one of these. They also make specialized stands that are slightly more expensive.
Yes. It is very easy to use and program. It has 1/4" left and right output plus a stereo headphone jack so it works easily with any mixer.
whatever you like.
Yes. You can use this bad as a midi controller by sending many signals from midi out into the median in of the SR 18. Though, I believe the don't numbers sent by this device or fixed. This would mean that you would have to adjust the new numbers on the SR 18 to match the samples you want to trigger.
No
You can play it either way. I use mine on a stand to play with a drumset
The pads are pressure sensitive,unless you have very strong fingers I don't recommend.
They aren't terribly loud but you will hear tapping from the other room. If I don't wear earbuds while playing and just use regular headphones it can be more difficult to hear the electronic volume over the tapping unless I turn it up a lot more.
Yes. The bass drum diameter is 8".
The pedal for the high hat was included, however the pedal for the bass drum was not. The high hat pedal is actually an electronic pedal whereas the bass pedal is mechanical. I bought a new one for the bass drum from a local music store. Doesn't have to be the most expensive one. Works well.
No
Hi. Okay. Most Phantom Powered Kondenser Microphones support Voltages between 12V up to 48V. Please refer to the technical Reference of your Mic. & Visit Wikipedia: Article Phnatom Power / Kondenser Microphones. Greets Roland
don't think so... the video out is only composite video. no very good quality. you may want to look at an Apple TV.
At this right moment I'm depending only on my ipad2 and Alesis iO Dock. I have the latest updates. Uses are for Galileo organ on stage and beatmaker2.
It is a combo xlr and 1/4 inch input.
It works wonderful with my Ipad Air, yes you do need the Original Genuine $29.99 Apple Lightning Adapter..
Yes, I connect my Ipad Air which has the same connection as the Ipad mini, remember to add a external leather case to the ipad mini (like the 360 rotating leather case for like $9.99 and take it out of the strap) so it could fits snugly it should work like a charm!!
No. Good for ipad 1-3. IRig Midi by IK Multimedia can. Check it out and see if its right for you.
I had the same issue and was actually trying to sell mine since it wasn't working. Decided to try with an older iPad and heard a click when I pushed it in and worked great. So I tried again with my newer iPad. If you push a little harder eventually you will hear a click sound and it will dock. Never had the issue with any other type of dock, but apparently this one takes a little more to get it to connect. Originally I felt like it was connecting but apparently I wasn't pushing it in far enough. The more I have docked it the easier it is getting to work. I'm now running iOS 7 and it is still working just fine.
If it is the lightning adaptor you are inquiring about the answer is no. You will have to buy one from Apple. Still works great with the adaptor.
No, you cannot mount a 1/2" or standard mount cartridge on a tone arm equipped with a P-mount headshell. AT makes a huge variety of cartridges though, and I'm sure you can find a P-mount from them with similar specs. Good luck.
Yes, I think they still make it, but the cantilever is very fragile and unless the 78 styli has a stronger cantilever, it'll get bent with normal use like the LP stylus of mine did. I'd steer clear.
Will you be usung your turntable as a DJ or for home audio? The AT is not a DJ cartridge. Other than that it will work in most any turntable/tonearm combinations, just keep the tracking force at or below 2 grams.
If you need a replacement cartridge and your turntable has a removable cartridge holder with four wires connected to it and with a very small tubular connector at the end of each connector, and at the roof of the cartridge holder there are two small screws either securing the current cartridge to the holder, or if there is no cartridge, you see the screw holes at the top of the cartridge holder, then this cartridge should fit as they are standardized throughout the industry.
yes
Hi Claudia, it should work-I have it on an old Yamaha P750 that also has the top screws. it sounds great.
The SL-1950 uses a removable headshell with 1/2 inch mounting holes. The at92e is a P-mount cartridge which includes an adapter for 1/2 inch mounting. The at95e is a 1/2 inch mounting cartridge. I'd choose the at95e and avoid the adapter.
Yes it will.
I used it on a Dual 622 (1976) without problems , don't know how my turntable compares to your Phillips.
if your turntable arm accept Dual Magnet Phono Cartridge, the anwser is yes
I do not know....but i do like the weight. I would say medium to medium-Light weight compared to my other bows.
This wood bow is very good for the price .I like a wood bow over a fiberglass bow as it handles better also the tension is great over the strings.A great bow!Jack
29.5 inches or 74.93 centimeters
It's an applique.
The description and the details and features section states that it is genuine unbleached horse hair.
It is real horsehair and very beautiful up close.
definitely nickel.
The bow we received is octagonal.
Yes, my violin is full size :) it holds all the accessories too!
30.25" x 9.50 is the interior dimensions. the inside is a molded case that holds the violin very tightly, it also has a velcro strap that goes around the neck this case has positions to hold the shoulder rest, it also has a large compartment to hold all the extras. one of the best buys I believe we've ever made.
I don't know. But the case has SO much storage space that I can't imagine it would be a problem. My kids have been advised to remove the shoulder rest each time, so that's what they do.
my daughter has the case and she is not home, she's away. I do know that it is a very good quality case, however I am Not sure what it is made of. She takes it back and forth to school and everywhere else and it has held up very well
It's a little soft, but doesn't give very much.
Yes it has a zipper compartment on the top for music. Yes, it came with a shoulder strap.
Yes it does. The case has served us well and is fairly decent:). No problems.
No idea. Fit my violin w/o issue.
yes, The lining is soft, Burgundy, and lots of storage. the case is well worth the price and quite nice. i don't think anyone would be displeased with it.
It's compatible with many different OS & DAW's but my advice is to go to the Manufacturer's website & check with TASCAM themselves. They should be able to give you specifics on their product. If you get the runaround from them then try the Akai EIE or EIE/Pro Midi Interface. This interface is even better with an equal purchase price almost & will should work with your OS. But, just to be safe - check with Akai's website/manufacturer as well and of course with any other manufacturer before you make your final decision & purchase.
Yes perfect
No microphone or XLR cables. Just power, AC adapter, and USB cable.
Yes, I have done this.
I don't think it comes with one. You have to make a mySteinberg account and set up an elicenser on your hard drive. It's a pain really, but it's worth it in the end. There should be directions on the website.
I no longer have the packaging materials but the item weighs slightly more than one pound, so two pounds w/ packing doesn't sound unreasonable.
Should work with any audio source, with the proper connectors/adapters. In my experience it has enough gain to work with line levels (Hi level/Hi impedance), or mic levels (Lo level/Lo impedance). If you need more specifics please ask.
No
What operating system are you running?
It does. That's what I use. Works pretty fool proof.
Thank you for your question. Postage to New Zealand $ 81.75 The version of Mac OS is Mac OS X Tiger (10.4.11 or higher), Mac OS X Leopard (10.5.6 or higher), Mac OS X Snow Leopard (10.6), OS X Lion, OS X Mountain Lion Thank you.
I think you must to ask directly to the software house, I use the Cubase which licence is included.
Yes. You can also monitor through the usb from the comp. This is a great product
Yes. Comes with a desk stand and an attachment to hold this onto a boom stand.
Yes it comes with a usb cord
Yes
Yes, honestly i wouldnt buy this mic. It is a complete waste of money
Mine just sits on its stand while not in use. Other than that it doesn't come with anything to store it in.
No, it plugs and in to USB 3.0 port (blue one)
2 inches I believe.
It does not come with a shock mount. Unfortunately, it only comes with one of those cheap, plastic stands that most USB microphones come with.
Yes it's pretty good for any type of recording. Once you use it professional. It's a good pretty!!
sorry we cannot ship to a Hotel you need to come and pick it up we are open to the public , we are a store
Yes, we can but you have to pay surcharge and it depends on your address.
sorry no
I suggest an adapter just to be safe...too important of a tool to chance
Use a standard power adaptor
Hi, I think you need a convertor. It should be very cheap from the local hardware store.
It is no longer an issue. It requires a 1/4 plug inserted into the "input" to function. Since it came w/ no instructions I didn't realize how it operated.
I imagine you could however, it is much more suitable for an instrument.
Yes, but only if you turn it to "11" :). Seriously, yes it will.
Yes it is.
The HOF pedal is a reverb pedal. The Flashback is a delay pedal.
No
no
Yes, it fits perfectly! This is a great guitar case to go with.
Length is 40 3/4" and lower bout is 14" and upper bout is 11 7/8"... SGX I own is 13 1/4" and 11" and still fits very well from the plush interior on these cases... I love this brand case!!!
I have a gibson 24 fret SG and it fits perfectly with no problem... These cases are made well and what a price... Get that case!!!
An SG is a Gibson (S)olid (G)uitar. So this case is for SG body style guitars, which is an electric guitar, not acoustic.
Bought a few cases like this...i would say prob so...wish i could guarantee. .the melody is one of their smaller guitars
Yes, a little pressure will be fine because you want the guitar to stay tight in the case. A loose fit will allow the guitar to move around too much.
Yes.
Sorry, I'm not sure... but my SG fits pretty snug in this case... not sure how much room your bridge takes up. If anything it would be a pretty tight fit...
well i haven't play any Jay Turser but i have a Epiphone SG and it fits great! may be you should check the size of the case and the size of your guitar :) on the other hand the case is just great
Depends on the size of your memory card but with the 2 gig card that comes with it probably 12+ hours at highest quality. It transfers to your computer like any other memory card or by usb. This thing is very easy to use.
There is a LINE-IN plug. So you can record from the Loop Pedal. For an acoustic guitar you just place the recorder near the front of the guitar and it picks up the sound crystal clear. It took me a while to figure out how to use it. It is easy once you know how, but I did struggle a bit to set the recording levels etc. If you work with the booklet, you could probably get the recorder ready for use quite quickly. I will say I've used a bunch of other recorders and this one is the best.
Yes, it can monitor. Input into mic jack, output to headphones. I use it off my Mustang 3 amp and listen to what I'm playing with headphones.
it might work if the room has acoustic treatment (quiet) and all 4 voices speak loud, If this is an investment for something semi pro, I rather go with the Tascam DR-40, which has 2 stereo mics like this tascam but you can also plug 2 extra mics http://www.amazon.com/DR-40-4-Track-Portable-Digital-Recorder/dp/B005NACC6M/ref=sr_1_10?s=electronics&ie=UTF8&qid=1396225154&sr=1-10&keywords=zoom+h4n
I would say that this is best suited to nature sounds. It is very sensitive and works better with subtle noises than anything amplified which can really play havoc with it regardless of the sensitivity adjustment
Yes. The mics are good quality. I use it for recording interviews for radio broadcast. Very good sound.
Hi Samuel, Here's what you do. Your DR-05 came with a USB cable. Plug it into your computer and the small plug end into the small USB plug on the right side of your 05 recorder. Turn the recorder on. On the small screen on your recorder chose storage. On "my computer" you recorder will show up as a hard drive labeled, "DR-05". Click on this and you will have two or three file folders. Click on the one that says "music." There you will see your audio files. Make a file folder on you computer and drag your audio files to it. There you are. Hope this helps. Christ is Risen!
I don't know of any case made for it. Use a frozen food bag... you'll still be able to see the display and use the controls.
no, this unit dose not have a timer or delay record function.
The unit does not come with any external applications for editing on a Personal Computer (PC). The device can connect via USB to a PC which does give access to the files. As for editing, I use the built in functions that allow splitting of tracks and then deletion of unwanted sections for a .wav format file. I don't think the edit functions are available for the MP3 files.
All of the hold points in the hardware are movable, so you could certainly put guitars in cases on there (by moving the hold points or removing them), but I would expect that you could not get a full five guitars on unless the cases are quite thin. Right now I have 2 acoustics and 3 electrics on mine (not in cases -- one of the acoustics is concert-size, the other is a thinner Ovation), and they all fit with a bit of room to spare. In fact, I ordered another set of the hold points so that if I am placing only electrics on there, I could get 6 on.
It comes assembled in a box. Just unfold it and its good to go. Height and Length stay the same.
about 4 inches
I don't think this would make a good stand for v it might but I think it would sit on floor not the stand. Get a wall hanger for the V or stand that holds it at headstock.
Yes, it will hold five acoustics, or at least five acoustics with flat backs. You'll have to be a little more careful putting them in the rack than I have to be with my six electrics, but they should fit easily. I could fit at least one, maybe two more electrics on this thing. It's awesome.
Mine only came with 5
It's very portable. The whole thing is one piece. You just fold the legs toward each other, and it flattens out. Takes 10 seconds or less. It won't fit on a bicycle or motorcycle, but it should fit in any back seat or trunk.
Flattens out to about 6 inches deep
The rack is shipped inside a cardboard box. The rack folds up almost flat. I'm thinking the shipping box with the guitar rack inside might weigh close to 9 pounds. Mine shipped free. It's a great guitar rack.
The 39.8 x 4.3 x 28 inches you see in the Amazon description are for the dimensions of the box it's shipped in. I have no idea as to why it's listed like that but the actual size of the rack opened up and sitting in my music room as of three minutes ago is: 39" wide, 19" deep(front edge to back of rack), and 25" tall. I hope this helps, I have six electrics sitting on the stand at present.
Real wood - top of the line! My daughter loves it...
This ukulele comes with Aquila Nylgut strings.
Flat, round battery. CR2032 or DL2032 (they're the same, the two letters at the beginning just denote who manufactured the battery). The uke comes with one already in it, and replacements can be found at any Walmart/Target type store and most drug stores.
Mine has no buzzing. Don't know how to prevent if you have it. I figured I would return to amazon if I ended up up with one that buzzed.
The one I have is definitely a concert uke.
It's not a Kamaka ukulele by any means, but for the price it's really quite nice. It has a lovely tone, it plays beautifully and it's quite pretty. I have mine hanging on the wall in my living room. I really love mine.
The inner label says "Designed in USA, Handcrafted in China"
This one IS a cut out body, and the case was a gig bag (soft case)
Have not done that yet not much help to you but I am sure goggle it and you might get the right pre amp
I use this with my Deering Banjo and it works fine.
Not unless you want to damage the case(Im sure not). Its molded in and you would have to cut the lining and foam...I would highly discourage chopping up this case....it is the case to have!
It should fit perfectly. I just measured the case and it is 40 by 15 on the inside.
I have never had any unusual odor problems with these cases. Larry "I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me." Philippians 4:12
I really think the case would fit in a string guitar (actually all kinds of standard acoustic guitars), you might need to put some clothing to fill up the space at the bottom within the case though, hope you find this comment useful
My guitar body is 19.25" in length and fits snugly in the case. While all the rest of your dimensions will be accommodated just fine in this case, your 19.5 body length will make it a tight fit, which is good as it prevents movement in the case. The padding will probably compress enough to give you the additional .25" you need. I was very surprised at the quality of this case...significantly better than I thought at this price point. I recommend you try it and if your guitar doesn't fit, you can easily return it. Good luck.
You need to measure your guitar for me to be any help at all. It is a great case and will fit most normal sized Classical guitars. It fits mine and my husband's perfectly, but I have no ideas the size of your guitar. Measure it then compare it to the size stated online or just order it, as returns are pain free on Amazon. You won't find a better case under &lt;$100 anywhere. I know, I tried. Good luck.
No
A little more than 41 inches.
That sounds like the standard size of a dreadnought, and I just took a tape measure to my Rogue and those are the same measurements. This hard case fits mine like a glove. So I don't see why it wouldn't fit yours.
44 inches long, 16 inches wide at the widest point, about 10 inches deep, lip overlaps enough for a snug fit, about a half inch overlap, it doesn't press against the guitar real hard, but hard enough to hold it in place. It looks like it will fit most regularly shaped dreadnaught guitars.
Yes.
If you take out the parentheses and spaces around the dots in the below address, if that is your guitar (the J-45 Standard), then I believe it should fit because the description says it is a dreadnought and that's what this case fits: www2 (.) gibson (.) com/Products/Acoustic-Instruments/Round-Shoulder/Gibson-Acoustic/J-45-Standard (.) aspx
Yes
If its a Dreadnought Guitar it will
It's a max of only 6 inches deep
I bought the case for Ibenez pf w/out any knowledge of size etc.. I get asked this ? a lot inside measurement 44in length, 6.5 neck 15 3/4 at its widest 11 3/4 at its narrowest I hope this helps
Yes a D28 will fit the D stands for dreadnaught
From the pictures that I saw on google of those guitars, they do look like they fit but if it happens that they don't then inside of the box of the guitar case comes stickers that already have the return address to return it & you can return the case in the same box and they guarantee your money back as well. Hopefully that helps (:
It is wide open inside. Almost any guitar will fit. An sg or g400 will absolutely fit.
This case fits my Fender Strat fine, so it should fit a Tele pretty well. Remember though, it isn't a molded case or anything, your guitar will move around more than if it was fitted for it.
never owned a mocking bird although there was time I really wanted one. My guess is yes, the body compartment is quite large. I have to use a pc of stryro foam to keep my strat or tele from moving around, a well made case for the price, Ive had mine for years
it should, ive used it for both fender strats and teles
yes it can fit a fender jaguar for those who have a fender jaguar come and get this on amazon.
I don't know, but it looks like it should... sorry
they are very similar generic guitar cases. The ChromaCast CC-EHC might be a little better built in my opinion
I would bet it will. I have strats and Dean Vendetta s in mine
As of my knowledge they have not
I doubt it would. It's made more for strat/Tele shaped guitars. My Tele fits pretty tight in it.
This case would probably be pretty much oversized for an open back. It could be used but you would probably want to put something (cushion, towel, etc.) in to make it fit better. A case made specifically for an open back would probably be a better choice.
John, This was a a GREAT deal and a beautiful quality case with great cushioning. Unfortunately, though the length and width fit, the depth did not. I have a 1917-18 European prototype banjo and the head depth was too large to fit the case. I had to push down on the case to close it causing the latches to strain. I called the company and they were helpful. Told me to let it sit for a week or two to see if the cushioning compacted enough to fit better. It did not and I had to send it back. It would've only been a matter of time before the latches broke off. It's been difficult finding a quality case at that price that will fit my banjo. I'm still looking.
Exterior length 41"; interior length 39.5"; interior width at bout 13"; width at neck 4.75"; depth 4".
It should, there is lots of room for the 5th string peg no matter what side of the banjo neck it is on.
It should
Fairly solid case but judging from my experience and other reviewers, there will have to be some adjustments made to the neck rest for a tailored fit unless you are just a fortunate person. Worth it, in my opinion.
Case will fit any resonator banjo... (not open back banjos)... with up to a 14-1/4 inch resonator... which is pretty standard for a resonator banjo. If your resonator is 12-1/2 to 14-1/4 (which almost all resonator banjos are)... this case will work great. I have Deering banjos and this case fits the Deering banjos perfectly. It's also not made for the unusual... Pete Seeger LONG NECK banjos... or anything out of the ordinary. Banjos with out a resonator would SWIM in this case.... as the resonator adds inches to the diameter of any banjo.
Yes it will. The DEERING GOODTIME 2 has a resonator. IF you have an open back it will still fit but you will want to add some foam to take up the space where the resonator would take up. The open back models are not as thick and the diameter is smaller with an open back some form of filler may be needed in that case. The Deering long necks and the Vega long necks will NOT fit in this case due to the extra length of the neck. Most banjos will fit in this case with the exception of some tenor and parlor banjos. this case will not cradle the neck on shorter banjos. The Goodtime 2 has similar dimensions to a DEERING SIERRA so you will be good to go there. Golden series fits too. You will find this case to be of good quality and for the money you will be happy for the most part. I have had my case for the better part of a year and I have toured with it and had great results. I hope your results are just as good.
I honestly don't know. I'm not as familiar with varying banjo body types like I am with guitars! If I had a banjo shop near by I'd take it there and try it out but unfortunately that is not an option for me! What I can tell you is that it's been a good purchase for me. It was relatively cheap and it's been really sturdy.
Yes it will fit,
It is not a musical instrument. It is a CASE for a mandolin. So I guess it would be hard to play.
Yes. That's what I bought it for. It fits nice and snug.
I measured just now and the inside is 10.5" from one side of the padding to the other... So it'd fit but would have an inch or two to wiggle around.
It's 29" long (on the outside) according to my measuring tape... About 27.5" interior dimensions.
Not sure, but it did fit my Breedlove crossover mandolin. You can probably check the stats on the two and determine if it would fit.
Not sure about an ovation. It's an exact fit for old Gibsons if you can use that as a comparison.
Read the reviews and look at the measurements
No
depends on the shape and style of your mando. If the body is an A style, it will fir. Please view my other answers t fit questions to get the actual dimensions of this case.
Sorry,can't speak to that mando. This fits a classic Gibson A Style like a glove.
Yes it does and you get free upgrade to Protools ten .. Cheers
Yes it does and then you are eligible to upgrade at no extra cost to Protools 10 or 11 through Avid.
Yes and it needs to say 9
I think windows 7 for shure
still not sure if it's 9 or 10, I know you can free upgrade to 10 if 9 was bought after Oct 2011. I would like to know the answer as well !!
I'm sorry I cannot comment on pro tools as this was a Chrismas present for my son last year. I don't know much about this item.
I have none. It's a real good plug in and ppl don't realize it. PT 9 and 10 have it. What's the problem?
This bundle comes with Pro Tools 9, but you will receive a free upgrade to the latest version of Pro Tools 10. The installation of Pro Tools, the MBox drivers, the iLok drivers, and the upgrade were somewhat tricky. I used the Avid installation instructions and carefully recorded the steps that worked for me on Windows 7: 1. Do NOT connect the MBox to the computer until the MBox driver is successfully installed. 2. Do NOT connect the iLok device to the computer until the iLok software is successfully installed. 3. Go to the Avid website and register the MBox and Pro Tools 9 using their registration cards. 4. Create an account on the Avid website. You will receive an email explaining how to get the free upgrade to Pro Tools 10. 5. Create an account on the iLok website. You will specify an iLok username that will be used to log in. 6. Download the iLok client and driver software packages. 7. Close the browser, install the iLok client, then the iLok driver. 8. Connect the iLok device to the computer and wait until the computer says the hardware is ready to use. 9. Log in to the iLok account using Internet Explorer. Other browsers won't work. Add the iLok device to your account. Log out. 10. Log in to the Avid account and use the access code received in the email from step 4. You will be prompted to enter your iLok username. Avid will send a message to iLok authorizing you for Pro Tools 10. 11. From the Avid account, download the Pro Tools 10.2 (or latest version) installer, the Virtual Instruments 10 installer, and documentation pdfs. Log out. 12. Log into the iLok account using Internet Explorer. Let it add the Pro Tools 10 authorization to the iLok device. Log out. Now the iLok has authorizations for both Pro Tools 9 and 10. 13. Install the MBox driver. 14. Connect the MBox to the computer. Verify proper installation by running the MBox controller panel software. 15. Install Pro Tools 10.2 (or the latest version) and the Virtual Instruments 10 packages. Pro Tools is amazing. Enjoy!
Yes it does.
Yes
No this is ProTools 9
10 but upgrade received online after installation
i'm about to buy it right now from amazon on a limb and assume that its pro tools 10. if so, this is one epic deal! wish me luck!
No. You can install whatever version you purchase. Just make sure it's compatible with whatever OS youre running. But buying Avid MBox with PT 9, will get you an automatic upgrade to 9.6, then 10, plus free plug ins
The boom arm is designed to just slide into the clamp and swivel freely. There is no way to secure it in place out-of-the-box, but I'm sure you could come up with a homemade solution
It will work. But I like the Rode Boom WAY better. Better quality and flexibility.
Yes. Above or below is fine. Whether you want a radio style setup or a voice over setup, this is a functional if not elegant way to move your mic around.
I don't know as I'm using a vintage Shure 55S. I would contact Heil. Sorry.
I have a Samson C03u, but It should work will all microphones with a standard 5/8" threaded hole. If you remove the base from the Yeti, it should screw in easily to the Heil HB-1. I saw the specs on the Yeti. It does have a 5/8" hole.
The label in the sound hole says designed in the USA, hand made in China.
We apologize for any inconvenience in this matter , however this model does not come in an electric /acoustic version.
Nope, I would say it's pretty neutral. I've seen men with this ukulele and this dude was hella manly. And I got this uke and I'm a girl. But yeah, I would say its mostly neutral.
We bought this uke for my daughter. The packaging was a carry case for the uke, the ukr was wrapped in a thin foam pad, and all of that was boxed. The uke itself is nice, good tone. My daughter loves the design and she chose it specifically. Good luck & enjoy
Not really for sure, however Luna makes good Ukuleles and I would hate to think , that there would not be some type of warranty, I have not had any trouble with my Great Wave ukulele. and I play it all the time.
Yes. Mine came in a little UKE zipper bag to carry it around in.
It is neither a Soprano or Tenor Uke. It's a Concert Uke, tuned gCEA. I bought this for my sister and she loves it!
The top is a mohogany laminate, not solid.
Nylon. I love this little uke. Don't even hesitate...
The answer is yes! It works very well. The petal can be placed exactly where you are comfortable with it. It is heavy so it stays put, it does not slide around, and it is large enough to accommodate the front half of your foot. It works perfect.
I am cannot verify the inch measurement but assume it is a 1/4 inch. It is referred to as a "standard plug" which means it is not one of the mini-jacks of today's ipods and mp3 players, but like the old style stereo headphone jack plugs that came on stereo receivers and tape decks before the mini's. Hope this helps.
according to their web site the SP-20 pedal is an accessory for the wk200: http://www.casio.com/products/Digital_Pianos_%26_Keyboards/Workstation_Keyboards/WK-200/?acc=Pedals#accessories_table
I took a chance with it for the WK225. It works perfectly with it.
Casio has different polarity than Yamaha. There are no name pedals that work with Yamaha no problem. Keep searching, is my opinion.
I believe it will. This is a line-in pedal and your keyboard has a line-in jack. Here is a link to the manual for your keyboard. Look on page E-6. http://support.casio.com/storage/en/manual/pdf/EN/008/PX350M_EN.pdf
According to the information that accompanied the pedal, it will work with all Casio keyboards. I'd say go for it. It doesn't seem that they'd be incompatible. Good luck!
No, it's either on or off.
The place to get the answer is to call Casio directly.
I don't know ...we have only the WK-225. Try asking Casio. Good luck.
This should help you see if it would fit: Interior Dimensions Body Length: 18.00 " Body Height: 3.25 " Lower Bout Width: 13.00 " Middle Bout Width: 13.00 " Upper Bout Width: 13.00 " Overall Length: 36.50 " - See more at: http://www.gatorcases.com/p/16136-768/gwe-elec-wide#sthash.rXgN1Juo.dpuf
Hello, This should help you figure it out: Interior Dimensions Body Length: 18.00 " Body Height: 3.25 " Lower Bout Width: 13.00 " Middle Bout Width: 13.00 " Upper Bout Width: 13.00 " Overall Length: 36.50 " - See more at: http://www.gatorcases.com/p/16136-768/gwe-elec-wide#sthash.0hPuEdXZ.dpuf
Yes! That's one that I have
I'm no expert but, any good mic requires you to be fairly close unless you are looking at using a shotgun mic. With this mic, I suggest you be about a fist length away. This is an extremely good mic, it compares to my Heil PR 40 which cost me about $340.
Yes it does. This mic seems to be too good to be true for the price, but it is a great mic and comes with everything.
No. Wired.
Yes, it does, Adam. As I'd written, I haven't used it. It's a desktop tripod with mic holder. The legs fold for more compact storage.
Though I have never used the ATR2500, I did read the specs and it's a superior instrument compared to the 2100. The price tells the story as well. The 2500 is a condenser microphone where-as the 2100 is a dynamic type. The frequency response is wider with the 2500. I am very pleased with the performance of the ATR2100-USB using it for recording acoustic and electric guitar, percussion instruments, and vocals. For the price you can't go wrong. I am running Windows Vista home premium 32 bit with 2gb of ram on a 5 year old HP/Compaq Presario using Audacity sound editing free software and the results are fine. I hope this helps
I don't use a filter and the sound is very good
It should work fine for you. If you should find that you sound too far away from the mic you can increase the gain (microphone sensitivity) or perhaps just increasing the volume level of the input device (the mic) in the settings of the recording software you are using. I have two ATR2100's and have used them connected by USB directly to my computer for my podcast. There is another way to get the sound you are looking for without having the mic in the shot, and a lot of vloggers do this, which is to record the audio separately from the video (record the audio in Audacity--a free audio recording software I use--or another such as Garage Band and record the video in what software program you usually would) and then sync the audio and video afterward. Just clap on camera to get your sync point and then cut that part out after you've sync'd them up. Let me know if you have questions! Ethan at LATBpodcast dot com
You can use any recording software. Yes it works with Windows 8.
I think it would work fine, but I don't know if the quality would be as a good as normal musical recording device. So I guess it just depends on what you're using it for.
Yes it works great for voiceovers keep it close to you and I would recommend a pop filter which you can get from Amazon as well.
I'd say it's better for a single person to use at once.
Yes it can. That's actually how I typically am set up when I use the mic.
Yes It Will! No Drivers Needed!!! That's Mainly What I Use It For Now!!
Make sure you go into your audio settings and set the output to audio output to the mic.
It does not however it works great with Audacity which is an open source audio editing software. I really Love this device.
I've used it with speakers before and it worked pretty well. it should work fine in your case
Delay all depends on your capture card my friend. However I can vogue that this mic is an excellent condenser mic.
It comes with usb cable and plastic tripod stand. The stand is cheap and weak, I strongly recommend to buy a better mount.
I can't speak to which would be better for singing but this mic works amazingly for recording speech. I did record a friend singing and playing guitar from it and it sounded pretty good, considering I had it halfway across the room. As for Windows 8, I have no problems with 7, 8 or 8.1.
It's plug and play
I'm not sure I use mine on my camper. Sorry
Yes they sell corners
yes
I honestly never had this problem. What I made sure to do is that when I put up the lights I made sure that it was low humidity. Seems to me that the failure has to do w/ humidity if using it outdoors. If inside #1 that A-shouldn't be a problem and B-regardless of using it indoors or outdoors if you go slowly it shouldn't be a problem. I haven't lost a light yet and I've been using these a bit over 2 months now. Also I believe if you bring it to an electronics store like Best Buy and buy some double sided electrical tape that's thin and about the same width that should take care of the problem safely. Don't buy masking or regular shipping tape as that is unsafe. If you have other concerns I'd contact Tao Electronics directly as they're very helpful and their email support is open 24/7. Hope this helps you out.
I don't know but I had to take all my lights down because they were getting dim the further down the strand
You can, but I wouldn't use solder. They make connection clips so you don't have to solder at all. The reason is because it has 4 very small contacts that need to be separate or it won't work
As far as I know the supplier does not offer a rechargable battery, but there are a variety of sourses for them. I installed mine in my sailboat, power supplied by the 12 volt battery system, and it seems to work without a problem.
Yes on both questions.
TaoTronics doesn't sell just the leds but you can find them from other sellers, but keep in mind the colors might not be exactly the same, even from the same seller bought at the same time.
It has a dinner button on remote
Yes, I use it with my Mustang III v2 amp. It works great!
No, sorry only the mustang and the G Dec
Before you spend money on something that will NOT work, email Fender and ask them, oh you can call them Too, they will answer the phone..... A lot of words to say "I Don't Know", sorry..... Play on my friend&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
Yes, this foot switch works with the G-Dec 3 30. I ordered one in December and it works.
Yes. That is what I use mine for
No, I think only III and IV. And it woul be stock for III.
From my research, I believe that it will work but some of the functionality may be compromised.
Everything the pedal allows is also available from the control panel on the amp itself...the pedal just gives you easier access (and the ability to change presets or effects without taking a hand off the guitar).
Yes. Three buttons have three functions. You tap mode button until you get to function you want the single tap the preset.
Because Amazon rocks. :)
3 pieces (15' total) is the maximum span the truss is rated per American DJ. You could easily do 4 pieces if you were hanging very little weight, but I assume you would take full liability for any accidents.
You need the smaller dura clamps because the tubing is half the size of a normal system.
10 ft
It's better off if u go with the c-clamps that's What I use. To be honest I really don't know if they do sell any " O " clamps. Bit the ones I use work fine to me
If you are referring to, http://www.fjwestcott.com/24-x-32-softbox-for-westcott-d5 , then I would have to say yes, since the lighting kits looks to be fairly light weight. These stands are very heavy duty and can handle a lot of weight. But they are targeted at holding the truss and not a light kit, so I'm not sure they would be appropriate for this use. In fact, possibly overkill. The tripods are quite heavy to lift. With three truss sections (30'), I hung over 150lbs if lights across the trusses supported by the two tripods.
Yes............ I actually regularly have 4 sections tied together without a problem. Just make sure you adjust the angle to make an arch, basic masonry.
It actually works great. And especially for the money. Tone is good. Volume is good. IF you have a problem with it (which almost never happens) you can fix if yourself. If you can't fix it, the company will replace at No Charge. You can't go wrong!! Dean
No. Actually, it does a very fine job. I always play my A-style mandolin with a strap and it doesn't get in the way at all.
You can, the output is similar to an MP3 player. No preamp is required
I would try some of the Sticky Tac stuff that is usually used for sticking posters and papers to the wall. My wife is a teacher and she uses the stuff all of the time in her classroom. She has always said that the blue kind sticks better than the white, but a little dab of either one would do the trick, I would think.
I have only used these pickups on an acoustic guitar and ukulele. The tone is great! The pickup attaches to the instrument with a clay-like adhesive that comes with it. You may need to play around with location of the pickup in order to get the kind of sound you are looking for, kind of an individual preference.
To be honest, I have no idea how it would work for a banjo as I have only used them on classical and acoustic guitars.
Not sure but I had to send mine out to California to be fixed because the CD drawers was cycling and wouldn't stop. The guy just sent me a new one finally. It took some searching on line to find the repair place Try unplugging from the wall, then depressing the power button for 30 seconds and try again
No...it will read cdg and USB that you supply
Yes
I do not know what a scd+g is, I am only familiar cd+g. It does play Gs but I do not recommend this unit or the amp that goes with it. It is unreliable. I have had 2 and both failed me. The first stopped working after a year and I only used it 4 hours a week max. They ended up replacing it due to circumstances. The second failed the same way and I just put it away. I pulled it out the other day and lo and behold it worked again. the problem wa the buttons on the unit stopped responding. I mean ALL of them. However, the remote worked fine. The volume buttons wear either on or off for loudness. I could go on but I suggest you not buy it. Sincerely, Wayne
There is a HDMI and composite video in the back either will work on your TV. But this thing is a really cheap built unit with bad audio feedback and lag. We returned ours when it died a week later. Very poor quality control. If you can get rid of it.
You can change octaves which slows or speeds up cdg track
No, it is not a streaming device and has no networking. It is a Karaoke Machine only
Yes it does
Yes, on the remote, there is a Key Change button. Very easy to do.
That's funny because I always tried to get it to do the opposite. I failed. I gave up on this unit anyways. Never liked it and when the echo gave out I put in it the cellar. Sorry I don't have better info. Yes it has a year warranty but they got you by the time you pay for freight both ways it is half the cost of the machine.
Yes it does!
Yes
yes and yes
Yes
It's compatible to use as a mixer or with the software. You can connect cdj's and use the vms as a mixer
Greetings....i only use it with virtual dj....don't know if it'll work with serrato...
Virtual DJ and Trakkor are more or less "plug-and-play". I would imagine its not to difficult to map other software to it http://www.adjaudio.com/ProductDetails.aspx?ItemNumber=1460&Category=23
Hi. working so far with XP only.
is for rack of 9"
I have heard that Native Instruments supports it. Numarks N4 controller was actually designed with Tracktor. Check their website. And if I recall correctly there are some YouTube videos with it being used with Traktor. Hope this helps.
Any numark controller is compatable with any virtual DJ system. You just need to go into the settings and configure it correctly
I use windows 8 and it works great.
Hi Irvin: I am a new owner of the Numark NS6, and since Serato ITCH doesn't support Windows 8 right now, it will support Virtual DJ, which is how I'm using it today. The only thing is you'll need a USB controller (I have the Behringer UCA202 - the most inexpensive one on the market today). Also, you'll need to download ASIO driver from the Virtual DJ website. Lastly, you'll need Virtual DJ Pro (full version0 to work with the NS6. If you go this route get back with me and I'll show you how to get tons of music for pennies-on-a-dollar.
Yes it compatible with windows 8. In fact i highly recommend if not using mac. Also works best with serato dj over scratch live.
Ns6 power adaptor only
I have in the past, functions great as just a mixer. Down side is no effects, etc.
No. The price includes the controller and Serato DJ
This price didn't include the marathon case. I'm not sure what ur asking about the hardware. As far as hours of use?
I'd play it safe and get a converter
I have this unit, and I love it! I purchased this pack without the main transmitter box, but In my situation, I play drums and the singer has the same unit, but he has the full system with the main box. I feed off his signal on stage, so I don't need my own main box - the main transmitter box can feed multiple units-- but in some cases, since mine is not "wireless" when it's on it's own, I would run a cable to the headphone feed on the snake or wherever, and then I would have my own headphone mix... but basically, If it's just you using the system, you will need the entire get up to go wireless, including the main transmitter box... confused? (ha) ...!
I know you can use at least two at the same time. I do it every week and have no problems.
Yes, my purchase did come with the pack and the earphones.
No, This unit is only compatible with the Shure P2T transmitter. This transmitter is also part of the Shure PSM200 system.
No. This attaches to a PC running using USB (thru MIDI protocol). The software on your laptop, then uses the laptop audio to mix music, change the speed, select tracks. Instead of using the computer keyboard and mouse to control the software, you can use this controller. The computer emulates the functions of mixers, speed control, turntables, etc. to let you DJ with this, a laptop and amplifier. Nothing else needed except maybe a Mic mixer..
Serato isn't compatible with the DJ2Go, and I am not aware of anyway I could map it. I would get the Numark mixtrack pro as it is a more functional controller and is Serato compatible.
Answer is No. There no audio interface. This unit is just a keyboard for DJ software.
The computer you use the DJ2GO with must have two different outputs (usually requiring two sound cards), and in your DJ software of choice, you'd set the main output to whatever you want your audience to hear, and the secondary output set as the cue channel.
Yes, all you need is Apple lighting adaptor and Djay app and you should be spinning some tunes in no time. Great for a back-up setup or small gig.
Por ahora slo lo he utilizado con su programa. Que se descarga de la web. No se si se podra reprogramar. No lo haba contemplado. Pero podra ser que funcionara.
Answer here...I remembered same happened with me. Pl notice difference between L I and 1 and I think I Dropped first two letters or numbers something like that....now I Dont remember well....
Yea ...if ur laptop has Dj virtual
no serial number, only bar code.
No!
This unit has many limitations. I tried it out but returned it to purchase the Chauvet Obey 10. It is more expensive but is more versatile. You can easily fade colors manually but automatic fading will be a function of the available programs of your specific RGB unit. I purchased a pair of American DJ Profile Panels which have a slow multicolor fade program on board. One fader on the Chauvet Obey 10 is used to select that program and another fader is used to select the speed of the fade.
Don't think it will...
as long as you can DMX them together, you should be fine. just remember that this controller is only a 3 Channel, whereas the RGB is a 7 channel, so you will lose some functionality, but you can mess around with some of the programming options and get a lot of it back. all in all it's a great little controller to use for up lighting purposes. if you want to put on a fancy show you will need something more programmable.
You're limited by the length of the cable run(s), the quality of the cable, and whether there is termination. 10 fixtures with 15' cables between work just fine.
This is a very inexpensive basic "3" channel DMX controller. This not a good choice for any complex DMX lighting. Sounds like you need to research DMX lighting basics, figure out what you want to do, decide on a budget, THEN look for a DMX controller that will handle the fixtures & your budget.
It's only for controlling leds in 3 channel mode . You need a full size dmx controller for the led moving heads
No only work with RGB LED uplighting
No it's strictly for 3 channel RGB uplighting only
All the Lights will need to be powered Individually. Cannot be powered by the DMX alone. Although that would be nice Feature lol. This particular Item is simple enough to be used but, for me for some odd reason it didn't work that well for me. So I ended up doing a return and got the Obey40 by Chauvet. Works Wonders and I love it lol. Good luck mate hope all works for yah.
Yes
They are engraved.
No it is one case that holds both the snare and the bells. There is also one stand that is used also. So you can't have the bells and snare set up at the same time, you have to take one off and then put the other on.
The back portion of the case is lined on the inside with hard plastic, but the front is just the material alone. Which is the typical backpack material. It may resist some light rain for a short time, but I wouldn't count on it withstanding some hard rain. I know my son has walked home in some light drizzle with it and it didn't hurt it.
We bought this kit about 2 years ago. My son said he's not sure if they were 2B. He liked and used them a lot. Unfortunately, they broke about 1 month ago, so we can't check the size. I would buy these again. Hope this helps.
The snare 13" x 3.5"
The ones that came with my set were not plastic. I'm not sure of the metal makeup but I'm positive they were not plastic.
I just asked my daughter, who used the kit. She says that there is a lever on the side of the snare that releases the snare, so that that it changes the sound on the snare.
I personally have not done an in depth comparison. I assumed that since pearl is a popular brand name, I should go with it. I would have chosen Yamaha if the price was right and I could see that it had the actual snare drum. The fact that my kid is happy with it and it has everything he needs for his class was all I needed. Again, it was mostly a good name for a good price with me.
14 inches
It is also Pearl, Scott.
Well, that is open to interpretation. The AC chord from the wall to the transformer is 46" inches. The transformer supply line to the controller is another 46" inches. The control module has a 10" inch tail to the connector on the light string, and a 6" tail with the IR receiver sensor. And the light string has a 6" line with connector head for the controller module. for a total of 114" inches (9.5' feet).
Yes the can be. And you can also cut every 3 leds to extend or do 90 dagree turns or extend over areas you do not want lit.
Mine did that and I just played with the remote for a while and it starting working again try hitting the RED , GREEN or BLUE button
Yes they can be linked. at the end of the entire strip,there's another plug to hook up another strip.
it remembers the last settings, brightness, color, mode, etc. For the price its a lot of fun.
Yes. There is also a free program to download on Android phones that provides more color and sequence options than the remote that shops with the lights
I had a somewhat similar issue and contacted Sunvalley Tek directly and they immediately sent me another remote and controller and everything has been fine since.
I would say it's a cooler white - more of an electric look than incandescent.
Yes, the cable is very clearly marked where it can be cut. There are Y connectors and special cables available for this purpose. You will need to do some soldering. Shrink tubing lined with adhesive is a good thing to have as well to protect the solder joints. It is usually called waterproof or marine grade shrink tubing.
Yes, I bought three sets and one remote controls the two sets I installed.
It is 8". As a percussion teacher with music ed background, I wonder why the band director has requested 10" or larger. 8" is standard and in my opinion preferable to a larger pad for a beginner because the smaller pad keeps students focused on staying in the center. A larger pad tends to promote sloppiness and "flailing" for beginners. Hope this isn't too late.
Sticks, bells, drum pad, and case. I had the same question originally and after a couple of calls a better list of information was sent. VERY PLEASED with the set. One thing you should know the drum sticks were a step up from a beginners level so I did have to purchase another set from Amazon..$7.50 We saved over $250.00 purchasing it this way vs. purchasing it though the representative that came to the school. Hope that helps!
Not sure of exact weight...guestimate it to be around 30lbs. It is on wheels. I bought for my 11 year old daughter who is a "bean pole" without much muscle mass but she has no problems transporting it. Bells are totally enclosed with inner flap to further protect the. Bells have a hand sized locking "nut" that secure it to the stand. This is one feature that the Pearl is much better than the Ludwig bells that some of my students have (which just "sit" on the stand). Good question. Hope this helps.
They are wood, but need glue-- easy-- and cute set with sturdy rolling bag. You will prob end up getting new mallets eventually (year 2) but it's not a big deal.
Looks like C has wheels & other is made to carry on back like a backpack.
No idea where it was made but very pleased with the quality of the product. My son is a very physical player and hasn't damaged it at all in over a year of playing on it.
One of the knobs fell off the mallets for the bells. No big deal we just put some gorilla glue on it and pushed it back on. That was a year ago and it is still stuck on there. Everything else had held up well. We thought the stand might not be very sturdy, but it is well built and has stood up to our son taking it apart and putting it together every day. Good luck!
Not sure but I bet you can google it.
yes
Yes they do- this is actually a really great set recommended by my daughter's band teacher.
Some electric guitars don't need an amp since some are built into them (have one and it works quite well). This one however does not have one built in so if you want to hear it correctly than yes, you need an amp. However you can play it without an amp but you won't get the great sound.
Yes it should work. They should have a cable that connects to your Xbox and the guitar.
This guitar does not come with brand-name pick ups, but the pick ups are pretty decent. This guitar is well made and the lacquer finish is quite striking. My only suggestion is get a new set of strings and Enjoy you not find a better guitar for under $500 unless you look at the used market. For 100.00 bucks this is a no-brainer well-made ,very nice. it's not an $800 Stratocaster by any means but if you looking for something like that then you'll need to spend some serious money for 100 bucks you can't beat it! You I can always upgrade the pickups.
Yes
Any electric guitar amp will work with this guitar.
It is full sized. It has the same design as the expensive brand name guitars. For a rookie, it's a good guitar. You'll be able to learn the basics and begin to discover what you like and don't like about tone, sound, style, etc...which is fun!
Its a Strat. Sometimes both have similarly wound single coil pickups but the nody shape etc hete id a Strat.
I bought this for my ten year old grandson for Christmas. Then I turned around and bought one for my 17 year old grand son. They love them and use them. A very good instrument that will stay with them.
It has a great sound and stratocaster tone. It will benefit from a setup and upgraded pups and wiring but is a fine guitar as is.
Yes, It makes a great practice guitar. I bought this one for a teenager who is playing the guitar and he is becoming very good I can say. I have 12 guitars that I own and each one is different. This one is lighter than most electric guitars but the sound is very good. I would recommend it to any guitar player.
Ernie ball, regular slinky guitar strings they r great for a beginner or expert, my favorite strings
No.
I don't really remember. I returned it because I just couldn't get the intonation to adjust properly.
yes you can if it's a strat pick garud becouse i did it my self
It honestly compares pretty well surprisingly. I set the action on mine pretty low and get great sound without any fret buzz. I picked up this guitar to have as an extra I could get a little rough with and not have to worry about it so much at its price. It actually sounds better than my 400 dollar Schecter.
Any amp that says it is for an electric guitar will work... there are many of them available here :)
no
I use it to record music classes. It is outstanding. Parameters need to be turned on so sound isn't too faint nor too saturated. Outside lectures can be difficult for any device but this will do it about as well as anything. Upon getting this I would suggest recording a TV show in your home, radio blasting from your stereo and talking. Learn how to optimize the recorder for various environments and it will pay off on your trip with flawless recordings. If that sounds too complex then get TASCAM DR-40 which can be set to record everything twice. One is called a "safety track" at a lower level so you're sure to have something. Buy a bunch of SD cards and an external hard drive to back up your work.
Standard 1/4-20 camera mount, which means that you may not be able to use a mic boom or stand unless you have an adapter.
Yes. It will store up to 99 mark points as metadata on the BWF audio.
I use the line in function all the time. The first time though... yeah, it was too "hot" but that was before I used the level input on the unit to decrease the input volume. So now it works just fine.
Never recorded classical but this machine records great. It's will depend on settings and placement so far everything I record comes out great no issues at all
Works well. I have recorded a gig, chopped up the recording on the computer and made a playable C D
I don't have BOTH units so I wouldn't know about the DR22. On the 07 the output volume as well the headphone / output jack can be manually adjusted. You can download the manuals as pdfs for both items for full specs from TASCAM.
Yes, it can be used with other mic. Remember an adapter from XLR to miniJack if your mic plug is XLR. With a good mic there is no noise.
No, I wouldn't wear it, definitely will produce handling noise even with the headset or lav as the mic cable brushes your clothing while changing positions. Look into an inexpensive boundary mic from Radio Shack or other source, set it on the ground near you. It has a hemispherical pickup pattern, they're commonly used for conference table meetings because of this. Sorry for the confusion of a "Yes" answer, I editied reply but it wouldn't let me change to a "No".
Didgital - yes
Perhaps the line6 dveloper who answered me can help you!
Sorry Gaylord there are no drum patterns or beats in this unit only guitar effects.Hope this helps.
yes, has 24 presets. I personally find it going in and out of preset mode a little clumsy trying to step on both pedals
One at a time is right!
nope. you can only use one effect at a time and 24 places to save them.
Definitely. It doesn't work without one.
Yes, it does
No, it's capable of being used entirely on its own. Though if you want to record anything, a computer is needed.
No; find no battery well in the unit; uses step-down transformer for 120V to 9VDC 2.5A minimum
I have the the FBV MK2 footswitch, works great, can't comment on the others though.
Absolutely.
You would need to make sure you're able to use your amps power section alone. You can find out by looking at the back of the amp/head itself. Otherwise you could try running it through the amps clean channel.
Not really adjustable. Holder threads into wall mount. Should hold all of those no problem just make sure you get longer screws to mount base.
Its perfectly easy to screw in. Better to use a screw driver not a drill.
Yes that's how I hung mine
yes to both questions; they are perfect. Guitars hang freely and do not touch the wall; no scratches to guitars either
Hasn't effected any of my guitars yet.
I experienced no noise,I would say the reviewer was getting noise from a bad cable or the ground loop on his PC.
With my Alto, my signal path is mono. I can hear the mix in both ears when I have my headphones plugged into the headphone out Jack. So you won't have a problem
Yes the mixer does have phantom power on the XLR mic inputs. 18 volts will work with pretty much any condenser mic.
Yes it has an unbalanced stereo main out that will connect to active powered speakers. The mixer acts as a multi channel pre amp.
Yes you can
There's only one standard mic input, but there are two aux inputs with 1/4" jacks. You could plug one of the mics into an aux input and run two at the same time.
Hello, Geroge, Yse this unit will work with levaliar mic you mentined, Unit has no phantom power switch so only those mics which need fantompower not compatible with this Alto unit,
Yes
Yes
As long as you're running it with a cable that has XLRs, it should be great!
The mixer is still working great for me. I store it in my garage, and since I live in Arizona, the temp goes from close to freezing to blistering hot. Hasn't caused any issues yet. I haven't noticed the mixer getting really hot after usage but I only use it about once a week for around 3 hours. No issues at all other than I might be ready for a larger mixer now. Great 1st mixer for my 4-5 piece band.
I am a Alto dealer: Great question This ZMX 122 FX is equipped with the Alesis digital effects system one of the best in the industry. I would highly recommend this drive board for that
Yes. Especially for karaoke!
I run my midi keyboard through my Mac and output from there to a dedicated channel on the board using 1/4 with no issues. I've also ran a powered keyboard directly to a channel with no problems using 1/4.
I like the effects for vox, the preamps are decent, and I think the guitars would do fine through there. Be aware that the main outputs are 1/4" so you should get highend 1/4" to xlr cables if that's how you plan on getting into your qsc speakers, unless they have 1/4" inputs too.
Hi, The CTRL Room Left and Right jacks next to the main mix jacks is for the monitors. The level/volume for those jacks is controlled by the Ctrl Room/headphone volume knob. Here is a link to the quick start guide: https://www.altoproaudio.com/downloads/ZMX122FX%20-%20Quickstart%20Guide%20-%20v1.3.pdf Good Luck, It is a nice little mixing board. Very happy with mine.
Hello Vectroxe This is a non-powered mixer which just sends an audio signal. wattage is not important as you are not sending power. You will need to send the signal to either a power amp which is creating the power and volume for speakers. Or, you will want to send the audio signal to a powered speaker(s) in order to get volume. You can use an audio mixer like this to mix several audio sources. for example, you can plug in a few microphones, keyboard, guitar, etc. each instrument or mike plugged in can be adjusted separately for volume, tone and effects. the effects on this mixer are excellent and the sound quality is clean and superb especially at this price point.
You have to use the volume control
Its 110 volt only
Hi. All I do is use a stereo mini-plug adapter in the headphone jack. I had to get a pair of RCA to 1/4" plug adapter to connect to the board. These adapter components are readily available at Radio Shack. I think Amazon has them also. Nick
They are wooden. I use them w/ my kindergarten classes. They take a pretty good beating, but will begin to splinter in time.
Yes, there's a booklet that gives some ideas on how to use them.
12 inches. I've decided that they are actually a bit *too* long for my preschool classes though. Ideal would be 7", but I'm going to try having my husband cut one of them into two 6 inch sticks and see what I think of that.
I'm sorry, I don't know. However, that is a good question, as I teach music to very young children I'd like to find out myself.
I'm at work so I ca't double check, but I am almost positive it was Israel. I remember because it seemed like an unusual place, but I was glad it wasn't China.
These are about 4 inches tall, sturdy, great for little toddlers. excellent little musical toy.
They are light enough for my son to hold them up when he was 9 months. They are pretty light but very durable at the same time. A month and 1/2 later they are still in perfect condition even after my son beats them repeatedly on the floor. So they, in my opinion, are worth every penny.
I have orange, green pink and blue- hope this helps!!
no we have many colors available-- if you order you can email and I can let you know the color choices--we have many other than green- hope this helps!!
They are some sort of plastic, but that being said, they are pretty good quality. We've had them for a couple years now I think, and we have a 3 year old and a 15 month old who shake them, bang them on pots and pans, drop them, etc. and they have held up with no damage. They are the perfect size for little hands and seem really durable.
Latency is a function of buffer size in your DAW. Lower that and this delay is reduced (potentially to imperceptible levels with a buffer of 128 or lower)
It's a solid keyboard. Unless you're going to play it with a sledgehammer, it'll stand up to normal wear and tear.
It's a MIDI controller. Sounds do not come directly from the device. It needs to be plugged into a computer or a likewise device. So, no, there is no headphone slot.
I saw that there is garageband support with a plugin, check here: http://www.roland.com/support/article/?q=downloads&p=A-300PRO&id=44382538
Hello This are standard Synth Sized keys, thanks 8thstreet Music
Yes, it comes with a USB cable. The computer s standard (called USB 1 I believe), then the end that plugs into the Roland is a USB 2. The unit rocks, which i use with mainstage mostly. Good luck.
Quite long; around 8-10 feet. From the product page: "Diameter 6.3mm plug and it is 8 Ft long"
Yes. I bought this for my daughter to use on her ukulele, and it works well. She clamps the pickup onto the headstock, and plugs the jack into a guitar amp when playing with others. For practice, she uses a tiny Honeytone amp, and that also works nicely. My only concern is that the lightweight cable looks like it could be easily damaged, but we've had no problems in several months of use.
It clips on- I clipped mine right on the headstock. This is basically just a very sensitive little mic, not like a regular in-hole pick-up. It will pick up bumps and so forth so if you are looking for a really clean sound invest in a higher quality in-hole pick-up. This will do in a pinch to connect to an amp for practice but I wouldn't recommend it for performance.
The wire is super long, you should be able to clip it in any way that you feel comfortable.
I'm very sure you can it works perfect for my acoustic guitar
Yes
i only use it on my guitar it works great not to sure about an autoharp
Wow, that's a tough question, guys. I've never been asked "rocksmith" before. As for the pickup, it works and could be used on about any instrument I suppose. If you want to make serious music, save your money and buy a real one.
Have no idea.
I don't currently own a baritone but I can't see why it wouldn't work.
Are you plugging this straight into the camera?.. or into a transmitter?
This mic is not made to be plugged into a camera directly! You need the transmitter and receiver as well! I got this to replace the mic that came with my audio package!
I have used it several time and it has worked great! The only problem I have is finding microphone cover!
Well I no but you could get a mic for your I phone if you take think link you could see what I am talking about http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nNCuQricWOA
Also known as a 3.5mm jack or a headphone jack, this will definitely work. It only records on one channel (not stereo sound).
Use TRS cable and power will be fine. Any 3.5 mm M/F cable will do
I think my are 36 inches.
This is a replacement mic for the Sennheiser EW 112 system. This mic goes into the sennheiser transmitter. not into anything else. That is what it is intended for.
sorry don't know .. What I have is a wired lavaliere mic, haven't used a wireless system
I'm not a Zoom nor Sennheiser salesperson. but my hunch is this mic will work with your recorder. That said, there are cheaper mic alternatives out there. This ME2 is probably about the same cost as the zoom unit itself; it's ideally meant for the Sennheiser EW 100 series belt packs. Also bear in mind plugging in any passive mic signal will require phantom power (input voltage boost) to recognize signal. This will most likely impact your battery life - something to think about. Check out this youtube video for whatever passive mini (1/8") mic you plug into the unit (if the link doesn't display, search youtube for "Zoom H2n Exernal Microphone" - the author forgot the t in external): http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lC5_2LYVoPc Good luck.
My daughter has this one and she has had no issues with it closing on her when she has it open. I can take a pic of it open this afternoon if that would help you.
It's for B-flat soprano clarinets
Yes. That's what we have and it fits without any problems
14,5 In x 8 in x 4,5 in 37 cm x 21 cm x. 12 cm.
Had to ask my daughter because I purchased it for her. She says there is only one pocket on the outside. She says there are places for the clarinet and there is compartment on the inside for reeds and cork grease, etc. Does that help?
Its a shoulder strap.
14.25" x 7.75" x 4.5"
22" Bass, 14" Snare, 10" & 12" Toms with hardware to mount on bass drum, 14" & 16" Floor Toms with stand hardware; and I don't know if it was a special being run when I bought it, my kit came with a "Bonus" 8" Tom. The kit does not include cymbals, cymbal mounting hardware, snare drum stand, or bass drum pedal.
It comes in two boxes. One is about 24x24x24, the other is about 24x12x16.
Yes all drums come with heads already on and ready to play. Will need tuning however.
Its a seven piece with the snare. 3 rack toms 2 floor toms bass drum and snare make 7
No, just the drums and Tom mounts.
I own the IR200 but not the IR110 or the IR130. The IR200 is awesome, it is like shining an invisible floodlight down my sidewalk....it lights up the whole area. There is no way to walk into the yard without being illuminated. If it ever malfunctions, I will probably buy another one. This is in stark contrast to the IR illumination thrown out by the IR LEDs that surround the IR camera I have there (which is wimpy at best).
850nm
It has a wide viewing angle of approx. 50 foot wide, at a Distance of 150 feet, ( I measured it with my 100 ft tape) the beam would probably go farther but that is where my travel trailer and boat is. The minimum distance would vary, as mine is tilted up for maximum distance. My beam starts at 22 ft from the light source and lights up everything out to the 150 ft. I bought the first of these lights and it lasted two days before burning out. Amazon took it back, and I bought another one. It lasted 36 days before burning out.
Very low amps. I have purchased many of these and run them off 12 volt batteries in remote areas. There is not an amp rating anywhere I can see on the unit. I can tell you these will run a month or more on a 12 volt deep cell marine battery. They are a great value for what I use them for.
That would depend on the voltage and amperage that your system produces. If its a 12 volt system running at 5 amps you should be fine hooking it up.
Make sure your camera has night vision or its a waste of time. Camera should detect night time auto. If no night vision, forget this
This unit will only work with cameras that use 850nm Infrared Wavelength. Please verify your specifications of the IR Wavelenth of your camera. Some cameras are 950nm and will not work with this unit. Additionally, this unit has to have the same sight line alignment with your camera.
Suzanna, when powering the light, are you in a dark room ? If not you will not see IR illuminate. Also the angle you look at the unit play into the equation. If further help is needed please feel free to contact me by e- mail at 511securitymanagement@gmail.com. Have a great day. Sgt. John R. McGrath
Yes
The power supply output is 12v 3000mah (3 amp). Power consumption is 18w.
No it sucks don't buy it because it only comes with the cup to put the sticks and the little top thing to hold papers. It's not even a stand it's legit just the top part of the stand. So I really don't think it's worth it.
No it doesn't. It just comes with the music sheet holder and the drum stick holder.
Meg don't buy it!! It's just a stand it doesn't come with the practice pads!
No. The item did not fit my Peltors.
Joseph, take a look at the attached 3M/Peltor link below. It lists the 3M/Peltor product for the model number M60/2 Mic Cup Windsock replacement cover that is compatible for most Peltor products. My guess is that it should work. Hope this helps. Jeff... PS-I would also recommend considering the Gel-filled earcup pads. I put a set on my Peltor Tactical Pro's and they make a big difference. A bit pricey, but worth it. Model number HY80. Takes a few minutes to get them seated properly, but they are much more comfortable than the stock ear pads. I purchased them through OpticsPlanet. http://solutions.3m.com/wps/portal/3M/en_US/Marine/Home/Products/Catalog/?PC_Z7_RJH9U5230GE3E02LECIE20S4K7000000_nid=NG1JQL2WV3gsLDL9MLP7QVglVSKTP2V7GJbl http://solutions.3m.com/wps/portal/3M/en_US/Marine/Home/Products/Catalog/?PC_Z7_RJH9U5230GE3E02LECIE20S4K7000000_nid=NG1JQL2WV3gsLDL9MLP7QVglVSKTP2V7GJbl
PAIR
I don't know if it will fit your Cordoba 25ck but my Les Paul concert ukulele fits nice and snug. It is a sturdy case.
Given that the soprano ukulele is smaller than a concert ukulele, you may find that there is a little too much "wiggle room" in the case when you attempt to put the smaller soprano in the concert uke case.
It's a great case for the price. Will; protect your ukulele just fine. I expect your uke will fit, but can't say for certain.
Usually, a tenor ukulele is larger than a concert ukulele. I am a little confused by your 'tenor concert ukulele' description. Based on my limited knowledge of the different types of ukuleles, If the tenor is more than 1/4 inch larger than the concert ukulele, it probably won't fit. My concert ukulele fits very snug.
Thank you for your inquiry. We have attached the specifications given to us by the manufacturer for all the dimensions of this case. Item Style: Ukulele, Concert Total Length: 24.5" Body Length: 12" Lower Bout: 8.25" Upper Bout: 6" Depth: 3.75" Padding: 20mm
pretty thick, like an Inch. I love this case haha
25" Overall Length x 11 1/2" Body Length x 6 5/8" W Upper Bout x 7 3/4" W Lower Bout x 3" Deep
Just one. They usually run between $90-$115 depending on where you buy them. They are super loud for the price. There is not much on the low end but we use these for our entertainment business.
Hi Shawn, yes you can. I just googled the Alesis SR16 and found it has four audio outputs--a main left and right, and an aux left and right. Connect the main left and right outputs of the Alesis (1/4" unbalanced cables) to the "line" inputs of the Powerwerks (1 and 2)
For speaking PW50's are great. Music-wise, one is ok for background at small house and cocktail parties....but singing & and playing for small dancing audiences, I use two PW50's and add the sub-woofer. Powerwerks speakers are made by Kustom. Good quality, reliable.
Well, it's about 850 watts underpowered. I use it for calling trivia and I average 50-60 people per game. It's well-suited for that although on extra busy nights I am pushing it a bit. As it happens, I also own some Behringer powered speakers and for the money they cannot be beat. MUCH better suited to your application. The PYLE stuff is better than nothing, but the sound matches the quality, which ain't much.
No
It's pretty loud for the size, but a space you could describe as an "arena" might require something more substantial. These are great for a "room" even a "hall". For outdoor use especially, it wouldn't really project very far.
hey... it really cuts thru everything.... depends on the band really.. I notice a lil feedback when I use it as a monitor... I use it as an addition to my PA Speakers.... Positioning is they key.. You really can hear them thru everything... they are built really well.. I only have one... It is very loud.. hope that helps :) peace you only get one per order... and the feedback thing is only when I run it line out on my external pa head... but itself it's better .. if you're doing JUST Vocals.. it's loud and cuts thru..
Woha...you lost me after "Can I add an..." But I know someone who can answer that question....give me a few days as I am out town and may not hear back from him right away.
I don't know it was a gift for someone
Yes, as long as you have an adapter from the small headphone sized cord, to the large 1/4 inch input.
They definitely fit though the can would be about 3/4 deep into it. Not sure if that's a problem.
Well, technically the product's inner diameter decreases slightly but roughly 3". It will not hold a Nalgene-style 32 oz bottle but just about anything smaller has worked for me.
Yes, if you have one of those black music stands that can be extended and adjustable for height (just like a mic stand can). The adjustable/extended part is where the swirlygig would fit (not the base part). I just tried it on my own and it fits perfectly.
Yes, it works great, and holds the red Solo cup nicely.
Plastic coated steel wire. Not very heavy.
It fits on any kind of a pole. The one I purchased is used on a microphone stand.
I'm using it on a 2011 mac book pro (2.2GHz Core i7) with OS X 10.8.2 (lion) and it works flawlessly.
Yes
yes you can. the unit is self-powered so you can take advantage of those smooth-sounding preamps without needing to be plugged into the computer via usb.
Yes
Yes, they are TRS so you can use XLR inputs on your monitors without issue, However you can also use Mono Jack TS into phono inputs on your monitors if they are single ended but hum might be an issue.
I don't know for certain but there shouldn't be any reason it wouldn't work on a newer Windows OS. Scarlett 8i6 has its own drivers of course and there was originally an issue with them and I saw them when I got my device but knew about the driver update and got it and then it worked fine. I don't know about ASIO4all but I tweek my recording software (Ableton) to deal with any latency issues and have never messed with ASIO4all but I know it gets good reviews....I just have never needed it. I know this wasn't the greatest answer but I hope it helps.
No, it does not have build-in speakers
Yes
There is a dvd sold by yamaha to learn to use the keyboard and the keyboard includes an user manual. This is a very good instrument, pro level.
No
Yes, it does.
If you can, I still haven't figured it out, I also have a Yamaha psr s650, what I do is play them together connected to the PA system with the same tempo and it is awesome. I am still working on playing another keyboard into my mox6. I learn something new everyday and loving every minute of it.
the flash drive has to be formatted for the keyboard,i dont see it in manual, but you can download a pdf manual from yamaha and check it out.
Sorry but I returned the MOX6 and bought the Motif XF 6.
We put a presonus 1602 in it with the rack ears and it worked fine.
Yes it will work!
No. The back of the case has a plastic removable cover for access to wires but no mounting brackets. The mounting options are 6U's on the front of the case and 10U's on the top.
The Behringer Mixer doesn't look like it's rack mountable. If you put it on a rack mountable top shelve the mixer will be to tall to put the cover back on.
personally, I have not seen a 10 u rack with this design. That doesn't mean they don't exist though. Sorry I couldn't be more help.
All of the Items your asking about have to be purchased separately. That's too bad, your just getting the case.
Yes, but it would be better to use a 12 volt power adaptor with at least a 1 amp rating. Just make sure to get the polarity right (positive at the center).
Yamaha PA130 120 Volt Keyboard AC Power
Yes it does. It's a piece of plastic, doesn't look too "heavy duty", but looks like it'll do the job for 90% of the sheet music out there.
Mine is still in it's box, because it's a Christmas present. If you google it, you should be able to find the specs on usa.yamaha.com.
Yes. It has a headphone jack on the top right next to where the ac adapter would plug in. It takes the larger pin; not the small narrow headphone pin like laptops and cell phones, but a fatter more 'standard' type like with karaoke machines and stereo systems.
It would. I'm using a 500 milliamp adapter. No problems at full volume. ;-)
No problem with the power button. Turns on and off with ease. Plays OK for a seriously beginner keyboard. Same tone no matter how hard or soft you hit the keys. At 61 keys, I thought that my son who was taking keyboard lessons might show a greater interest with his own keyboard. It didn't happen, so I'm glad that I didn't spend a lot on this model.
That was also my question? No. I haven't been able to record, or to connect with other media
The keys are not weighted. Generally you have to spend quite a bit more to get weighted or semi-weighted keys.
no
It is about the same as playing an electric guitar un-amped, you can hear it if you in a quite room. I bought mine to play at work without annoying anyone while I practice. I now use a VoX adapter and head phones because it is too quite and I found myself digging in too much in order to hear it un-amped.
I am not sure if the bridge is strong enough, use a light gauge elec string
Same as an electric guitar, 1 7/8, it feels perfect for lead guitar(solo) not the case when fingering because it's a little uncomfortable.
2-1/4" or 56cm
First it is a very nice guitar with a very good electric sound but no acoustic sound. Yes, the guitar comes already stringed with basic nylon strings but I replaced mine with Aquila Alabastro Superior Chitarra Classica strings. The guitar does not come with care or maintenance manual. Any standard classical guitar strings will fit the guitar. Another user suggested Savarez 500CJ strings as a perfect fit for the guitar. I plan to try them next time I replace my strings.
Yes, the one that I got have them, and it got dots on the side too.
They do not currently make a left handed one. Your best guess for thin body leftly guitars is going to Oscar Schmidt or the Kona K2 series.
Yes I believe so, i dont have any problems but i adjust the neck because i like the strings close and dont have any problem at all.
This adjust the neck so there is no bow in it. you will see an opening at the end of the fret board. for the wrench.With the guitar tuned to pitch look down the the neck from the head. if you see a dip in the neck. meaning the neck is dipping away from the strings you need to turn the allen about 1/4 of a turn clockwise then check it again. it is nice to have it strait it will play better.If you go to far the strings will start to buzz in the first few positions.
Would be just fine for a hotel room. It is about the same as solid body electric guitar.
I don't think so. I purchased my case to fit a vintage Gibson which has a shorter neck. You should probably contact Asher Lapsteel directly. They sell a hard case for their lap steels and I think they sell gig bags as well. www.asherguitars.com I hope this helps.
The Guardian bag is only 11" wide. TKL has a bag, model #4629 which should work fine for you.
Yes, that is what I got mine for, it is a snug fit, but not bad for the price. Decent quality construction.
I only know that this case fits my Recording King lap steel, which is 34 inches long and almost 11 inches at the body.
Yes, and it's a well made case.
I got a pedal as part of a bundle, but I seldom use it and it is not necessary for a learner. Up to you, really. Any earbuds will work but the jack will need a converter to fit the large-style opening at the back of the keyboard. I have an older-model earphones that fit perfectly, but I think my keyboard came with a converter, something like this: http://www.amazon.com/Gino-6-5mm-Female-Adapter-Converter/dp/B006Z8MSR4/ref=sr_1_45?ie=UTF8&qid=1379325993&sr=8-45&keywords=earbud+converter
No, I bought it separately
No
alice--i am not sure what auto chording is, however, you can with the push of a button change keys. for example, let's say your playing a simple "c" chord. you can continue to play the same "c" chord, but push the button and change it to another key. hope this helps. i love it. tom.
Yes
I'm pretty sure this comes with a sustain pedal but it's plastic and doesn't hold up well. I ordered a more substantial yamaha pedal for about twenty bucks. Check ebay or amazon online.
I don't have the box any more, however, it was only a couple of inches longer than the keyboard and the height unknown. Hope this helps. Tom
To quote one of the other reviews: 'The pole comes with a 3/8" thread for the mic attachment, so you either need mike holder or a mount head that fits 3/8" ', so you will have to figure out if that is the kind of mount you could get to your Azden mic.
If it's perfectly
yeah it screws right into the bottom. You can't adjust the angle so I would advise purchasing amount so that you can, but it is great!
Approximately over 6 feet.
No, this will not have clips to hold the mic cable in place.
Absolutely - You can go the $$$ route and buy a dedicated mic boom or you can save several hundred $$$ and get a painters extension pole - Check out any home improvement store or Amazon and do a search for Sherlock or Wooster extension poles - 8-18 foot extension is about $40 - Even cheaper if you go with no name import brand - Weight is obviously a big factor, but like mic booms, most painters extension poles are designed to be lightweight and durable and they get the job done just as good as a $$$ pro one - Good luck.
Yes I owned both and it attaches to it
Hi Vince, attaching the xm55 microphone kit to the Rhode micro boom pole is very simple. The shock mount and ordinary mic holder attachment that comes with it already has a 3/4 attachment which can simply screw on to the end of the boom pole. Some microphones for instance like the Rhode NTG2 comes with an adapter in case the connections are a bit smaller. Hope this answers you question.
Yes, but never put the Rode Videomic Pro on a boom pole, the sound will be absolutely atrocious. Only ever connect your Rode Videomic Pro directly to your DSLR or other camera to get decent audio. The only time you'll get good sound quality from boom pole operating is when you're using a higher quality shotgun mic like the baseline Rode NTG-2 or Sennheiser ME66 for instance. The reason for this is that these shotgun mikes take XLR connections and cables that will connect with a portable recording device or sound mixer on set, which will create professional sound quality. I can't stress enough not to use the Rode Videomic pro on a boom pole, as the analog cable connection is terrible for sound quality.
It extends to around 10 feet I use it all the time great product.
No it does not.
My 12strg Celebrity fits. It's made for Mid-bowl size Ovations. So it would depend on your bowl size.
Strong and comfortable to take it into my car
Yes Jeff, it's available. Thank you.
Yes it can. Actually That's how it was designed to work. Just clamp it to the headstock, turn it on and tune. I'm a bass player and that's how I tune.
You have to push the mode button to light this up. It is the on board metronome you set it and then a little heart (lower right) beats to the BPM.
I don't wee why not. You could clip it on the headstock, right?
yes it will. it has a very wide bandwidthand i just went into my guitar room and tried it. it will recognize all of the notes on your cuatro. happing picking
It's CR3032 in mine.
The tuner is amazingly precise, but it is you who has to do the tuning. It is as good for electric guitars as it is for acoustic ones. Clip it on the headstock in a way that you can see the display. Always tune the string from a bit lower to higher (i.e. from flat toward sharper), this way, the string will better stay in tune. Also, make sure you hit exactly the 12 o'clock position (the green line) on the snark tuner when tuning a string. Take your time. If it shows some yellow lines right of the 12 o'clock position, you're getting too sharp. If it stays a bit on the left before the 12 o'clock position, you're too flat. If your guitar does not stay in tune, the most likely cause is that your tuning pegs are loose. You may tighten them carefully and slowly (don't overdo it). The pegs should turn easily but with a slight feeling of stickiness. They should definitely not rattle or feel loose. You do this best when restringing your guitar after taking off the old strings.
Yes.
I should think so - if there is room for the clip.
The Snark SN-5 is supposed to work for Guitar, Bass and Violin. It works great on my acoustic guitar. I don't have a Bass, so I can't say for sure, but I bet it would work.
I recommend the multiple instrument Snark. It is red, not black, and works well between our guitar and ukulele.
I am using it with w8. No problems so far.
Yes it does
I'm not quite sure. It works on my mac, that's at 10.6. I would go to bet that it would work with your Mac.
no it won't I had to return mine as the size stated on the website is not the correct size. It is actually smaller than what is listed. Hope this helps
This case has a pocket in the front that is 11" x13" then narrows to 9" x 13" ( trapezoid shape ) so a hard notebook will not fit . If you use a soft folder that fits regular notebook paper you will barely get it in. Also my guitar is 40 1/2 " long and the zipper just barely closes . Otherwise this is a soft case but really the best deal for the price . Hope this helps
It would likely be a tight fit, if it fits at all. The case is designed for typical classical guitar dimensions. The NTX700 looks like kind of a hybrid, and the fact that the neck meets the body at the 14th fret instead of the 12th makes the guitar a few inches longer than a "normal" classical guitar. I'm not sure how the dimensions of the body of the ntx compare to a typical classical. . . That would be another factor that would affect whether or not it would fit.
These cases are made for a classical size guitar, but I use it for an Epi. EL-100 which is a little over 41''. It is snug, I've streched the case a little (it is soft) and I am happy with it. I do not carry the guitar out of the house so I'm not worried about really hard knocks. Remember there are other deminsions to consider my el-100 is 15.5" wide I would not go wider in this case. My depth is 3 7/8" and I would not go deeper. The fit is perfect for me but I am at the max.
The guitar fit perfect inside and doesnt move when you carry but remember this case is for classic 39 inch guitar
The dimensions of my guitar are L 39.5" W 14.5" and it fit perfectly. The most important is overall length (40" max) the other dimensions, height and width, are more flexible.
My Takamine classical, is 39" long and fits snuggly. A "jumbo" classical or a guitar over 40", I believe would not fit this case to ones satisfaction.
It was a gift, so I don't know. It was a bit snug but it is well constructed and a great lightweight bag.
I don't believe this case would bde wide enough. 40.3 would be tight, 18.3 is too wide for this case as it is about 15 in in width.
Golly, I think it is lighter for sure. I haven't weighed it but it feels more like 5-6 lbs to me. Of course I've never worked for a carnival guessing peoples weight either. :) I 'm sure it is less weight than my hard case.
Yes
yes
Yes it has multiple attachments as well
no, but this one will http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00615M2CC
Heres a vid that may help. I bought my adapter off ebay a while back and i cant find the link. http://filmflap.blogspot.com/2012/07/painters-pole-mic-adapter.html?m=1
It depends on the diameter of the mic but this has never happened to me with my Audio Technics ATR6550. It is 13/16" in diameter and I can hold it with the mic straight up and down and it doesn't slip.
No, it doesn't. It would be much better if it did.
If you can I do not know how to do it. I tried doing it with my iPad and it would not let me. It is not as good as I thought it was going to be.
No, it only works with the sound.
Yes. It does. You can connect it to your iPhone or computer.
You shoul be able to use any karaoke system with it. We've even just played YouTube videos an sang along. We haven't used ours as much as I expected but has been fun the times we have used it!
It is a great machine, not only you can connect it to your iPhone, but it also works with your PC, iPad, etc. The microphone are not so good, you probably need to replace them after a short time. In general, it is the best of all.
It is junk. Would not play anything
For the price it is good. It does not show the words.
iPod docks just fine. If iPhone 5 has a different pin size, then you will probably need to get an adapter with the RCA audio plugs.
It uses the older plug but should work with a plug adapter just fine. That will charge and play.
I would be mystified by that and return it if within return window. My unit worked just as expected and was the star of the block party.
The bass is ok. You cannt adjust it, so it depends on the songs/music. The one I have is the size of a bookback...I am not sure about the other sizes. Hope this helps.
The ION Rocker series all come with power cords. I own the non bt (bluetooth) one, I have a bt adapter. But, my adapter works with my iPod, so my assumption is that this bt version should work with any bt compatible device like iPhone.
Nope, it has wheels and a handle like a rolling suitcase.
Hello! Yes, it's included. The unit itself is a great device. Have fun.
No,it has an ipod dock,rca inputs and 2 - 1/4 inch microphone inputs, but the new improved model is 50 watts and has bluetooth connectivity built in.It's called the Explorer.
no it doesn't! I got caught out on this one. This is the version that doesn't have Bluetooth. They have changed the title of this product after I pointed it out to them. It used to say it in the title. Its great to see they changed it. It has everything else though. battery, cable, mic and Aux cables included. ALso handles and wheels.
Margaret, don't buy this. It breaks almost immediately. Read other reviews too. There is one microphone plug-in, but I never used it because the thing broke after a few uses.
First of all, this is a Karaoke with a nice built-in mixer right for pad and voice. The wireless mic has no noise at all. if you Chromecast to TV under same WiFi, you could lower TV audio and output it to this speaker, losing quality a little. To keep quality by getting audio directly from pad, I mostly use adapter and HDMI cable, shooting pad to TV or projector.
I don't think so. The only ports are: power, mic input and aux in (like the kind for your phone or kindle device).
I have bought this article and it comes with only one microphone of poor quality
No screen...no CD's.....you can add a mic but it won't be wireless.
i dont use app, they charge money and not as good songs. I just used youtube. search as karaoke :)
The microphone that came with is wireless and it doesnt work. u cAn buy new microphone. it has plugging microphone.
I'm sure it will. It works with the normal headphone jack.
It works with the regular headphone jack so it should be fine
no - it only plays audio in devices- Its like a speaker with a wireless mic and it has 2 inputs for audio in -(I pad) Cd or whatever you want
I'm sorry. I don't know.
It is OK for 8 years old to use, but the songs for learning is very limited. It is more like a toy instead of learning tools.
No- the Piano Apprentice has a 30-pin connector (the older, large connectors), while the iPad mini has a Lightning connector.
Yes. I use my ipad mini retina and it works great
All you need to buy is a 30-pin to lightning adapter and it will work with the newer iPhones and iPads.
Yes.
Yes
You have to have an app going. Garage band works well with it. It is basically a small midi keyboard.
I bought this piano so I could take it with me camping. I have the second iPad that came out and an iPod touch. It works on both just fine and yep, there's a connector that comes attached to the piano. I don't know about 2014 ipods...I'm sorry I cannot answer this for you.
Not unless you purchase an 8-pin to 30-pin charge and sync adapter. It's only like $2. The piano is for the older iPad so it still has the iPhone 4 charger but the converting adapter will let you use the piano. I bought one and an adapter it's works great and I love the piano. Hope this helps.
No.
Yes. Here are the full details of the included software at NI: http://www.native-instruments.com/en/products/komplete/audio-interfaces/komplete-audio-6/overview/included-software/ Although KOMPLETE ELEMENTS is the distilled version of the award-winning KOMPLETE 7, it still weighs in at 3 GB, with over 1000 production-ready sounds and effects. Instruments for all styles of music are included: vintage drums from ABBEY ROAD, orchestral instruments from the Vienna Symphonic Library, band and world instruments, stunning REAKTOR synthesizers plus eight powerful guitar amps, matching cabinets and 27 stomp-box effects. TRAKTOR LE 2 DJ software provides two playback decks to spin tracks directly from your hard drive, with full iTunes integration and iPod compatibility. The new hi-res colored waveforms and automatic beat-sync functions make it simple to use the looping, cueing and effects and go far beyond ordinary mixing. Cubase - the world's most popular software for com- posing, recording and mixing music - is a digital audio workstation for Mac and PC. This LE version of Cubase 6 provides up to 16 audio tracks, up to 24 MIDI tracks and plenty of scope for recording and arranging songs. And, of course, it supports the instruments and effects in KOMPLETE ELEMENTS. To expand your sonic scope even further, KOMPLETE AUDIO 6 includes an e-voucher* - worth $30 / 25 - valid for the entire range of KOMPLETE Instruments and Effects at the NI Online Shop.
I advise Scarlett 2i4 if you need 2 separate outputs for DJing, NI does the same but I had glitches on this soundcard. Roland is decent choice for sure, had good experience with M-Audio too.
Komplete Audio 6 simply converts the audio from analog to digital and feeds your DAW the input signal, and then converts and plays back the audio signal your DAW sends it. It is mainly the software you use (DAW, plugins, effects, virtual instruments, etc.) and the computer audio buffer setting in your OS (drivers) that cause latency. I am not sure about Logic Pro. I use Digital Performer 8 (DP 8) on my Mac and it allows you to adjust the hardware input monitoring for Komplete Audio 6 (it's called "Configure hardware driver"). Logic should have something similar. I set the buffers to 64 and latency is non perceptible. Lower buffer size equals lower latency. But anytime you record through an effect it introduces some additional latency before the software can route the signal back to the monitors. DP also has automatic plugin latency compensation. I record guitar through amp simulators (which are real signal processing hogs) and have no problem with latency due to the low buffer size I use and automatic plugin latency compensation. Komplete Audio 6 also allows you to direct monitor your input if you want to. It routes the input signal directly to the monitors (and feeds it to the DAW) so you hear exactly what you you are inputting with only the latency introduced by your microphone and monitor cables (unless you run extremely long mic cables it should be imperceptible). Of course you won't hear any effects this way. But it may be a suitable trade off if latency is an issue. Check the Logic documentation and see if you can adjust the hardware input buffers. This will have the greatest impact on latency. And see if there is plugin latency compensation in Logic (it is on by default in DP.) These will help. Or try recording dry, with no effects, and add effects after.
Still no updates and I still wouldn't recommend it.
Yes, I use it with my 15" MacBook Pro (mid June 2012 release) without any issues.
Yes. There is a button (48V) on the back to turn it on and off. I have used it. It works. From NI's website: 48V phantom power for condenser mics and active DI boxes
If I understand your question right. I would guess that it does, but that it'd record it as just the L or R side. I bought a splitter to plug in the 1/8th stereo iPad out into the 3/4 L and R inputs. It recorded fine as 2 channels.
The inputs can record in Stereo, so you should be all set recording 2 analog inputs and 2 digital inputs at the same time.
I'm not sure what you mean by "with a soundcard." It is an audio interface that plugs into you laptop or computer using a USB 2 cable. You use it instead of your computer's built in audio (or soundcard) to get higher quality audio. It also functions as a MIDI interface: "MIDI in/out for master keyboard, Maschine or any third-party MIDI controller."
It will not reduce latency. The only thing that will eliminate latency for VSTs is a dsp interface that uses the interface for processing of the VSTs instead of the cpu processing the VST. Universal audio has an amazing interface that does just that, the only problem you would run into is that you would have to use the universal audio VSTs (which cost a lot for the average consumer). Look into getting Vsts that use lower processing and are cheap if you can't afford universal audio. I recommend that you look up Steven slate. I give everything he has 5 stars because it doesn't require any processing and it's reasonably priced.
Yes it will tune a guitar, but it won't tuna fish.
Yes, it works perfectly.
Yes, this tuner works perfectly for the ukelele. My wife and I both use it to tune ours...spot on. For the price and ease of use....I'm a fan.
Yes - it will tune anything.
There's a pressure clamp on the tuner that you clip to the head of the uke. It has soft jaws so it doesn't scratch the finish.
It works great. My daughter was able to tune the instrument right away. Great product well worth the money.
I have never tried mine with a Luke, but it's my understanding that any chromatic tuner should work for the ukulele. It's probably best, however, to pick one with a microphone. And ... they may have done something to optimize the SN6 for uke. I'm really not sure about that.
Yes! The Snark is a favorite among us banjo players.
Yes it should.
Product Details Product Dimensions: 1 x 1 x 1 inches ; 0.2 ounces Shipping Weight: 3.2 ounces (View shipping rates and policies) Shipping: This item is also available for shipping to select countries outside the U.S. Shipping Advisory: This item must be shipped separately from other items in your order. Additional shipping charges will not apply. ASIN: B004Z17008 Item model number: SN-6(A) Batteries 1 CR2 batteries required. Average Customer Review: 4.7 out of 5 stars See all reviews (345 customer reviews) Amazon Best Sellers Rank: #20 in Musical Instruments (See Top 100 in Musical Instruments) #2 in Musical Instruments &gt; Instrument Accessories &gt; General Accessories &gt; Tuning
I just looked at my daughters violin she got from the school and the satin varnish looks more like it than the natural color. I hope that helps.
No, it is not electric.
It is clearly stated just below the top. A 1 year manufacturers warranty against defects.
I am not trying to be flip with my answer, but its like comparing a VW Beetle to a new Corvette. The difference is that noticeable.....higher highs, mid range is dynamic,lows are right there without being overbearing....I have both headsets.....I hardly ever use the the 7506's anymore. the 7520's keep getting better as they break in. You will not be sorry if you purchase them......Roger
standard 1 year like all Sony headphones from an Authorized dealer, which we are.
Made in Thailand. But these are the most incredible pair of headphones i've ever owned!
In my opinion, this a very affordable set of headphones that is built for whatever you chose to throw at it.....seriously, buy them, you will not regret it......Roger
Mine were real, I checked them over thoroughly.
They are leather and oblong shaped so not sure if the beyers would fit.
Yea they're compatible with any 1/8 inch stereo jack items and 1/4 inch stereo items...the 1/4 inch is an attach included in your purchase.
Yes the cable is detachable (socketed). Clamping force is a little on the high side, but quite comfortable and this helps seal the cups to your head. Great headphones, much much better than the older 7506s.
Pyle-pro Pstk103 Heavy-duty Aluminum Anodizing Dual Speaker Stand With Traveling Bag Kit (here at amazon). Not the best but lightweight, easy to carry and affordable ($64.95). Holds speakers up to 100 pounds. In the other hand, Guitar Center has really good quality stands (not lightweight but durable).
Yeah I used a powered sub with this system and it improves the sound quite a bit. I don't remember exactly how I did it but it was pretty easy.
you could probably use the headphone jack to add a subwoofer.. But it would have to be a Powered subwoofer. or add a bass guitar amp to the pa.
Yes
Both. There is a switch on the unit to indicate the input voltage. Mine came with a 110 plug, so you will just need a plug adaptor if you want to use it with 220. I have used the unit successfully with both voltages.
The mixer is an amp as well.
Yes, just match the channels and you are set.
9 volt
yes it does. i use this 3 times a week and have never had any spikes that hurt my ears
You can send the monitor out from the board to the unit. As far as being able to hear vocals a good set of headphones makes the difference. The band I do sound for all have these packs but we are slowly upgrading the headphones. Started with the shure 215's that came with them and now our drummer has a set of westtone uem 30's. The difference between a single driver and triple is a huge difference. Only bad thing about this unit is its not stereo, only mark I have.
Yes, they come with one pair of Shure SE21 headphones.
As far as i known transmitter can talk with up to 4 receivers
If you mean do the headphones have speakers in them...then yes.
Good question, I dont know specifics buti have not found interferience on any channel i choose for a gig. It works first time, every time. Rick
I got two half rack pieces at the same time, one having the rack mounting and the other not. I cannot remember which piece of equipment the rack mounting came with. Sorry, James.
Yes it does. One transmitter runs up to 6 packs if I'm not mistaken.
Box contains cable for Connect to mac.
You wouldn't use thunderbolt - you would use USB. The Macbook Pro has USB ports, so you simply would plug the JAM into one of those directly. The confusion comes because the JAM comes with two separate cables: a 30-pin adaptor and a USB adaptor. The problem is if you want to plug it into an iPhone/iPad/iPod with a Lightning connector. But if you just want to plug the JAM into your Macbook, then no problem. Use the USB connector that is included!
That's what we started out trying to do. After trying a number of things, we finally gave up. It seemed like there was nothing that would allow us to do that simple thing. I hope you find what you need, and if you do I would live to hear what it is.
It goes through your computer/iPad. And then from there to your speakers. The power the JAM needs comes from the devices.
Yes You can listen using your iPad's built-in speaker
The Positive Grid JamUp plug is a total swindle and is not worth 10c. The problem is bad build, really bad build. Hint: toss it out the Jam-Up (or better still, take the sissors to it) and get the Apogee. The Apogee is clean, clear, reliable and does not feedback!!
Get the Apple Lightning to 30-Pin Adapter.I bought the one that is a 9 inch cable for extra mobility.The stubby one is also good for tighter spaces.
all you need is a free USB port. somewhere. somehow.
I don't think you need this for either Duet 1 or 2 since these devices do the same job and have the requisite breakout cables. You may need a guitar cable with a regular 1/4 jack on the guitar end and a 1/8 jack on the other end to fit the jack input on the breakout cable. Since I do not own either the Duet 1 or 2 and can't speak from direct experience, it may be best to check with Apogee on this at their website. My thought however, is that owning the Duet and the JAM may be a redundancy. Good luck Carrol
Yes, there is an adapter that u can hoop it up to a mac thru usb
I think 10 pads
47-63
A total of 12 is in the box.
After using more than 2 years, I can say: First, the connection, volume box connect in the loop effects, if you use effect pedals in loop effects, put in the last position. The speaker soak from the output of the amp to cabinet. Second, the sound, I use to play with my amphead Blackstar HT 100watts, well it works well, but the tone changes a little, so for practice is ok in my opinion, but if you use with combo amp, 40 or 50 watts, you need to increase the level of volume box and the tone will change but not too much, so in amp combo 50 or under, I prefer to not use volume box. The Speaker soak is better, it is like true by pass, not change the tone, but it is very very expensive. I hope to have responsed you.
I dont believe that the blues breaker has an effects loop so it would not work. It woks great with my vintage club 50.
I don't think this pedal will do anything for that problem. This problem is simply a volume regulator. Your problem could be anything from a bad cord to a bad 1/4" jack in the amp.
No. A loop pedal is not the same thing. You need an input/output clearly marked as "effects loop" on the rear or your amp to make use of this device. You'll risk damaging your amp otherwise.
As long as your amp has a separate FX loop input/output it should be fine. DO NOT run it between the head and cabinet as an attenuator though. You'll damage the amp.
Yes it does.
Sure does
No... it sucks big time.
Yes.
My rating for this snare would be 3 stars for its functionality. I was hoping that it would give me a better sound than the other snare I own, but it's not as good. Even though there is adjustment, It can barely be adjusted to my taste - very limited adjustment can be made. I would rather get something more expensive like the Pearl of something.
No.
No
Its a 13 inch head
This seriously depends on your head and what sound you want. I use Remo weather resistant heads for church and I tighten it ALL the way. Sounds so crisp.
Yes...that's what I bought it for
The velcro itself will never let go- I could see it holding as much as 35 pounds. The problem is the backing adhesive. It will peel off before the velcro will making this stuff not much more useful then double sided tape.
1 meter or just over 39 inches. But, remember that it mates to itself so the actual amount you have is to put on a single surface is have of that length.
No. Paint would gunk up the material. Velcro works by a series of ridged hooks engaging none ridged material and latching mechanically. Painting would suppress this mechanical function
The description here says 39.4 x 1 x 0.1 inches. So, it's 3 feet 3 inches long by 1 inch wide. Since I have not actually bought the product I can only go by the description given. The Godlyke website says 1 meter which is just under 39 and a half inches. In other words the length given in the product description here. But since you get a single strip that mates to itself the amount you have for attaching to one of the surfaces is half of that length.
It is a soprano Uke, strings A, E, C, and G tuned to the middle octave on a piano.
For a beginner the Soprano will be a good Ukulele. It is lighter and produces good sound with a little strumming, which will suit a 3 year old better. The other types that you mentioned, i.e. concert, tenor and baritone are heavier and has more frets and longer stem which will be hard for a 3 year old to handle. You can get the starter soprano Ukulele with instructions very cheap. You need to buy a tuner to go with it to make sure the uke is always tuned before playing. If it does not work with your 3 year old, it might work for you and you might like it. The most commonly used chords are very easy to learn.
DESIGNED IN USA MANUFACTURED IN CHINA
there's none (no tuner)
It does take a couple days to get the strings stretched enough to hold their notes.. But after about 3-4 days, depending on how much you are practicing, it's holding long enough for a whole practice session-- which are short as my fingers aren't built up to cope long with working the strings. I tune again when I play a couple hours later, and they aren't far off center pitch.
Go on Amazon OR Call your local music store. There is a chain called Guitar city or something like that. People are really knowledgable & nice in my area . Good Luck
I found that I had to stretch these strings a lot to keep it tuned. But, I would trade or return it, for a better ukulele.
I bought the ukulele for my daughter. She says the more you play it and get the strings stretched, the less you have to tune it. She said it took a couple of weeks and she plays it every day.
nylon strings
It is not normal for any instrument to do that unless you are changing climates or going from an air condition room to a high humidity environment. There are little screws on the tuning keys that may be loose, give them a little twist but don't over tighten or key will crack
Umm no, LOL
Yes you can mount to any standard mic stand and the mounting end is the same for either style stand.
It has components to mount on a stand--it's not a shock mount, per se.
About an inch, though it adds primary protection, this alone is not sufficient. This did it's job perfectly, but what matters also is the pattern on your Mic and your rooms protection. Initially I went to home depot and bought 2 bi-fold closet doors and lined them with foam on in front and one in back of the artist. And ultimately built a sound proof booth which is it's new home and it works at its optimal level of reflexion. I'm not saying you need to do all that but it will control and protect your voice from blending with ambient noise minimally, not all, and not album quality. But it's a start and a necessary step into the right direction. They make a couple models of which I tried two and I couldn't notice the difference, I purchased this one for the more professional look.
No stand, just the isolation filter
Yes, that is what I bought it for.
I think yes fit a this guitar bout you need other case for you excellent guitar, I don like this case because don't good quality. Excuse me my english. saludos
Yes. Not super snug but works well.
black
Yes, I believe so, since the EG128SC is just a cutaway version of the G128S. If you look at the Takamine website and compare dimensions, they should be very close if not the same.
I dont think so. It will fit a classic guitar body perfectly. This one looks a bit wider.
Yes it will fit. Please call me with any other questions. Thank you, Adam GTRSTORE 646-460-8472
No
No this case would be too small for it
I don't know. But mine is G440C and it fitted pretty well
no
No. The g series I have was too big for the case.
Takamine GC1124 jumbo case will fit the guitar properly
sorry it took me long to answer it is about 10 to 15 pounds, its really light. I used to ride my bike, run, walk for 30 minutes to my practice sections and it wasn't heavy. Now the regular saxophone strap is for masochist, so just buy a neotech strap.
We can ship to New Zealand with additional shipping and handling fee. Please contact us for more details.
The Yamaha YAS 61 was supposed to be Yamaha`s first professional model saxophone. In my opinion the Yamaha YAS 61 sounds brighter and louder, but that`s with the Bamber jazz mouthpiece. That will make a difference. The Mendini was not far behind the Yamaha YAS 61 in sound though. I give the Yamaha YAS 61 a grade A for sound quality, and the Mendini Alto Saxophone a grade B to B+ for sound quality. Switching to a jazz mouthpiece on the Mendini does make it sound brighter. I like Lavoz reeds too. I have not found the most ideal mouthpiece just yet for the Mendini Sax. I haven`t had it long enough to know. Bamber mouthpieces are not for sale anymore, that is I can`t find them on the internet. Metalite M 5 is inexpensive on amazon.com and will make the Mendini Alto Saxophone louder. It will be short shank so will fit on the cork further out than the mouthpiece that comes with the saxophone. E. Rousseau JDX 6 is another jazz mouthpiece for a little more money. Right now I have been practicing with the mouthpiece that came with the Mendini saxophone with a Lavoz reed. Maybe a homemade metal piece inserted in the mouthpiece will make this mouthpiece play brighter. I think it has a fairly good tone quality with the Mendini mouthpiece. The Mendini alto saxophone has it`s own signature sound as other saxophones have as well. The Mendini alto saxophone is a little quieter and slightly less bright than the Yamaha, and not necessarily worse. Some saxophonist don`t always want that bright of a sound. I do though. Hope that answers your question ? If you want to ask more questions please send another request. I`ll try to help
I do not know. I bought it for my granddaughter and she has used it ever since I bought it in band classes and concerts. She has had absolutely no problems with it.
It is NOT plastic. I got the black & silver one and it looks nice!! Will upload a picture shortly...
I have no Idea. Probably manufacturer can answer that better. Sorry.
it would raise the price a little but yes
alto saxophones are about 24 inches long and maybe 6 inches wide. but most important i wouldn't buy this piece of junk, i would look for a yamaha sax yas 23 for a student
My saxophone came shipped by UPS service. The box it came in was the original Mendini box or carton. The saxophone I received was shipped with no problem from KK Music Store. They stipulate if there is a problem of breakage to report it in 24 hours. The saxophone will probably be sent UPS or FED EX as I don`t think the US mail will handle something as big as that. As to your question, will it break ? I guess that depends on how rough they handle it in shipping. Make a claim right away if it does come damaged or broken.
No not at all! Well packaged!
Use a set of RCA cables to connect from output on back of record player to input on the Yamaha. Red to Red, White to White.
Not that I'm aware of. Never tried to adjust the arm. Not sure if your talking up and down or lateral movement.Either way I haven't had a need to do so.
Sound quality is fair...about what you hear out of a portable radio. The speakers are tiny. The volume is okay. I never got mine above halfway. The unit is more useful for converting vinyl to digital, IMO.
A turn knob like anything else :)
No
It has a belt drive.
This one looks to be the replacement stylus: Pfanstiehl Vinyl Record Player 793-D7M Diamond Needle Stylus, Replaced 793-D7. I found it here in Amazon, and compared it to the one I have. The vendor I bought my unit from included an extra stylus.
No - Only plays one record at a time
Yes
It may be the record itself perhaps? Is the player level? My unit works beautifully 2 yrs now!
You can manually select the Major Key with the left hand dial (or the Minor key, if you hold the foot-switch down). So, you don't need to use the guitar input, but you'll need to manually set the song key each song.
Yes. It is a plug n play. The mic plugs in the unit and the out goes to whatever....cool stuff!
No. About 1 pound. Very cool pedals.
Low. Regular Mic cords between the pedal and the sound board. Great pedal!
Yes
I have found it pretty much equals your voice and if your guitar is in sync ..you should really be pleased.. keep in mind to use all the dials it has.... Enjoy,,,Steve
The 1/4" output jack just passes through the guitar signal, not the vocals.
It works very well, and you can use it gently, with barely noticing that there is a second voice, which makes your voice sound nice. You can obviously use it for complete harmony, which is nice, but even on low setting it is a pleasant, fulll sound. It also does some gentle pitch tone.
According to their website, yes. However, I am not sure about the wiring of the 3 pin XLR. It could be wired as "balanced audio" or as "unbalanced audio". Balanced audio puts the sound on pins 2 and 3 with 1 being a ground. Unbalanced is usually using only 2 wires, so it might be any combination of and 2 wires. A little experimentation should provide results. In my case, I was using balanced audio and it worked just fine.
The AT2035 is a condenser Mic that requires a 48 volt phantom power source to operate. This cable cannot provide phantom power and may only be used eith dynamic mics.
yup yup yup
no it dose not but there is a inline thing you can get to supply the 48V, sorry.
no, you need phantom power for a condenser mic. the computer does not provide that. The cable is made for dynamic mics.
Most likely not, since you handycam probably has a USB mini, or even worse, one of Sony s own mini USB version. You would need an XLR to a mini USB, if it exists.
http://www.amazon.com/Excelvan-BM-800-Condenser-Microphone-Recording/dp/B00K72ENKE
Does your keyboard amp have an XLR input, very important. What OS are you using. Your PC/Mac should recognize your usb output for your app.
Yes, I use it with the same exact Mic.
i bought it and it's not working it's scam :( so i just boguth the USB one for PC......
This kit did not come with a case. Only a soft bag.
There was a tag tied onto the uke that explained what the strings were. I don't have it handy but as I recall, Aquila was the brand. They called them "nygut" strings, which are supposed to simulate the qualities of gut strings while having the durability of nylon. I like the sound and feel of them and I don't have to retune them that much.
Laminate
OU2 is made of Mahogany wood and OU5 of Koa wood.
Yes it does.
Yes, you can also use regular mutes on it as we'll. everything is the same except it is more condensed. That's all
7c
about 9"
I believe it's the standard mouth piece size for trumpet.
I was surprised, but no there is no difference. My full size trumpet has the same loudness of this one
There shouldn't be. That should be "lead" with a long "e" sound...as in "lead the way" or "follow the leader". The first part of the tubing of a trumpet, into which the mouthpiece is inserted, is called the lead pipe.
Of course.
Cecilio is the company and the instrument is made in China, and as previously stated, the workmanship is excellent.
No. We have not noticed that. I'm afraid what we have noticed is that this is a passing thought for a 12 year old. The band teacher does not encourage the kids to play this instrument as it takes different muscles (compared to his regular trumpet). Very disappointing. We will be selling this beautiful little trumpet soon. Sad to say.
it is true [think the Beatles 'Penny Lane'], but bear in mind it is a more rigorous horn to play due to its smaller size
Yes. There are a few ways you can hook it all up together, however I would also recommend investing in a crossover as well. Pushing a full-spectrum signal to a sub muddies it up quickly, and the PR-15s aren't exactly designed for earth-shaking low end. A crossover will clean things up a bit. I'd do a little research before investing further.
That is a hard question for me because when I got the speakers they handled the 2400 power but they sound bad.so put more power to them and blew them to bits. I ended up replacing them( with the same box of corse) with jbl sub woffers just wasn't what I was lookin for
There is no access to the crossover. This is a very low budget piece of equipment. it's a low budget speaker in a box. The terminals aren't even decent.
This is a passive subwoofer.
You saw the review I hope. Honestly I blew the damn things out in 2 months, save your money and get the pv118. Things have passable cabinets and crap woofers. You put these in a mild outdoor situation and they're FUBAR
The crossover is low pass, so it would not affect the low end. This is more to do with the characteristics of the woofer.
whats wrong?what heppend with instrument?
Yes this truth
I read reviews that the mouth piece that came with this instrument was not good so I bought a Yamaha mouth piece for my daughter. Her music teacher told her to use the Yamaha and keep the one that came with the saxophone as a spare.
Yes it comes with the neck strap and everything shown,
YES.
My daughter has been using the sax since September 2013 and we have had no issues with it.
They are their own company, and they manufacture their own saxophones. These are decent student saxophones, although I would't quite recommend it for professional use.
I believe China
Yes we do have black for this size.
Does not have a lock of its own on the case, you would have to provide its personal lock :)
Not exactly sure, because we are out of town (this away from the violin), but my daughter has a 3/4 size violin. It fits wonderfully, and has plenty of room to fit a full size snugly. The pocket on the top fits her bon musica, tuner, and rosin without out being difficult to zip shut. It is very light weight and definetly worth the price. However, the handle on it broke right away. We still think it was a worthy purchase though, given the price. The violin only leaves the house once a week though. Not sure how the case would hold up if you transport your instrument from place to place frequently.
Dear Ri, We have this case in Black, Red, Brown and Navy Blue. Thank you for your inquiry. George Sky Music
This was a gift for my granddaughter. She is a third grader and the violin is not full size but am not sure hoe big it is. The case works for her. Sorry I don't know more.
Inside length is 25 inches, width is 8 inches at the widest point and depth is almost 4 inches. It holds 2 bows in the lid.
El Monte, California
We have a 3/4 in ours and there is about 4 inches in length to spare. Hope that helps. It is a great case, I can always spot my son in the crowd wearing this pretty blue case.
Sorry, We don't carry case in pink color
When you buy this blue one shoot me a note your want it in black.
We are sorry to tell you that we can not ship this package to Taiwan due to oversize package.
I believe it is fully arched, my first instrument. The pickup in mounted inside the cello, with the bridge sitting on top. If you look at the photo of the bridge, you will notice a black piece(black heat shrink?) with white writing. That is the pickup.
You may go to Cecilio's website to obtain a copy of the warranty.
its not very hard but don't buy this electric piece of junk
I don't believe so. if you purchase any software from anyone it will be the same. Keep all of your paperwork, activation codes etc and usually any company will allow you to use it on at least 2 computers. I think I have it on 3 at present. This one is pretty tough to learn. I haven't had time or the inclination to invest in learning it.
No it doesn't come with loops and beats, you would need to purchase that in another software package. This software is strictly for producing music and sound engineering. This is an excellent software package for that, but if you are looking for a software product with a ton of samples, search Magix.com
Yes it will, but for your money best spent run Acid Music Studio 10 with an ASIO 2 or 3 ready sound device, unless you already own a copy of Acid 8 :-)
Yes, this software is a very well respected Professional quality for production and editing sound. It works with WAV and MP3 formats (WAV is the best for editing). Just be sure that you purchase the artists original work before you use it to create your work! The software can be very intimidating to people who are not sound engineers, or post production editors. But the tutorial is very good and what it sounds like you want to do is very easy with this software.
64 gb
Yes! I have windows 8 and use it.
Yes, you can render from proprietary .ACD file into .wav. Just hit the render to button
Sounds like your new to the world of DAW...Digital Audio Workstation...This 1 is pretty good for the price, and Sony gives you a choice between some nice sounds in different musical genres for free downloading. But then you can buy them from Sony too. Remember that its meant for a musician in mind. You just don't hit a couple of buttons and out pops a song.... Good luck and I hope I got your question answered.
i don't know anything about "arturia". sorry about that. but you'll be better off with a sound card that has "asio" tech. "asio" tech. doesn't rely on your cpu for the software performance. my acid studio took to it like a hungry dog. i've taken reg. wav. files (songs i recorded years ago", and drag & drop it on a track without a problem. had to burn cd's on the slowest speed, or the program would crash / lock up. its also tempermental with "midi files" and recording them. now, its only $18 so its not a bank breaker. you shouldn't have to get a 2nd mortgage on your home. i have creative sound blaster x-fi platinuim sound card / system. it was a real cool deal about 8 years ago and still is capable of doing a high-end job. you might look in that direction for doing music / computer / studio quality projects. i just invested a small fortune in "avid protools" and a "avid m-box 3". but haven't tried it out yet. i'm trying to get away with what i can on this old computer (os is windows xp with sp3). i don't know how much money your willing to invest or how much you already have invested, so if you can afford better software and have a pc that can handle it, my advice is "you get what you pay for".
Yes
40"
It fits an open back really well, but I think it could work for a resonator banjo too. Might be a tight squeeze, though, depending on the size of the resonator.
My banjo is 13 inch fits perfect. This is a soft case. The outside seams measure 14 inches. You could possibly squeeze it in. It would not be a perfect fit. It is a nice case though.
Yes. I bought it for my 7th grader and he hasn't had any issues. He also likes that he can carry this case like a back pack.
No the pocket is not big enough to store the mute. I am actually not very satisfied with this product any more because we've only had the case for three months and the zipper already broke.
21" long, 9.25" wide, 7" thick, thickest part with pocket
It is a hard case but very light weight My son loves it, especially the backpack straps
No, there is not enough space for a mute.
No, you want something heavier than that. You want something more like http://www.amazon.com/Hipshot-Two-String-Retainer-Black/dp/B00829S2TM or http://www.amazon.com/Hipshot-Three-String-Retainer-Black/dp/B00829S24W
Yes, they are better than the roller guides!!
Yes. They help the strings flex, especially if you use a tremelo bar.
I prefer pairs because it makes it nice if you want to use for mono check or for stereo "crappy real world" comparison. it's also nice if you're in a spot where you wanna edit a little louder than normal but can't neccesarily use bass heavy speakers. plus for the price you really can't complain.
6 1/2 w x 8 d x 6 1/2 h in inches
The ones I have are good volume wise. I usually turn the knob so that its half way up. Really don't need to turn it up any more than that. I ALSO have it set up so that my duet is set to the mono position whenever I use them.
just one speaker
Hi Timothy. Well...if you're using one of these as a mixing studio monitor one thing you could try is: in your DAW, on your master channel, insert a simple plug-in that has a "mono"-izing switch. In Logic Pro 9 the gain plugin has a mono button. In FL studio you could use stereo shaper OR turn the "stereo spread" knob anti-clock-wise to mono the signal. I'm sure there are other ways of doing that in other DAWs. OR, you could buy a monitor controller that has a Dedicated "mono" button. OR you could what I do: I have a mackie mixer that all my inputs AND outputs from my computer are routed to. So in my mixing board, the outputs of my computer run into channels x and y. on both of those i set my AUX 4 out (which is wired as mono on my board) to Unity gain. Then i connected my C50A to the AUX 4 out. Now, any time i need to check my mix in mono, i just turn down my main control room monitors, and turn up my AUX4 send master knob, and boom - i hear my mix in mono. On my board there is also a "Mono Mix" output, but it's volume control is at the back of the mixer, so the AUX knob is easier for me to grab. So there is both a software and one type of hardware solution. I Hope that info is helpful. Good luck!
I was a bit confused when ordering these myself but I eventually figured out that you only get one. From what I understand, some people only use one of these(usually in mono setting) for an honest representation of your mix. Lets you hear possible 'errors' like how things are sitting in the mix. I personally purchased two of them although using one is plenty. Its just for a secondary reference along side your main monitors.
I'm thinking it would, altho that's not exactly what it's designed for. Usually placed between the mixer and mains amplifier. Between the mic receiver and the mixer would theoretically work methinks. If the mics are not to be used on stands, you'd have to test them in various positions around the stage which will create different frequencies of feedback. Anti-feedback devices are little more than EQs with very narrow band filtration. I'm guessing your success with this will vary significantly from venue to venue. Good luck!
Yes, they are removable, just two screws holding them in place. But removing the tabs also removes approx 2.5" of the front side panels, leaving the innards exposed at the front sides. It's easy to find a small metal plate at a hardware or electrical supply store to cover that gap. Or, for a perfect fit, you could instead remove the rack mount pieces, put them in a bench vice, cut or torch the tabs off of them, and screw the remainders (the side-panel-bits) back onto the component. Voila, no tabs. I believe this advice applies to all Behringer units of this general slim, rackmount style from this era, e.g., 1124, 1024, etc. I believe many of these units use the same rackmounts.
It will work with any system as long as you are using an unpowered/passive signal. The Feedback destroyer only accepts Line or Instrument level inputs, and needs to be run before the power amp.
I don't think so.
might have to use a few cable adapters. or i suggest wireless mics,use between mic and k unit. but should work. al depends on how extravagant your k unit is. a plus is keep speakers and monitors far from mic. if your like my band some like to put one foot on a monitor play and sing in this case unhook any horns in monitors.
No in fact I would recommend that you have really good eq first. All this does is captures crazy frequencies and blocks them. If you have bad eq,bthen it will begin to grab good frequencies too... and I had to reposition it after the eq
Jason I like your approach and believe it will work very well as you describe. I agree the last thing one wants is to mess up the other music or instruments signals. Remember to first do what you can avoid microphone feedback. This unit can mess up you voice signal as well. We like our FBQ1000 and use it on every gig.
I agree with Thomas. Anti-feedback and EQs are line-level devices and definitely don't deliver phantom power. Typically, you'd use this device between a mixer and an amp such as a front-of-house amp or monitor amp. You could use this, I guess, as an insert to a channel on the mixer, but that would be a pretty unusual hookup. You can download the manual from Behringer (http://www.behringer.com/assets/FBQ1000_P0A3R_M_EN.pdf) which shows typical hookups.
Probably not. Also, the way a V would sit in the base, I don't think it would be able to lean towards the neck supports. I have an Explorer and it doesn't really fit in the stand either, so I keep it on separate a neck-hanging stand.
Gig bag yes hard shell case I don't think so
No not that I've been able to. Id honestly go with another choice. This stand is pretty awful. Very wobbly
Likely, yes. I'm not familiar with the size of the body, but the spacing of the tubes is such that I've fit acoustics, electrics, basses, and my brother's banjo (which I'm guessing is about as rounded as the the viola bass would be) on it with no trouble.
No, it could possibly hold a child's guitar but a uke is way too small.
I knew how to do it without instructions, the best is to reengineer it based on the picture.
If you are asking "What are the dimensions of the shipped package?", I cannot be exact but I can get pretty close. Assembled Dimensions: 34.5"L x 16.5"W x 31"H. The un-assembled longest piece is 34.5" which means the box was about 36" long and I don't believe it was anymore than 18" wide and 5" high which would make room for packing.
It would probably touch the floor but it will hold it. The bottom isn't really that far off the ground.
If you have guitars for show then you may want to place them in glass cases. Otherwise guitars that are played will show some wear. The rack is great and makes my guitars accessible. If you do not plan on playing them, I would suggest using the case they came with (or one you purchased seperately to store them). Just play them and as always have fun my friend!
No. You definitely won't be happy with the result. It's designed to be a floor stand. P
Hi, Yes, the units we are selling we are selling are factory sealed. All cables that are supposed to be there are included because it is a factory sealed box with full manufacturer's warranty. If you have any other questions, please don't hesitate to contact us directly -- toll free at 888.305.5550 My very best wishes, Jennifer Millennium Worldwide
Yes , they support both. I've got them and use them in germany with 230V
Hi, The item consists of two rack mountable units - the controller plus the CD tray - both units come together in one sealed factory box. If you have any other questions, please don't hesitate to let me know. My very best wishes, Jennifer Millennium Worldwide
Yes.
You need speakers or headphones.
Yes, it works with windows 8. It is written in the official site of ZOOM.
Yes, there are two XLR inputs. The built in mic isn't bad either.
comes with usb wall charger. can also charge from any usb port with included cable
Make sure it isn't write protected then all you have to do is pop it in.
yes, has normal audio input, and you can recor two tracks linked and mastered as stereo wav.
i never try on the battery as it come with a ac adapter.
yes and no. this machine is kind of hard to work with whenever there is any type of transferring involved. if you can play the tracks one at a time while this records it, then yes, since you will have the same tracks, just moved into the other recording system (think multitrack re-recording). I've tried that before and it works perfectly fine as long as (1) you can perfectly sync the start times of all of the tracks as you re-record them (that should be as easy as hitting play on one and record on the other simultaneously), and (2) you don't accidentally add a lot of hum or noise to the tracks by re-recording them. you may not notice the noise when you try just one track, but with eight tracks, that means that any noise entering the tracks between the two recorders will be multiplied by 8. so, in short, yes you can transfer tracks from the old unit to the new one as long as you make sure that all of the tracks start at the same time, you don't accidentally add loads of noise, and you aren't in a hurry ('cause it's going to take a little while to transfer all those tracks over). does that help?
Only two analog inputs, can play 8 track simultaneous. You can control your DAW software through USB bus.
I personally find it more comfortable on a solid surface but it would fit ok on a bed for entertainment. Proper posture and hand position wouldn't be reinforced in that regard but if just for entertainment I am certain that it would work fine.
yes
yes it does come off, and actually a little easier than I like. It's just anchored by a couple of tabs that fit in 2 slots and it's plastic so it could be a little sturdier. Hope this helps. Otherwise, it's a great keyboard for the money
It does, although it's a bit short so loose leaf papers don't stand easily (bend over the edge backwards). I just stick a book behind it and then put the loose leaf paper. Hope this helps!
Yes
No. The keys are plain black and white. What I did when I was buying this was to get some stickers to label the keys because I bought this for my 10 year old daughter so that she could use for practise. The stickers are sold separately on Amazon.
sorry. the only thing i would do would be to write or call the company.....sure they could help you.
Yes
Just plug it in and you're ready to go!
It is about 1 foot wide ,six inches are the keys,and six inches are the controls etc...it is 2 1/2 feet long...and 3 inches thick
I presume they just mean that the case has a place to store the bow. I think just about any cello case would have storage for 2 bows.
There is a possibility that the slight variations of a full sized cello might not fit, but I doubt that the slight variations would affect it enough to not fit. I was worried about that myself when I bought the case for my full-sized cello, but there's still plenty of fitting space inside of it. I'm sure everything will turn out to be fine :-)
Yes, they are not very steady but it works! We are happy with our purchase.
This case is meant for a full size 4/4 cello.
My standard 4/4 violin bows (29") fits perfectly. Maybe something at the tip end has been accidentally stuffed or blocking your bow from fitting. If your bow is much longer than 29" it will not fit.
No, it does not have a shoulder strap. What it has is two straps like a backpack, and it can be carried that way, with the wider end of the case on the bottom. I like the case - it is reallly very light - and when I have other things to carry I do carry it with the straps. There is some problem in the winter, when I am wearing a heavy coat.
I don't know the actual weight but it is very light. A couple of pounds at most.
Yes. Provided it is the same shape and length as a 4/4 acoustic violin. thanks. Castle Music
If it folds, yes.
Yes.
Yes you can.
it has one aux feed it also has one mon feed which is similar as a aux rca sub out plus stereo out and usb hope this will help
Sure you could have this mixer between any a/v source and an audio system...
I think so, it does task the 10 mic inputs completely...as far as XLR inputs are concerned. I wouldn't have any hesitation to use it with wireless mics. There are only 4 inputs with compression...if your wireless mics have separate compression, effects, etc, then great. I enjoy working with mine, but I don't fully task it as you might. The rule of thumb is to buy more inputs than you think you'll need...because at some point your needs might change....just sayin'. I'm very happy with my Mackie. You might go a step up...to the 22? I think that's the next step. That way you'll have extra inputs. But in the end it's your choice.
I run this unit via USB into a Dell i7 tower...using Audacity as my recording program. I've been totally satisfied...I have about 14 microphones and portable recording equipment in Zoon h4 and h1 recorders...then I run it to a Teac amp with older Canton Shelf speakers...and two larger Sony speakers....also I have a 500 watt per channel stereo 8 ohm amp with 8 ohm Peavey speakers for live sound....but most of the work I do with the ProFX16 is studio work. I'm not a great expert or engineer...but I've had no troubles with my Mackie. Inputs include a synth...a reversable Numark turntable that can also be USB if I want...etc. etc. The Mackie has more flexibility than I need...but it's nice to have phantom power for mics, graphic equalizer, low cuts, compressor channels...just everything...and I added a headphone splitter attached via Command strips to the back of the Mackie when I need more headsets for recording...each with their own volume control...etc.etc. Again, more capability than I need.
We have 4 monitors at church but to be honest I'm not sure how we run them.
Hello, no just 2 channels of the Master out streams through the USB port, Thanks 8thstreet Music
Hello, Yes on all Channels, Thanks - 8thstreet Music...
No, it does not come with a rack mount. Nick
It would probably be overkill for a podcast, unless you're hosting a 5-piece band as part of your show. This mixer is really for full-band live performance. If you're looking for something to mix voice and some other sounds your best bet would be something with many fewer channels.
I did not see any but it has too mic plugins, a usb port to record, a cd tray and screen for words, you must have a cd with the words,, unless you know the words, im still working on how too use myself
You need to get CD+G or CD+graphics karaoke discs.
You can attach it to a TV and view the words as well...
It has a USB and an SD port.
Yes
Yes the button that says key/echo can change the key. You select your song first then push that button once and when key comes up you have to push either the plus or minus buttons to go up or down in key.
cant tell you for sure as i havent been able to even down load music to play on machine
Sorry I can't answer your question. Our machine arrived a few days before Christmas and turned on but there was no sound output to speaker, microphones, etc. returned it the next day.
wired
You have to provide your own cable.
I have a soft gig bag
It's an acoustic guitar. It's days acoustic-electric because you can plug it in to an amp, but it's an acoustic. It's very common, you see it all the time at concerts.
sorry but I purchased the guitar as a present. so I don't have it to measure.
Yes you can play without batteries. Best fender guitar at low price
It's isn't small but it isn't big, I believe it's average, we'll at least for a men that's 6,5.
Javier, I had mine sent to Afghanistan with no issues. Cheers
the guitar in a box with a cable don't recall if it came with a 9 volt battery
Good evening! I payed about 780,00 BsF. It in $ is 123 $.
No, this guitar was designed and built for steel strings only.
All of our instruments are inspected and set up upon arrival to our distribution center and again prior to shipping. The bridge is very important in transmitting the sound of your violin. It serves as the conduit between the strings and the body of the instrument. Many players prefer to have their bridges "customized" by violin luthiers in order to draw out an even better tone from their instrument.
China - its an great violin too.
The only bad thing is the case that the violin came with it, has fallen apart. The straps on the back came off while my child was walking. We sewed the straps back on. We had to glue the handle back on and get the zipper fixed. The case is not well made. Had to buy a new case. Too many repairs.The violin sounds ok. It's a good starter violin.
31 long x 4.5 high x 10 at the widest part.
Yes, there is a wooden stick between the top and back that is just below the bridge.
Yes, only the bridge is separated.
Yes. And with a tuner so you will be all set.
yes
Yes, it is high quality. It has a sweet sound.
Place the violin case horizontally on a table/floor. To unlock the case, insert and turn the key so the keyholes are parallel to the case (keyholes are horizontal). Once the holes are parallel, push the button on the lock downward towards the table/floor. The case will not open if you push the button inward, towards the case. To lock the case, with the key, turn the keyholes perpendicular to the case (keyholes are vertical).
It is made in China.
It is a concert ukulele. I also had a hard time figuring it out. My musical experts pronounced it a Concert Uke as soon as they saw it. It will need better quality strings & also you will need to purchase an amplifier if you want to electronically increase the volume for groups or fun or performing. It does not come w/ an amp - but has the capability to be acoustic or electric. I really like this uke !
Mine came installed. Id send it back.
1.) You need a cable AND an amplifier. ...l had to live & learn. Little Honeytone amp is what l got but l am silly not serious (it said you could clip it to your belt = no, we are not that nerdy.) See what Amazon or Guitar Center have. 2.) You can use a nice piece of trim from the fabric store as a strap. A serious strap is overkill for this cute little Les Paul. EVERYONE loves mine / everyone wants to play it. So l share. Fun !
It was in a very well constructed box. I can't speak as to how it would hold up in an international shipment, as I ordered it in the US, but as I recall it was packaged very well.
Yes, it definitely can. In fact, it is louder than my acoustic ukuleles when played without an amp. It has a different tone than regular acoustic ukuleles but it sounds great in it's own way. Hope that helps. :)
I own this Uke. They only come in one size and that is concert. Tell your dealer to count the frets. It will have more than 12 frets making it a concert and this Uke is too small and not enough frets to make this a tenor. I own several soprano, concert, tenor and baraton Ukulele.
It's concert sized, but it's not that much bigger than a soprano. I can see how it would be classified as a soprano.
Many people change them immediately and use Aquila. Read some of the reviews.
I do not play, I got this as a gift for my nephew and I did buy him new strings, but I am not certain what kind they were, I will contact him and find out. It sounds great.
Comes with a basic soft, black case (not padded at all) that has one pocket on the front. Pocket has velcro flap to keep it closed.
They are full size keys.
As has been said, the action does not represent a real piano. But as far as price for quality, it comes closer than others I've tried.
Yes, but it's not the small jack ones. I have an old style pair of headphones with the larger plug that i use.
Hi. The 10 are Grand Piano 1, Grand Piano 2, Electronic Piano 1, Electronic Piano 2, Pipe Organ 1. Pipe Organ 2, Strings, Vibraphone, Harpsichord 1, Harpsichord 2. The second voices are mostly brighter. Two Voices can be played together so the range of "tones" is extensive. All the voices sound great when listened to on headphones or ext. amp and speakers. The internal speakers are the "weak link" in the sound quality produced.
No, I ordered the Yamaha PA130 120 Volt Keyboard AC Power Adaptor (currently about $12).
Yes, there is a MIDI input and output on the back.
Just the keyboard and music holder. You need to add to your order: the wall power supply, stand, and perhaps a sustain pedal.
No. They are not.
Battery power or AC adaptor The NP11 can be used with an AC adaptor [PA-130 (see #336005) not included] or alkaline batteries (not included) for up to 6-hours and more. Battery-power is the key to the Piaggero's portability
Most stands will do.
it's the Cecilio CVN-300 4/4 Full Size Violin Set, Black model
I honestly dont know. It was big enough that my two kids ages 5 and 3 could play in it.
Yes
It was in excellent shape when I bought it. It sounds good to me (as a parent) and I find that it is staying in tune now better than when we first bought it. So I would recommend it as a beginner violin.
I don't know but the 61% discount has been there for a while, I've had mine for over a year and when I found out about the violin on YouTube the video was posted about a year before I found it, I don't know if there is a true answer but I think it will be there for a while.
It it smaller than a "regular" guitar, at first I thought I had ordered a regular size version guitar, I just wanted acoustic with nylon strings and it being a Fender is a Plus. When I recieved it I love the size, it's alot smaller than you think but sitting it is so easy to play and for a child it is the perfect learning size. but I'm an adult and love the size. Honestly, I did not know they can in this smaller size.. I love it!!
No. On classical guitars, the first 3 strings are nylon and strings 4,5, & 6 are wound. I have been told that wound classical guitar strings are fine silver wire wound around silk, but I have not researched this. The wound strings on this guitar are much lighter (and easier to play) than regular (acoustic) guitar strings, which are all metal (usually steel). I believe the only time you will find all nylon strings will be on a toy guitar, which this guitar is not. Hope this helps.
Yes
1 3/4". I just measured mine.
Definitely does not weigh 27 pounds! I own it. It's probably 2.7 lbs
no, not if your windows and doors are all closed. however if theres anyone or anything asleep in the house, they wont be for long. :P
nope just the main item
I don't think I'll be much help. Got it for my husband to annoy me with, lol. We are not really a musical family. I did pull it out of the box though and I couldn't find anything on the box or the didgeridoo about it being tuned to any specific key. I'd think that with it being a natural sound made by the curvature of the instrument and a cheaper version at that... it probably hasn't been tuned for any specific key.
Hi Kenny. Ground lift can sometimes be used to reduce or eliminate 60Hz hum, caused by ground loops. Ground loop can occur when you have multiple pieces of equipment connected to different power sources. Most of the time you'll want this off (not lifted) unless you are experiencing hum. Coax is for connecting similarly equipped digital equipment (only). It's best used to sync multiple audio interfaces. If you don't know what you need it for, you probably don't. Hope this helps! :) ~ Heather
I never use it with my condenser microphones going directly into the QuadCapture (I mike into a pre-amp first) but I just tried it with one of my condenser microphones and it seemed to work fine. I don't have a "CAD" condenser microphone but I don't see why it wouldn't work.
I don't use Pro Tools but the quality is outstanding. Really the only gripe I do have is that the headphone volume uses the same knob as the monitor volume. Having said that I have no regrets about this purchase. Check the Pro Tools site for compatability and if all is well then go for it. You can always return this unit if you have buyers remorse. As for playing metal it retains the harmonics of distorted guitars quite well.
Latest drivers can be found online and installed easily. They are stable on windows 7 as well. The sound is clear, but the input cables and signal needs to be clean. Any microphone can be used.
If the pedal you're plugging the mic into outputs with phantom power then phantom power on the Quad Capture will be required; however, the output of the pedal your using should contain an XLR or TRS jack which you would simply plug directly into the quad capture. If your pedal does not provide these type of outputs then the only option you'd have is SPDIF.
Yes
First you have to connect this to a laptop, because it is powered by a USB2.0/3.0. There is a application that goes with it, you can configure input/ouput channels from that application installed on the laptop. And you can set the output level from the knob on it (zoom in on the picture, it is on the upper right corner of the panel). Hope this helps.
nothing powers the monitor output. It is basically a line output. You need a set of self powered monitors or amp to power your speakers. Headphone is powered and is strong enough to power typical hifi headphone.
The short answer is no. However, it does have an orange 3/4 coaxial input and output. If your amplifier has an S/PDIF output, then you should use that to connect to the coaxial input (which would give you high resolution audio). Otherwise, you will need to get an analog (RCA) to digital (coaxial) converter/adapter. It is important to note if the aux output is mono or dual, because the converter or adapter must correspond to this. These range in price from $2-40, with the adapters being the cheapest and easiest to use.
The Roland Quad Capture Audio Interface comes bundled with Cakewalk SONAR X1 LE. Detailed information may be found here: http://www.cakewalk.com/Products/SONARLE/feature.aspx/About-SONAR-LE
You can feel the vibration and hear the sound, for me there is usually a following improvement in inflamation of area where tuning fork touches.
I don't have any but perhaps this link can help you: http://www.thebookof528.com/TheBookOf528/Home_files/The_Book_of_528_e-Edition_Sample.pdf
Yes, the sound hurts some pets hearing. I strike away from then apply end for just a bit-mostly use on me near them and watch to see if they can handle sound. Hope that helps
It reads 528 HZ which is the frequency of sound it vibrates at. On one side it says 528 HZ DNA REPAIR on the other side it says MEDIVIBE TECHNOLOGY. If you want to know WHY do a search on 528 HZ
No, it does not come with a base.
About 8"
it is a 'tuning fork' but it is not tuned to the frequency of 440Hz which we hear as an 'A'-it is tuned to 528Hz instead
Hi Robert, Without getting too technical, the impedance is a measure of how electricity behaves (or is restricted/resisted in a signal path) with regards to speakers and amps. In this SA-210 @ 4&#937;, we have two 8&#937; speakers wired together in parallel, creating the overall 4&#937; load for the cabinet or enclosure. I have taken a look at the Hartke HA2500 and based on their specifications I can only assume that the 250W @ 4&#937; they have listed is a Peak measurement. This would put the Hartke Model 2500 at about 125W RMS @ 4&#937; (I am speculating here since this measurement is not listed). Being that the SA-210 is rated at 400W RMS @ 4&#937;, you will be underpowering this cabinet. The tendency when underpowering is to boost the signal, which in turn could cause you to clip, and eventually "blow" the speakers. The ideal rating for the amp to push the SA-210 would be 600W RMS @ 4&#937;, or 1.5 times the RMS value of the speaker. Having said all that, you can use the Hartke to power the SA-210, but you must be careful not to clip your signal. Let us know if you have any questions. Thanks, Rusty
Hi, you could but it will sound muddy because there is no tweeter or horn in it. It is meant for a bass guitar. Thanks
Hi, We have a Landslide Powered mixer that would work for you.
Hi Kam, Thanks for your continued interest in Seismic Audio! Any combination of our mixer/power amps will work for this. They can be found here: http://www.seismicaudiospeakers.com/Amplifiers-s/221.htm Considering this is a bass guitar cabinet, you won't get the same result as if you ran your audio through a full range speaker with some subs. That would be the ideal setup for a DJ type application. Let me know if your have any questions. Thanks, Rusty
I checked mine with a multimeter and got a 3.6, which is a typical reading for a 4 ohm load. So yes, it really is a 4 ohm cab.
Hey B! It has audio in, mike in, sustain/assignable jack (maybe for a pedal I guess), headphone jack, usb, sd card slot and line out L and R plugs. I use the line out to connect to my digital recorder to lay tracks. I think that's the place where you'd plug in your amp. L can be for mono and both would be stereo. I hope that answeres your question.
i think you can but i've never tried it!
I do not use mine for a midi controller, but according to the Casio website it is a midi controller for Windows, Mac and iPad. "Casio continues the tradition of providing "class compliant" USB connectivity on Workstation Keyboards. This allows Casio Workstation Keyboards to be used with Mac or Windows computers without the need to download drivers. Class Compliant USB MIDI also allows Workstation Keyboards to be used as a controller for the Apple iPad by using Apple's Camera Connection Kit. "
I can ship this to you via USPS. Call me at 850 243 2514 to manually order the item.
No iPod needed. It just plugs into the wall and you're good to go. My kids love it! (Ages 4 & 6)
No it does not.
Does not come with screen.
Yes, it is really silent. I use it in an apartment building and my neighbors don't complain!
Mine was simply the keyboard, not a package, so I have no idea.
It works well with 110. I never used it with 240V.
I use a q-tip and some warm water with a little dish soap and a squeeze of lemon.
No
After making a tireless search for the legendary transpose button, I am distraught to say no such button or switch or key was found.
Product Dimensions: 9.6 x 8.8 x 25.2 inches
Yes, use the L/Mono/phone jack in place of your amplifier for full stereo headphone sound capability. Or if your amp has a headphone jack on the front or rear panel simply use that one for your headphones which is what I do. Most newer model amps are made with headphone output jacks but if you happen to have say an older tube type Fender amp which sounds great, they won't have one so your only choice is to unplug the amp and attach your headphones in its place. Hope this helps.
Not all units come with 2.0, but all units are upgradable via software edit & share from zoom
Yes the G3x can get the update too, it is a big difference, the effects are the same but it has the new ability to chain 6 effects in any order instead of just 3.it also incorporates some new amp models. Be careful, follow the instructions and never disconect the usb until finished, enjoy...!
No, you can only scroll up with one and down with the other & do looping and layering.
Its metal. Trust me. It should mention this is the specs also.
I too live in an apartment I can get away with an amp during the day as long as I don't get to crazy with the volume. I'm pretty sure you can hook a set of head phones directly to it although I've never used it that way. I know you can plug it into a PC/Mac because I use it with garage band and a pair of headphones on my Mac all the time and it works perfectly. Unless they have started including the updated software out of the box a PC/Mac and Internet connection is a must for this unit as you can update the firmware on the unit to allow you to use more effects at once which I did before I used it. I love this pedal it is built like a tank I think it would still work if I threw it down a flight of stairs, it has a ton of usable effects some people have complained it sounds to "digital" but for the $120 I paid for it I couldn't be happier one boss distortion pedal would be almost $100 and all but a handful of people wouldn't be able to tell the distortion or whatever effect was being made by a multi effect pedal as opposed to a dedicated pedal, and the fact that it feels like a real stomp box to use is awesome. Sorry I guess I answered more then your original question but I love this pedal and recommend buying it.
The g3 has a lot of different drum rythums as far as a good drum machine no it's not a good drum machine for keeping the tempo to play with it works fine but that's about it or is easy to use thuogh
A power adapter comes with the unit the chord isn't the longest though so you need an extension chord or to be fairly close to an outlet, I love this pedal tons of cool sounds,easy to use, would probably still work if you ran it over with a tractor trailer it's built solid, and it feels like a real stomp box to use. It will also power with a USB cable hooked into a MAC/PC which is how I power it most of the time and run it through garage band as noise at night when I have time to sit and play is an issue where I live. Sorry I guess I answered more than your question but I can't say enough good things about this pedal I went to guitar center and tried a bunch of different pedals before I bought this one, and for the sound quality, number of effects, build quality, and price I don't think you can beat this one, if I regret anything about this pedal its that I didn't get the one with the expression pedal, as I've gotten better at playing that is a feature I now wish I had access too.
Good question, but I haven't use the G1N, that I can recall. I have use analog, and digital effects and a combination of those for years. The G3 has enabled to retire those things. In fact with a little Crate Power block, I can basically leave my amp at home or the recording studio. I now have a powerful combo, easy to carry and sounds great a little quieter with all the options I had before and only have to use two patch cords.
You have to install the edit and share software first it was kind of a pain in the ass I use Mac OSX which is usually trouble free for installations I'm pretty sure the process would be similar on a windows install if you are using windows. Install the software before you hook up the G3 up to your computer Once you install the software plug the G3 into your computer, I think you can download the firmware update from the edit and share software if not from the Zoom website, I don't remember 100% what I had to do to get the firmware update but it was one of those two ways. Back up the original patches there is a PDF or some kind of document that will walk you through this whole process of backing everything up and the firmware update, that came with the edit and share install, backing the patches up is very important if there is an issue with the update you can lose all the patches and if you change stuff on the patches and want the original settings back you can just drag and drop them back and forth, also there are websites with patches you can download and you have to swap out original ones with new ones if you run out of room on the G3, I found some pretty cool stuff online. Once you get the stuff backed up you can update the firmware, I had issues with OSX recognizing the G3, even though the computer wouldn't recognize the G3 on the drop down menu in the installer program. After about an hour of YouTube videos and frustration I just did the update and it worked, probably not the best idea but it did work. Good luck, hope this helps.
Yes, there's a "Bright" button and a "Dim" button at the top of the control.
With out counting them.. 'cause their rolled up inside my awning on my camper.. there are 3 LED's, every 4". I think this is 16', so, if you take 16' divided by 4" that makes 48 sections of 4", X 3 LED's per section... that should equal 144 LEDs... if that serves correctly. Hope this helps.
I mounted them to the camper not the awning. Ran 1.5inches below where the awning was attached to the camper. The lights have an adhesive strip and silicon mounts (buy aluminum 1/4' screws not what comes with it the light as they will rust). Then I to for good measure put a bead of clear silicon around the edges. 2 years and we get other campers stopping by.
Absolutely! The illumination level can be reduced in all colors or white light with the IR remote. This is a really nice system.
I believe you can connect two end to end, but you cannot connect 3 or more end to end. I explored this question myself, though I did not do this, and it seems like once you use more than 2 strips (of 5 meters each) it would drawn too much power for the thin wires and things would melt. If I did this myself, I would first test it and see how hot the strips seemed to be getting before I would trust installing it. I would also not recommend doing this without some validation, since I am by no means an expert and would not want to be responsible for any mishaps.
You can find a link to a Youtube tutorial on the remote here, it looks like you will have to cut and paste the link...http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AXjKZ15-qTM
The strip fits nicely in rope light channel in the awning.
I'm not sure. Call LEDwholesalers they might be able to get you a different power adapter. They were very helpful when I had questions.
Yes, I bought two kits installed them both and use one remote to operate both. The IR sensor is small and near the control unit so make sure they are placed in an area where the remote can see both.
Yup. They'll turn on in the same mode you left them too.
You can connect anything that has 1/4" plugs, RCA plugs and XLR plugs. So if your mics and speakers have those kinds of cables, you can connect them to the mixer. If not, you can also find adapters. For example you may need a 3.5mm to 1/4" adapter, or a 1/4" adapter to XLR. Whatever combination you may need is probably findable on Amazon.
no you don't. this mixer is a standalon product with no computer connectivity and it has no software that goes with it.
Hello, It appears that this can be used with 240V. However, since I use 120V, I cannot confirm this. You may consider checking with Behringer.
Yes you can run phantom for all the mics you hit one switch and it powers all four XLR inputs
The control room, channel 3&4, and auxiliary sends are all 1/4 outputs
I'm not the seller, sorry. I'd suggest looking up some installation guides because it can be a little tricky I had to buy a powered USB hub when I got mine.
thr mixer did not work
U can use your headphone just have to hook the head phone's to your computer head phone jack.
Yes it comes with the MixCross LE software
Yes.
yes it is USB powered
it comes with its own software
The name of the company is GLI they have been in business for years
Yes you can do it thru the RCA connection
Yes it can. I bought this a couple of months ago, it was horrible & cheaply made. Buy at your own risk
The guitar comes with nylon strings and it arrives is a box. The guitar itself is wrapped, inside the box, in a light synthetic material, and then again in an outer light plastic wrap to protect the finish of the body. The strings are also wrapped in a long paper cover which runs nearly the length of the neck. I was quite satisfied with the shipping materials used to protect the guitar in transit.
Nylon strings.
If you look at the face of the guitar its in the lower right side rounded corner.
Hello! I got Valencia CL-160 couple of months ago. Honestly, I'd rather pay two times more and get a cheaper version of Cordoba or Yamaha. (I have Yamaha 3/4 and it sounds brilliant).The guitar is rough and sound like a piece of wood. Strings are too high and you can't adjust them because there is no key hole. Electronic part is very cheap - the sound is awful. As usual: you're getting what you payed. Sorry for such a negative comment!
iPB-Nexus. It is the "editor" that allows you to communicate with the iPB-10. There are long standing issues regarding the stability of the Nexus software, Digitech support for the product, and it's ability to survive frequent apple updates. You should check user forums, such as thegearpage before you buy.
The IPB-10 has a 30 Pin connector.
I'm playing my bass on it, and since I don't have my amp here with me, I'm connecting the iPB-10 to the home theater. My answer to your question is: YES! And it works perfectly with me.
What iPod? It works with an iPad (1st, 2nd, and 3rd generations). And no, it doesn't include an iPad.
Yes but you have to get the apple lightning adapter and it won't quite rest snug in the dock. That's how I use mine though, and it's still worth it.
Friend IPad 4 and possible iPad 3 I don't know if digitech will set up customized accessories to suppor iPad Air and mini!
No since iPad Air doesn't have the old 30-pin plug. Some might advice you to buy a 30-pin to lightning adapter, but i'm not sure if it could fit in the iPB-10 iPad cradle. Hope my answer was clear.
After purchasing the bundle, you will receive an email that contains both the activation numbers and the link that will guide you to the download site. I received this email about a day or two after I purchased the bundle and is very self explanatory. Check your spam box before you contact the company if you don't see the email after a few days. Note: when you go through the Amazon checkout to purchase the bundle, the checkout will act like you are still receiving the item through the mail. It even asks about postage. But don't worry, it will be sent via Email, even if the checkout says differently. I hope this helps. :-)
You want to get a daw . Like protocols or logic pro
Hello Yes all the most recent versions, Thanks from 8thstreet Music
Yes, this saxophone is Japanese Maria. Thanks.
Yes. Yamaha is a Japanese company
Yes, it does and a very nice one at that.
Just about 38 inches.
I received a sheet with a photo chart of the guitar that labels the entire fret board scale and 15 complementary basic chords to learn from. Within the package also includes free online lessons, tutorials, and free downloads added each week.
Its on the bottom right hand contoured corner of the body.
No. Also most guitars have a model number stamped on the neck and this one does not. so you cannot sale at a pawn shop or anything like that. but a pretty good beginner guitar.
Yes I experienced feedback from the amp. Its not as bad as it was. It was horrible at first. Try stepping away from the amp to give some space between the amp and the guitar. I also notice that I would get a lot of feedback when my amp was too close to other electronic devices. I like to practice with Rocksmith 2014 on my xbox then go to the amp. Now I practice with the amp away from my other systems and the walls as much as possible. Good Luck!!!
mine has the black knobs so it might depend on what they send you
When I first bought the guitar, I found the strings too high and a bit too thick. I had the strings replaced and the height lowered, it's now much easier to play. :)
the neck is very light.
There are 150 from several genres. Pop, sing along, religious, country. They are songs that were popular over the years, but not current.
If it has component plugs in the back of it You will need a better set of speakers to get some volume
It won't cause it has the red white and yellow audio/video cords that plug into a old school receiver. The mic sound is that of a bad child's toy.
bestbuy
not sure, I only used this once and it doesn't work. It's crappy!!!!!!!!!!!
Poor quality
Only if you have the red/yellow/white jack outlets that come on TVs. DVD players etc.
The mic didn't work at all..we just replaced it and cd work nicely..
The app that it works with is only for apple. Even on my iPad I could never make it work correctly. What type of application are you planning on using it for? I may be able to point you in another direction depending on what your desired result may be.
It seems pretty proprietary, requiring an app to work, so my guess is no.
The sound from the microphone is somewhat medium to low PHONE-QUALITY, so you know what to expect. I have not tried to pair with a Mac Book Pro, but paired with Windows and also an Android phone. The USB (micro) serves ONLY for CHARGING. Don't expect to use it as a USB microphone. Also, the range of the microphone (in my testing) was reliable to about 15 feet from my laptop. As they say, your mileage may vary. Battery life is unknown as I have only used for brief conversations under 15 minutes.
Hi Jim. Don't see why not. It works fine with both iPad and phone. While the quality is a limitless less than expected the working distance and connection range are very useful.
No. It's proprietary. Can't recommend it
No
If you know how to root your device to connect to more than one blue tooth device at the same time, then yes you can. If not, then no.
As long as you do the recording part, separately, then add in the music. The bluetooth microphone requires an app running, you record via it, then save to your camera roll.
Sounds a little scratchy, with crackle.
Hi Kevin, to answer your question - Yes it performs great, you get to use your headphones and play other music in your HP while a track is playing in the speakers. I currently use it and it works like a champ.
I'm not an audiophile but I don't notice any difference if I plug in my mp3 player straight to the speakers (via the amplifier of course) or if I use the Griffin cable. I'm still able to listen to both left and right channel of the speakers. There is no volume loss and I can turn my amplifier to the left channel or right channel and sound comes out invididually. Hope this helps.
Not sure, I use mine on a Toshiba running Virtual Dj.
Yes u can but they are specifically made to split the audio with head phones
If you are using the Numark Pro hardware, I do not think you will even need this cable. The Griffin DJ cable comes in handy when it is just the iPhone or iPad being used. The Numark Pro would already have all of the outs needed to connect to your speaker system, and a place for your headphones for cueing songs.
I'm not familiar with the traktor pro 2 app but l I think this cable is specifically for the Djay app from Algorridim. It works nicely with the djay app as you can cue the next song on the headphone and keep the output to the speakers.
I use it for the iPad 2 for a Dj app
I have been using it with my iPhone DJ of course iphone plays only one channel. What that stuff does is to split your audio of one deck to your headset and the other to the speaker out during mixing. On my ms7 through the Mac. It plays left and right audio on one and headset on the other. That stuff is only for dj. You don't have to buy it if you are not using it for DJ.
It should if not you can always send it back.
I believe not, but if the program has an option to "Split audio output" then I might think so.
Yes. Great guitar by the way. Dollar for dollar, the best in my collection!
3/4 size. easy to play. excellent sound I recommend it highly for beginner or expert. a fine instrument.
No, it does not.
You could, but this guitar is not intended for that purpose. The tuners are made for the smaller diameter steel strings, and the bridge does not have a tie block that is required. Also, the string spacing is too narrow. Find a good purpose-built nylon string guitar, such as the Yamaha NTX700 instead.
The Alvarez Artist AP70 is steel string.
No it does not
Steel strings.
It has some quirks and its not the highest quality (you get what you pay for), but I'd say for a beginner its not that bad. Or at least it can be a placeholder till you can afford a higher quality instrument. Also it comes with plenty of things to help a beginner (stand, tuner, extra strings, rosin) so I'd say that is also a plus.
The instrument and the accessories do not weigh 150 lbs. i would say arond 15-20, and i would say it is because of the packaging. The case is sturdy and lightweight. You can carry it like a backpack. I think this is a good instrument.
Don't know great for a beginner won't stay in tune no matter what we do the hard case is worth the cost of everything very awesome quality case the cello is of poor quality but can't expect much better at price point but it sounds pingey. Not my word my son is first year Tacoma Youth Symphony sound as been an issue don't want to spend more until I am sure he's going to stick with it like I said the quality of the hard case is worth 500 by it self and have been offered that.Will buy a better cello of Craigslist or Offer up decent cello around 500 good luck hope it helps
NO - the paint chips and strings snaps - it cost more to repair it then the cost to buy it
Hi. After conferring with my son, the cello player, he approximates the weight of cello and hard case to be no more than 30 pounds. The weight of the case will depend greatly on what you put in this case....in addition to the cello. Bow, rosin, tuner, extra strings, and music will add weight to this case. This case should have wheels, which makes it quite easy to move around. Good luck! Hope you enjoy your new cello!
It came shipped in two large cardboard boxes about 6 feet tall and 2 1/2 feet wide weighing about 20-25 lbs
I think it is real wood (possibly laminate). It seems to be the same type of material that most cellos are made out of of. I would encourage you to send a note to the company selling these to get an official answer. Hope this helps.
To start with your last question first: only one package and it does come with both cases. The bridge is off so if you do not know how to string and tune it then take it to a professional
Its not comparable to a $1500 instrument but it does the job. My daughter is at the end of her HS freshman year and she's had ut for 2 years and it's fine. She practices on it daily but uses a school instrument whil at school.
My wife bought this and was/is very happy with her cello. I looked all over the web and only found it distributed in the U.S. No country of origin. Many stores my wife went to said China. I can't verify it though.
Yes, the hard case has wheels. My daughter ends up pushing it instead of pulling it for more control.
Yes they are
Yes it does.
I'm not a drummer, I host a jam session, and provide a drum set for sit-ins. One of my drummer buddies is a Zildjian endorser. He suggested the A's, saying they're less likely to break, and they're a little cheaper than the K set.
Thats correct. 14 inch A custom hats, 16 inch crash, 18 inch crash, and the ride. I personaly use the ride as another crash or crash ride and have a K custom ride with rivets as my main ride.
We only ship to the US and her protectorates. Sorry Bruno.
The free shipping is for domestic USA only. I don't know if there are any taxes or duties in Italy. If so, they would be your responsibility. Shipping to Italy would be around $200.
More thin ! The brightness is strong and the 18' crash makes a lot of noise.
Es la referencia, no es que sean 11 platillos. ;) http://www.amazon.com/Zildjian-A20579-11-Cymbal-Set/dp/B0057PK2TC/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1388677116&sr=8-1&keywords=Zildjian+A20579-11
it has a IEC cable on it. just looked and on the back panel it says 115-230V 50/60hz. so if you have a IEC with the correct plug for your country you should be all good. mine shipped with a US IEC plug. a plug adapter alone should work.
110 volts
About 16 1/2 inches.
No
It DOES fit a standard rack but the stupid rack adaptor things have the screw holes drilled slightly out of line with the holes on rack rail. 30 seconds with a metal file fixed the problem
No just a push button reset
I believe that is 3 feet long
17 inches wide
Yes...the brackets are not mounted when this unit is shipped...they attach to the sides with two screws. I believe the 'U' in this model is for the usb port. This model is very good...I'm quite happy with it.
2.0
Blue Yeti will screw in without an adapter where the shock mount is screwed in. That means the shock mount that comes with this becomes a knickknack. Blue Yeti does not fit in the shock mount. With that said it seems to not need the shock mount but that depends on what is on the table you have this secured. If you have motors like a hard drive or computer or so on the hum may make its way up the arm and be heard in the mic. But that is going to be true what ever table you place the Blue Yeti regardless of having it on an arm. Then this comes with a XLR connector and cable fished inside the arms metal so that is its not removable. So that becomes unused and dangles. So you will need to secure it with tape or a tie. Bottom line, yes, but two features, the XLR cable and connector plus the shock mount are not needed. Finally this arm is stiff particularly the swivel at the base. So the image of the radio talk show host freely moving the arm around is out the window. It moves but with the idea it will stay in place or within a small range once you do. You can move it but it resists and sometimes can require care to to force against the resistance especially in the swivel, less so in the retraction. The resistance in the retraction is good because you do not want it to sag due to weight. So it seems to hold this mic without sagging.
I measured and they're 20" each. From the product description: "Each arm measures 20 inches in length and can be extended up to 42 inches in length as you prefer."
no, it's wired through the frame. youd have to run a raw wire through then add an xlr...
I am not familiar with that microphone, I looked at online and it appears to have it's own stand, and I don't know it would work. Sorry I don't have an answer for you
I used it with MXL-990, w/o problems; dont know about the Samson Meteor. My best guess is it all comes down to the mic holder.
I have a Rode NT1A mounted on it which weights .7lbs. It holds it up without a problem. If you are using a shotgun mic you will need to buy a different shockmount, but it will hold it without a problem.
The shoulder rest goes on the back of the violin. The sides of the shoulder rest should pull straight out. Then tighten them back to fit the violin. Hope this helps
With the rest on the underside of the violin, stretch the two prongs outward until they wedge the violin between them. It's a tight fit, with the two covered prongs on either side of the violin, it squeezes the violin almost.
It does not come with a blanket.
I bought it for my 6 yr old grandson and it is a little by. It would likely be better for ages 10 and up.
When you hold a violin your left hand should be able to reach the end of the finger board with a slight bend in the elbow. Or if you can't hold a violin to judge the fit and order online, like I did, 4/4 or full is normally for adults and as the sizes go down..2/4, 3/4, etc then they are for younger ages. Hope that helps a little
No, it's a soft case.
Yes just sprayed fake.
The bridge on mine came attached.
i would suggest for younger kids
I have this foot pedal....it must be a USB-3.....fast forward....play....rewind.....I'm not sure what a USB-2 is. It works excellent. I would rate this highly.
Yes it works with both Mac and pc
Yes that is exactly what I am currently using it for. I had the same problem, when all of a sudden my old foot pedal just DID NOT WORK?
Hi Linda, I'm not entirely sure. I've played around with the Preferences (Rewind: 1500 Step (ms) / 100 Speed (%) / 500 to (%)). Then I just "tap" the rewind pedal versus stepping on it for a period of seconds. That seems to rewind it a little bit - enough for me to catch the last few words. I hope this has helped.
The AltoEdge pedal carries a 90 day manufacturer warranty.
You will need rack ears to rack mount and batteries last a good while! Range is about 150 feet! It was one of my favorite mics
No , each set is program with only 2 mic with same frequency, if you want to add they sell 4mic set
2 batt AA
There more for structure than for adjustment. Not a great way to adjust the string height, change it at the nut or bridge for this guitar.
It comes with normal tension clear nylon trebles not sure of the brand but pretty good strings
No, it's a full sized box, but on the good side, it has full sized tone as well. Amazing value, easily the best inexpensive guitar I've ever owned, and I"m really picky.
It comes ready to play. All I had to do was tune it. As an owner of 5 guitars this guitar in my opinion is as good as or better than my considerably more expensive Yamaha.
It holds it very well. I have 5 classical guitars and this one plays as confortably and easily as any. It does not sound as sweet as my yamaha or cordoba but I love to play it. For the money you can't beat it.
Orange
Package I received had untuned, wrapped strings
Plays very nice amplified. Never played it at extreme levels though.
Yep.
Sorry, I don't understand your question.
It has a small microphone port and a potentiometer for adjustment. The setup work extremely well. I have installed two of these and they work flawlessly.
there is only one remote, so only one control option. it just had two outs so you can run more strips, but they would do the exact same thing as the other one.
No.it just hears.i love mine..been a year
In-line ... like an 1/8" stereo headphone jack.
About 3 feet. Pretty short.
The microphone already looks like a pen, so why would I want to modify it? Seriously, most people that I run into think its a pen.
Yes
No to a Mackbook Pro 13" You need an adapter.
Yes.
More than likely. I would say yes because I haven't found anything it doesn't work on. -Tubbs Media Productions www.TubbsMedia.com
The Sony ECMCS3 clip on requires phantom power.
Any of the GoPro cameras that have a "Skeleton" back door, permitting you to attach a separate mic like this one, also let you plug the camera into AC power. Since this mic doesn't accept batteries and draws power from the camera, that's going to be your best bet to keep the mic voltage up and steady: power the whole camera via AC power or a lithium inverter pack, while you're using the lavalier mic. (Or, as Mike Curl said, just get a battery-powered lavalier like an Audio Technica: those are good little mics too. Always have a spare battery on hand though!)
I have the same microphone and used my iphone4 to record and only got the recording through the onboard mic. The lapel is great but I think it is set up for use with recorders. I use it with the ZoomH1 but you could use a cheaper recorder http://www.amazon.com/Olympus-V404130BU000-VN-7200-Digital-Recorder/dp/B005756GYM/ref=sr_1_6?s=electronics&ie=UTF8&qid=1400082788&sr=1-6&keywords=mp3+recorder
This is the K1 frequency if purchased from Moore Brothers Music. I cannot guarantee that from other sellers. By the way, we do have other frequencies available as well so let us know what your needs are if other than K1.
HI, If the audio you want to send to the two different receivers is the same, then you would use two of the same receiver with one transmitter. If you want different program to go to each receiver, then you would need two different complete systems. The transmitters and receivers are factory set to ONE frequency There are four different bands available for this 900 series. I hope this answers your question.
Yes, the receivers receive the same signal. You need individual transmitters for each band member.
No, everyone receives the same stereo mix.
The Galaxy AS-900-4 does not come with any cables. It has 1/4" and XLR inputs not RCA and it is not designed to be used with a Amplifier. Please let me know me know what equipment you want to use the Galaxy AS-900-4 with and I can have a Tech from Galaxy help you. Thank you Kim at The Recording Store
We have 4 with ours but if I'm not mistaken, you can add as many as you'd like. They're just on one receiver.
Yes. It is an additional $119.99.
Hello David you shouldnt be worried about interference i use it all time without isues, including big four singer bands and they are all happy.
3 of my our body packs went dead ....
No it will not. You will have to buy a Sennheiser to match you receiver
It is a made of Fender Mexico and is a passive system.
Mexico
Case is not included, but we do sell them. We also have gig bags available. Thank you.
Yes, this include an AC Adaptor and the headphones
No .
The keys are semi-weighted. Feels very good to play, they are also pressure sensitive as well.
Yes you can connect to an Ipad or pc. You must have the camera attachment to connect to an Ipad 1st generation. I am not an expert on later versions.
Yes.
It does NOT come with a stand but is a great keyboard
The screen is about 5 1/2 inches by 3 1/2 inches. The screen is not back lit, and is monochromatic, but I still find it easy to see. Unless you are trying to play in the dark, that shouldn't be a problem.
no it does not
Yes, this keyboard comes with a power adapter. I've actually never used it with batteries. In fact, I had to check just now to see that it will use 6 AA batteries, which I have never installed.
MIDI is the way the keyboard can talk to a computer. The keyboard does not have a standard MIDI plug, but instead uses a USB port to connect to the computer with the same functionality. It is better and cheaper and only really an issue if you are wanting to plug the keyboard into something very old. Then you'd need a USB to MIDI cord.....
USB Type-B connector
I am not sure how the keys felt on Yamaha psr. And yes, these look like the keys on a piano.
no
Yes they are :)
Yes it comes with a 100-240V, 50-60Hz US pronged plug-pack.
I don't know, because I have never had a reason to: I chose this because it does have touch sensitivity. It also has a volume knob, so you can control the general volume level. Some setting are less "touch sensitive" than others. For example, the organ setting shows very little sensitivity compared to the piano setting. Hope that helps.
There are 17 different scales: Equal Temperament Pure Major Pure Minor Pythagorean Kirnberger 3 Werckmeister Mean-Tone Rast Bayati Hijaz Saba Dashti Chahargah Segah Gurjari Todi Chandrakauns Charukeshi 7 of the scales have Arabic origins.
Sorry, I can't answer this question, because I don't have an iPhone.
Go to http://support.casio.com/manualfile.php?rgn=2&cid=008011145. Click on appendix and download. This should have come with your keyboard.
No, it did not come with the x stand or headphones. You also will need an adapter (costs about $2) to use standard headphones with the keyboard.
Yes, you can. The Wk-225 comes with quite a few preloaded organ voices. In addition, with Casio's data manager program (available for free on the Casio website), you can connect your keyboard to your computer via USB and add and delete voices, songs and rhythms as you wish. For a fuller listing of the WK-225's features, I suggest you download the PDF of the user manual. Simply Google "manual for Casio WK-225" and it should be the first link.
The keys are touch-sensitive, so the harder you strike them, the louder it will play the note. However I don't believe the keys are weighted
The whites are 14 cm, blacks are 9 cm, same length as most pianos I've played on. If they are slightly shorter than a traditional upright, it's not noticeable when playing.
Since the keys aren't weighted, it doesn't feel like most pianos I have played on, though it requires the same amount of pressure.
Yes, ours came with both. The music rest is removable for easy storage. We have been very happy.
Not at all, in my opinion. I've had it for about two years and it still works like it did the first day. Personally, I don't think it's worth buying an incredibly similar but expensive keyboard just because it's newer.
Any 1/4" headphones. You can get an adaptor from 1/8" to 1/4" and it'll work fine.
I'm sorry, I can't answer that. This was a gift for my son and I'm not sure if he has ever tried to use a pedal.
Yes, in the Casio LK165 user's guide, it tells how to turn key-lighting on and off. I hope this helps. Have a great day!
No, the Casio LK165 does not come with a USB cord. I hope this helped.
Be happy to.......Width=37" Depth (keyboard to rear end) = 12" Height = 4" (At rear high point)
"One Year Manufacturer Warranty. Covers Manufacturer Defects Only. Any physical damage to product is not covered under Warranty." http://www.casio.com/support/techsupport/74103127-E763-4EAF-9E9F-1A7D76E44661
Yes they do. On the preprogrammed songs that come on the top of the keyboard. You can choose the speed and part you want to play.
Yes! It's the larger jack, so you will need an adapter if it's the smaller phone headphones.
hundred or more.......
Is this a touch sensitive keyboard? ...........NO !!! not sensitive ! . http://www.casio.com/products/Digital_Pianos_%26_Keyboards/Lighted_Keys/LK-165/content/Technical_Specs/ . http://www.shopcasio.com/product/lighted-keys-lk165-61key-lighted-musical-keyboard
Yes it is. It may not look like it, but a power cord that connects to the wall is included. It is short though, I recommend using an extension cord with it.
Yes, it does.
Mine did not
20
No
It is humbucker.The humbucker pickup is literally two single coils, wrapped together out of phase.
This is not a Jazz bass, it's a P-Bass body with humbuckers for the pickups. Thank you.
mexico
Hello, this is made in Mexico, Thanks from 8thstreet Music
The Oscar Schmidt OE20G has a maple neck and a rosewood fretboard.
Thin, lots of room to move!
Yes. You need the usb cable, of course, but this guitar would be excellent for use with the RockSmith software. In general, it's a very nice instrument, excellent action, tone, and sound quality.
They control the volume and the tone for each pickup. The pickups are what detect the sound.
Wyatt, You do not have to put the guitar together, but you will have to set it up i.e. string height, action, pickup height, intonation and pitch (which should take you no more than 20 min.) and depending on your playing preference you may want a different type or gauge of strings. This is a beautiful guitar; I have received many compliments on mine. The gold is metal flake and the sides and back are deep burgundy (like wine) with abalone inserts on the rosewood fretboard.
hi matt , it must be glued on. I must tell you I really like this guitar . if I had to sell all my guitars this is the one I would keep.
http://www.amazon.com/Kaces-Hardshell-Dreadnought-Acoustic-Guitar/dp/B000LY0APK/ref=sr_1_1?s=musical-instruments&ie=UTF8&qid=1417809084&sr=1-1&keywords=Kaces+Black+Hardshell+Wood+Acoustic+Guitar+Case%2C+KH-828%2C+Black This is a link to the guitar case that you would need for this guitar.
We are a seller on Amazon, our products ship from us. I don't know why it's not letting you ship to Canada as we ship there all the time. You can try contacting Amazon and asking them.
No amp chord but does have battery for tuner .Also make sure you unplug amp cord from guitar when not using guitar or it will kill your battery
It should turn on and tune accurately and regulate the volume, bass to the amp, etc. Amazon has a 30 day return guarantee. I would also try another battery and then contact Amazon which also has something like an A to Z guarantee. My guitar came with a lifetime limited warranty small packet which covers quite a bit. It sounds like others were missing this packet too. Did your guitar look like it had been used? I hope things work out ok. A new guitar should be almost perfect!
No
If you're refering to the face, its solid, the neck and head are 1 piece, the back and sides are pieced. The body is connected to neck as 2 individual pieces. Hope that's not to confusing.
My Oscar Schmidt OD312CE weighs 5 pounds and 11 ounces. The 17 pounds listed is shipping weight. My guitar did not come with any accessories, but it's worth buying at well more than what I paid on Amazon. Excellent guitar! Great sound and no extra setup was necessary. The action is fantastic.
Hi, The tuners are generic un-branded, and they are enclosed.
No
China
I believe mine was just the guitar and gig bag.
You really just push the little handle by the compartment and pull on it. I assume you don't have long nails, because that would be the only way to pull it.
steel
It is right-handed.
Yes
It is an acoustic guitar and does not have a port or any pickups and hence cannot be amplified electrically. You can however add a microphone to the guitar body if you like. That apart if the people gathered are quiet. They should be able to hear no problems. You might consider a larger bodied metallic strings acoustic guitar though, if you just want to strum along with songs. :) Hope this helps.
No!
Yeah
Hello, yes internal Bracing upgrades, sounds and plays better.. 8thstreet Music
No. You'll have to buy an amp separate.
I got the blue one and it does look mostly black with some blue, the picture shows more color than there actually is...it is very pretty though
No, it's got a built in tremolo-good piece of equipment.
Yes. We bought one that works great for $45 at a music store after we received the guitar. I believe the seller has a "package" that has both the amp and the guitar as well though.
i have just received this equipment and there are 8 lavaliers and 8 headsets. The headsets work the best not so ood with the lavaliers.
Don't see why not. If you have the adapter that reduces the 1/4" jack to a normal input jack.
We use 2 sets simultaneously without issue, however you do have to make sure say 4 and 5 aren't powerful people. and don't place speakers too close to where actors are, as this can cause interference. I find them much better than shures. We do use them for out door performances though, so not sure about inside.
This will not work for you. It is for 8 people who are speaking. some sort of in ear monitor system would probably do what you need.
I have used it from approximately 90ft away without issue. You should be fine from 50 or 60ft.
The Pyle pro setup is a more stationary system. If you need something that will work on a mobile platform feeding into a video camera this is not what you need.
They take 2 double A
9V
It's a normal plug but they screw in instead of push in
No
No
No you don't
i believe these mics come soldered with pins 1&3 together, which makes it unbalance. To make it a balance signal you will have to unsolder pins 1&3 Which can be done fairly easy.
Yes, the PDMIC78 is an unbalanced mic. Bob H. explains how to disassemble it enough to modify it for balanced use in this video: https://youtu.be/P3iCVqZfZBY . Note you will need a balanced XLR cable for tha added RF resistance.
Yes. It is great for drums, guitars, keyboards, wind instruments (i.e. sax, trumpet, trombone, etc...), and even vocals for some voices. The Pyle Pro PDMIC78 has much the same response as the SHURE SM57 which it is a copy of, however, the Pyle copy is a little brighter sounding in the highs and is a little more sensitive to "handling noise" than the Shure but otherwise they sound alike. Good choice for home recording studio use but not so much for live stage use.
There are several applications where it can be used with a casino keyboard, but I don't know how you would like to do so, so I can't answer the question completely.
It's a common problem with these, the solder job isn't the best on these. Once you resolder these they're pretty reliable. I don't ever complain about this cause its a sub $20 mic. A few fixes on these and they aren't that bad
Yes. I've never personally mic's snares with it (SM57's, yes) but it would work fine.
No. This is a dynamic microphone.
It is a dynamic microphone. No phantom power needed.
110 my friend wonderful set up works great for a church.
Yes, but the outputs on this Pyle unit are XLR male (balanced) or 1/4 " jack. So you will need either a XLR(f) to 3.5mm jack cable, or a 1/4" to 3.5mm adapter, in order to connect to the 3.5mm mic input of your computer. As the Pyle can have up to 8 wireless devices on it making it more prone to instability, I would definitely go for the XLR balanced option
This system only uses on channel of your system. Which can limit what you want to do. This system is really good for multiple speakers, but not best if you want o use it for any musical setting.
This works on vhf frequencies so it will not interfere with your uhf microphones. If you have vhf microphones odds are there will be a mic or two where the frequencies clash. I have used this unit in two install situations. Never has a clash with UHF. Your building location may have a natural frequency source that causes a clash. My church moved, the new location has a source on one these frequencies. The unit performs surprisingly well and has no more frequency issues than vhf more expensive brands in my experience. That said, please do not expect to get the performance of 8 shure beta 87s with 1200 selcetable frequencies. If you've got a good clean sound system with good clean power and users with even a little bit of respect for the gear you'll be very pleased. I've used the 8 hand unit at my church for the past few years and have had children crack a couple. About the same breakage from abuse as the expensive brands. Caveat, I purchased this unit after using the 8 hand held version. Then my dayjob picked up and so I can speak confidently on the freqencies used and the handhelds. As a horn player and soundman I think the lavs look simply pretty well made. Still in storage until I get to gig again. Purchased for my gospel band to have horn clip on mics and vocal mics in a super quick set up.
It's cheap garbage. Invest in something of good quality...
Yes. the higher the MAHs the better That's like the voltage or something like that
Yes I used all 4 antennas I always use my equipment to it's best. I tried relocating the receiver, changing batteries, replacing two of the antennas.
These units go through and amp before hitting the speakers.
Only thing that connects to the pack are the hands free Mics. The hand held Mics use a 9v (as all the packs do) and is completely wireless. We use these for church and they're descent. Hands free Mics awesome, but work for what we need.
I don't think so because the system already comes with preset Mics and all the channels are occupied by the 4 Mics and other 4 lavaliers/headsets receivers. ....
I use this product with windows 8 and I don't have any problems
I have a desktop it's better but a laptop is fine as longest it has good memory
Yes
I will assume you are referring to an acoustic guitar. If you do not have a built in pickup or audio jack (quarter inch TR connector), then you will need to purchase a guitar pickup. The guitar pickup will allow you to plug a TR (Tip Ring) cable, or "guitar cable" from the pickup to the jack labeled "instrument" on the Audiobox device.
Not really an answer to your question, but I have been using windows 7 and it works perfectly w/ Reaper.
Yes it does but you have to make sure you set it up correctly. I'd post tutorials here but Amazon won't let me. You can find the online.
It's around 6"x 2" x 7", and its probably around 1-3lbs at the most. Those dimensions are probably too big. This thing can fit almost anywhere if you need it to fit smaller spaces
It states "crafted in Indonesia" but other plaques / labels state Sun Valley CA. So maybe combination? I will state that once this delivered my husband's mouth dropped as he was so impressed as this is for my son but he felt this was in some ways of higher quality than several he had. Was a big hit and I received 5 stars for picking it out at such a great price!
Yeah
I contacted schecter guitars complaining that there was no clear way to determine which case to buy for my Damien Special. I just went to the website at this address, and it's listed under the SGR-1C..Here...http://www.schecterguitars.com/international/products/Guitar-Cases.aspx
Absolutely not. The inlay is mother of pearl fused with a permanent epoxy inside the rosewood carvings. If you do not mind my asking, It is beautiful , and intricate , A real asset to the design, and personality Of this guitar.
Active emg pickups
Tune-o-matic
Came with Ernie Ball super slinky strings and battery... Had it for 2yrs now and it's an awesome guitar!
Mine has no gap,You might exchange it or if everything else is good with it,Straight neck etc. I would not worry about a small gap.
no. sorry i don't have one.
The question is not "does it djent," but rather "do you djent?"
No it doesn't.
Yes, It has a line in (universal), I use ipoh, cellphones, etc.
Yes, my daughter uses
I know of no app. Plug and play.
No just the cord for the mic and the cord to plug in to the wall.
No
No it doesn't.
probably not it isn't very powerful
My daughter said they did so both kids could use it at the same time
Was given as a gift. Do not think it has batteries.
Indonesia. My guitar tech was impressed by the build quality.
Passive Duncan
no, but its put together perfectly, so you would never know it. This gtr is amazing, super light, and the '59 is such an amazing pickup - you wont ever regret this buy. I got mine for $323 - wait for the sale price to lower, although you may want to grab it as there were very few left. It was an exclusive deal and there were only 2-3 left last year when i grabbed mine.
I don't know I just play it, there's not much info on the web but you can look for the C1 Classic to find out, is almost the same guitar with a slight differences http://www.schecterguitars.com/international/guitars/c-1-classic-detail
This does not come with a case or gig bag. I found the one designed for this model at Sweetwater music, I believe. Schecter discontinued the specific case and replaced it with a universal case.
Good question! I just took the batteries out of my H2n, and connected a standard 5v charger to the USB port and YES, it ran normally in this mode. It did ask me to set the date/time, and I expect it would do this every time I plugged it in.
Comes with SD card, fome wind cover, table top stand. Microphone adapter for microphone stands, batteries, USB cable, AV cables.
Yes, absolutely.
Yes its very convenient the button sits right under the thumb so its very easy to hit record on those unexpected moments
I think you would want to run multiple mics through an external mixer. The H4n might be better suited to your needs. The H2n is a great little mic by the way. I use it both for location sound and narration.
Since video and audio cover the same event, the only problem in timing should be synchronizing them. I haven't needed to do that yet; but I think most video editors allow you to add sound tracks and synchronize them. Once you have a visual event that matches the beginning or end of an audio event - like somebody starting to talk - you can line them up, and then the whole files will be synchronized.
Yes you just have to slate it or equivalent so you can sinc it up properly with the camcorder.
During playback (or in playback mode) you can press MENU to access both SPEED and KEY CONTROL. If SPEED is set to something besides 100%, or if KEY CONTROL is set to something besides "0" then your pitch will be off. I don't know if there is some other process that messes with pitch, but that's the first place to look.
The H4n has 4-track mode, and XLR inputs, X-Y mics. The H2n records in stereo or quad (no 4-track mode), and lacks those inputs. If you have an H6, you can purchase the Mid-Side mic and have that functionality (which is really nice, BTW). Do you need to have two devices? You could just sell your H4n, and only use the H6 which seems like a pretty versatile beast. I will say that I like the H2n because it records into the front/back rather than into the top.
Not a hundred percent sure what the question is, but the screen does display the file number and folder of the current recording. Hope that helps.
NO.
No
No, It adds the voice to the audio of your dvd or cd player if you have that input to the tv. Any disk you put in will work there just won't be words shown. We use it with a smart TV and then you can connect it to the audio out from the tv and use it with pandora etc and then connect the mic to a reciever.
Not too long. It is about 5 feet.
Yes this is what we have its universal will have to plug into DVD
Yes we have LG that we bought in September and that's where we first hooked it up to..
Not that I've noticed, so I judge by the food products the guests throw at me.
Yes, in the front.
Yes, it does. Because I had a microphone already that I really like, I haven't used the one that came with it.
There are small, somewhat inadequate speakers that are built into the unit. The sound is not bad but not great either. This little machine is strictly for a small party at home or for the kids. If you connect it to the TV, some of the sound comes through the TV speakers. The screen is so small it's best to use it with the TV.
Not that I know of.
I believe you have to plug it in. I don't see any place where batteries can be put in. I always plug it in.
No
Not pre-loaded with songs. You need karaoke CDs, but it came with one karaoke disk.
This system uses CDs.
I think it is possible with an adaptor.
One microphone is included and it supports a second for duets as well. Additional microphones are sold by amazon here http://www.amazon.com/Electrohome-EAKARMIC-Professional-Dynamic-Microphone/dp/B005CRF0WE/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8
One year parts and labor. Which is real good as most others only do 90 days on these type electronics. For the price this is a very good machine. The company is solid as well. They stand behind their products.
No it doesn't
Yes it does - I just did it myself to be sure! :)
You'll need to buy karaoke CDs and possibly a second microphone if you want two people to be able to sing at once.
The Electrohome has standard RCA connectors. One can output to audio or video using them. You would connect your iPad to a TV, or stereo any other audio or video player, or just use it alone as another audio source with the YouTube. The Karaoke unit only outputs to other sources by using RCA cables. You could use the iPad to view lyrics if the size of the connector RCA video cable is the same diameter, and allows for the standard RCA connector, and the iPad viewing screen also allows for an external video input, which the Electrohome Karaoke would be. Then you could use your iPad as a video screen for the CD lyrics.
They show on the tv, you must buy the karaoke cd's though.
No, but you can get an adapter to convert the 1/4" to 3.5" for just a few dollars.
My granddaughter says "YES" as she uses her Ipad with it. But the cord does not come with the unit that attaches IPAD to the Machine.
Yes, it says.... as an alternative to listening to the audio through your TV you can listen through your home stereo system. Hopefully that helps you out.
I used mine to hold my ukulele, and it works fine. The hooks can be turned so that they will fit all sizes of instruments.
I just measured it for you. It's an inch and a quarter at the widest part
for the anchors that came with mine, 7/32" for dry, wall 1/4" for cinder block or concrete. The anchors are real cheap ones. If you have a problem with them, just get some better ones at at Home depot or Lowes, these should have drill bit size listed on package. the anchors should go in snuggly and flush to wall. You may need to tap them in lightly with hammer. (emphasis on "lightly")
I should think so! The arms of the holder are adjustable and will fit most sizes and shapes. I have several different guitars on these hangers, including a newer-model Stratocaster. Haven't had any problems and they've been up for several months. They seem really sturdy.
I don't have an instrument with a neck that wide, but just from measuring (2.25 inches without pressing hard into the foam) and looking where my 5-string acoustic bass settles, i think it should fit without too much fuss. I have an extra hanger that i gave the arms a quick tug apart and it measured about 2.5 inches. I hung it up and it held the bass up no problem, no wobble or cracks from the adjustment.
No but I have them for a 6 string, a dobro, two ukuleles and a banjo. It conforms to the headstock so it shouldn't be a problem.
Depends on if you are using drywall screws or drilling directly into a stud. But even with the drywall screws the holes in my wall are less than 3/8" diameter each.
I have this hanger used to hang a fender telecaster. I do not know what the head stock of the guitar mentioned looks like, but a telecaster has almost no lip on one side of the head. It works fine.
Free shipping to the 48 states only. What is you state?
They are manufactured in China.
Yes its perfect for a 5th grade. I brought it for my son who is in 5th grade.
I got it for a beginner and she is doing fine with it
You can go to a music store that sells instruments and they will fix it for you
The main distributer States : Handcrafted overseas.
As far as I'm aware, unless you purchased the extra "protection" for it, it doesn't have a warranty. That's the problem with cheap instruments like this--they break after 6 months or less, and a real repair shop won't work on them because the metals are too soft. Anything you can do to it will likely break it more. Trust me when I say you're better off making an investment in a real instrument. You'll end up spending more repairing this one than you paid for it in the first place.
Yes its perfect for a beginner
I was not too please with mine.the tone, rather breathy, one of the keys was sticking, They are the cheapest PBD
I took it to the local music shop and paid $25 to fix it. This is fastest way. The warranty covers it but you need to ship the flute to their corporate office, pay for the shipping both ways and wait 2 weeks. This way you don't pay for actual repair but if you add up shipping fee and wait time....my daughter needed the flute fixed in few days for her music class.
Yes
Yes it does. The case is a soft shell. My daughter music teacher was impress with this instrument.
Yes, it comes with everything pictured.
Don't waste your money. My child's band teacher told me these clarinets are crap. My daughter could barely play one note on this thing. They are made very cheap and tend to break. You're better off going to a music store and buying a quality used clarinet.
I would guess this would be just right for a beginner. My 13 year old daughter does just fine with it. I would suggest going to a local music store to purchase different reeds, however. The reeds that come with it are not great, and sometimes don't work well.
Absolutely... My wife started playing in 6th grade and says it would be perfect.
The material is made out of ABS, and the finish is ebonite look a like.
No the case was soft. I wouldn't reccomend buying it. The keys stick.
No, its not wood but it seems to be good quality and I was impressed with it/ more than I thought I would be. Idk if you'd actually say "plastic" because I'm not really familiar with instruments but it is nice and my son likes it. He's in Jr high. Hope that helps
I do not know. I had to send it back as the mouth piece was too big to fit together. It was for my grandson and I ended up renting for now. It is plastic .... best to check with your band leader.
There's a 1-year manufacturer's warranty against damage due to the company. If it came broken, you can contact KK Music store, and file a claim.
It comes with all of the pieces shown in the picture.
No. The stand was suppose to come with your order, and be stored within the bell.
The storage tray is 1.25" below the edge, and there is a space from the edge to the bottom of cushion of about another 1.25". That should give you a storage area just shy of 2 .5" based on my quick and simple measurements. Had it for over a year and still in great condition after twice weekly use at a minimum.
I assume you mean the gap between the legs and the seat when you adjust the height. No, it leaves an exposed gap.
250 lbs
No, it doesn't lower by itself. You have to manually adjust it where you want it, whether higher or lower.
The box is the size of the bench with the legs off. You will need to screw the legs on. The weight is around 8 pounds. This bench is made from high qualityRerial and workmanship.
The bench should fit as an overhead item on a plane. The shipping box has the legs unassembled, therefore it is the dimensions stated in the Amazon description.
Yes
Hello, Yes, it will. I do use the bag for a 12x9 drum I have, but I just tested it with an old 12x10 Pearl. It fit fine. Also, the bag is wide enough if your tom has some kind of RIMs isolation mount.
They seem to be 5mm thick as measured with a ruler. These are good bags for the money, but if you're looking for something a bit sturdier and more padded, the Gator-GP-STANDARD-100-Drum-Set-Cases are also a great buy for only $119.99.
i think so...the actual bag part is only 6", but the lid adds at least another inch, so you should be fine.
Yes those should fit. The set they are used for is a mapex set of drums and zipped up there's still a bit of room.
I have a 22x18 bass drum and it fits fine. It's snug. Not too tight, not loose at all. There is not a lot of padding at all, so don't expect much. If you're just looking for something to cover them, these are great. If you are going to do heavy gigging, I'd recommend spending more money.
For some reason the drumming world remains in the imperial world so measurements for drums and cymbals are usually in whole inches. Use the diameter for cymbals and drums diameter by height (or vice versa). eg toms 10x8, 12x9, 14x14 etc.
Please do. I didn't and when you blow it, it gives out a fowl odor.
hello aproximate 2-4 weeks
i ship it with usps it take between 10-24 days to arrived
It take between 10-21 days to arrived
I'm fairly certain they measure from tip to tip following the curves.
it take between 7-21 days to arrived i think you will get it on time
No, but when I asked the Seller how I could get rid of the smell he was kind enough to send me one for free.
Its glass
Dimensions: 45"H X 19"W X 5"D (Outside) Weight (net): 18 lbs Interior Dimension: 44"H X 18"W X 4.25"D Distance between the 2 arms of the Hanger: 2 1/8"
The company is located in San Francisco and I believe they are made there. Check out displaygifts.com
They are listed in the description farther down the product page. It states them to be 45 x 19 x 5 inches ; 20 pounds
I just used nails to hang the hooks in the back on.
The lower portion has a hollow of about 1 1/4', the upper seat portion a hollow of about 1 3/4', so one could fit about 3' of books under the seat.
We did have to tighten the screws a few months ago but in general like it very much. It is light, easy to move and comfortable.
Fine tune.
Don't look? : ) Sew a skirt? I don't have a problem with how it looks...
The height mechanism does not have a skirt, per se, but the bench is designed in such a way that, when raised, the height device is sunken inside, so the issue is negligible. In other words, there is no visible metal apparatus that takes away from the good looks of the bench.
I am not sure i understand the question, but I see no visible gap. I love the seat and my piano instructor is impressed with it. Two thumbs up!
My wife is the pianist and she spends a good amount of time on the bench and has never complained that it is uncomfortable or it is not suitable for her practice sessions. I'm sure she would have told me if she was having any problems with the bench. To the contrary, she often comments on what a good bench it is.
The seat has about 2.5 inches of storage space.
Yes, the seat cover opens to a 19.5 x 11.5 x 1.5 inch space. Not huge, but fine for a few books. Also, the lid stays open with one hinge. I don't have to hold it open.
The Ebony Adjustable Artist Piano Bench has a sturdy screw-type continuous-height adjustment, which is achieved by twisting two conveniently-placed external knobs. It does not have the squeeze-lever-click type quick height adjustment to which you refer. My grandkids no longer need to sit on telephone books at their piano. They like theirs so much that I purchased a mahogany-toned one for them to use when they play the piano at my home.
yes, most certainly.
350 lbs
Approximately 21 lbs
I believe it is vinyl
leather
Lowest height from floor is 19.5 inches. The highest is 22 inches.
I did notice an odor. Part of it was from the packaging. Part of it was from the materials the bench was made from. However I went ahead and assembled it and after a couple of days I didn't even notice the smell any longer. It had dissipated. Come to think about it the smell is pretty common from products made in China. If you have a very sensitive nose this may or may not be an issue.
Sorry, Karen, I don't see any notice in or on the bench itself regarding weight restrictions. It is a bench for one adult and it seems to be very sturdy. The original paperwork may have specified, but I don't know where that ended up. It is well made.
No. There is no storage in the bench.
only if each side is a different heights.
No storage, yes I believe its real leather. Its very comfortable and adjusts height so my kid can play
it take between 7-21 dayes to arrived
It is about 2.5 feet by 8 inches
true animal horn
Yes it does
I'm not sure what smart music is, but plain and simple; It's a microphone. I don't understand what issues people have with it. I have used it with the iPhone 4s (with appropriate jack splitter), iPhone 5C (with appropriate jack splitter), computers with 3.5mm mic jack, Tascam DR-05, Tascam DR-40, maybe even somewhere else I can't remember. It's just a microphone and sounds pretty good especially for the price.
The 3X pack comes with 3 microphones, the 50X pack comes with 50 microphones, etc.
It is a standard 3.5mm (mini-phono) connector which the Nikon D3300 uses so it certainly should work. (The plug is a stereo mini-phono though the mic is mono, though this should not present any issue for you.) I have captured some really great interview audio with these inexpensive mics.
Yes. I use this one with my laptop and it works with the mic: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00D6NPH88/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o00_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1
Yes! I tested it in both my voice recorder and on my PC. Mic's don't require any special software. If your computer has a mic jack, it can handle any mic for the size it's made for (most are 3.5).
Yes they do. I use them with my LG and they work fine. You will more than likely need to download an app to capture the audio though. There are a few of them out there and a few that are free. I use RecForge Lite and it works pretty well.
It's not marked anywhere on the package nor is it in the description. At the cheap price they're selling for, why not just buy them and try them out. That's what I did and they worked just fine with my camcorder and DSLR.
It should since its a regular microphone
It's terrible. After only one week it cut out and I lost a long deposition that I was recording. I would not recommend this item.
yes, just run it into the in link although it will be mono it works great. If you need stereo you'll have to plug it into channel one and two, its not as quiet that way. I run a small Mackie mixer through the in link when I play out to have reverb,very quiet that way. If you have a stereo mixer just pan left or right and use that output.
it has input of both channels left and right, but is not true stereo and left and right summed into mono signal, as this is a mono PA system.
According to the owner's manual, it does. From page 6: "1. MIC Inputs: These XLR inputs are designed for low-impedance microphones or equipment that has a Mic-level, balanced output (often called a Direct Out). Note: These inputs receive 15-volt phantom power. This is used to provide power to condenser microphones. Phantom power will not damage any dynamic or non-condenser microphone."
Of course! You kinda gotta have one next to you and have the speakers spread out. I use a little yamaha mg102c mixer and it rocks!
Loud enough for a medium sized room!
This is one unit with one 1/8 inch put jack. If you bought two, you could use the power link to link two units together and control the master volume on the second unit.
Who cares. It sounds great. China is stepping up their game with manufacturing anyway. I don't feel any guilt about buying goods outside the country because our currupt government has forced us to do so.
Price is for one speaker.
It's standard for US, You might have to get a converter.
A mixer board with effects,it also depends on the room,but these speakers are pretty loud for their size though! I'd say 1-2 speakers good for small to medium size room. I love mine!
Flip the crossover switch on the back. It should be in the middle.
Yes very good. .
Both the inputs (2) and outputs (2) are so-called combination ports; they are basically speakon connections that will alternately accept a 1/4" plug into the center of the port. So you can use either 1/4" or speakon or any combination of the two.
I don't claim to be an electrical engineer but I run two of these and my mixer through a 15a power strip with no problems. Thats probably not "code" but most places you play are lucky to find more than 2 outlets for the whole stage. As a side note I run either 2 or 4 -15s in stereo with one and 4 monitors with the second so you can get an idea of the load on the amps.
I go not know how many but i have two this one and work perfecto and have alot of power y did plug this with crossover , i have one Chanel for lows and meds and other for higs i love this and best price, thanks Amazon
The mixer would use standard microphone balanced (XLR) cables to connect. As far as "360" goes, I'm not sure what you're talking about.
definitivamente si, el rendimiento es muy bueno,
If you hook them up to separate channels, your only getting 440watts per size (stereo). If you run it in bridged-mono, and run your two 8ohm speakers in parallel, you create a 4ohm load, which is supposed to pull 3000watts from it. I run two 18" subs with it, and it does pretty awesome. But is it REALLY putting out 3,000watts......? I highly doubt it. Still, a great little amp for the money.
You are supposed to get 3000w at4 ohm mono, I keep it Separate stereo at 8 ohms to keep low distortion but there's only one way to find out if you are OK with mono sometimes is better for certain applications try it and see if you notice the difference in power and if you like the sound you are all set.
I am not sure, I would check their website. Works great though , never an issue.
According to Blue customer support, they're redesigning these shock mounts. They recognize that these don't support the weight of the Yeti or Yeti Pro correctly. I've been told that it'll be four to six months before my broken one will be replaced by a new one. It sucks to have to wait for a new one, but at least het acknowledge that it's broken in its design. I'd hold off on buying this, at least until they retool the design.
When I had one that the screw broke I just called Blue Microphones directly (818-879-5200) and they offered to replace it free of charge. However, I ended up returning the product to Amazon for a replacement because they shipped me one that had a broken screw when it arrived. Again, I would just call Blue and chat with them. They are very friendly folks.
Hello. Yes. The boom is a good way to get the mic overhead and away from the base (and ultimately upside down when you're using it). But on a regular mic stand, without a boom, the mount goes directly on the threads where the microphone clip would normally go. The Blue Radius mount has a swivel and adjuster that is included with it. So you can mount it on a vertical mic stand and adjust the mount to be horizontal. Then the mic can be used right-side-up... or down if you prefer. Lol. The short answer, however, is YES. No problem.
The difference between the Radius and the Radius II is that they made a better screw that tightens and holds it at the desired angle. Apparently on the original Radius this would break or not hold it properly.
This sill attach to any stand or arm that has a standard attachment thread
I don't think there is any other shock mount that fits. The radius works well, but it seems to not stay in place when placed at 90 degrees, as the mic is a heavy weight.
sorry not at this time
5/8 x 27 thread per in. Standard mic stand threads, you can use a reducer if you need to get it down to 3/8
The output from your mixer should go to the mic or line input jack. The link output is to daisy chain to another monitor.
Yes
plywood, pretty heavy
It's got a twelve and a horn driver, the 12" is ported.
You still need to run it off a pa or an amp. I think it does have an effects channel, but I think the effect needs to be external.
They have a class A amp with minimal ventilation, so they will definitely get warm/hot. Class D based monitors with this feature set will add another hundred or so to the price. I've left mine on for ~36 hours (weekends) in my garage a few times now - they definitely heat up but I haven't had any failures. I also gig with this, so overall I'd say they hold up pretty well.
The Behringers have their own power. Best to back off the speakers and drive with the Yamaha's.
Yes. It states so right in the Amazon.com description for this item. Chain as many as you like together vie 1/4" jack or XLR output connector. Reread the entire description slowly and carefully.
Not directly. There is one XLR input for a microphone, and the other inputs are RCA-style, not 1/4" plugs used for instruments or some microphones. Also, phantom power is only provided though the XLR input, so only one non-self powered microphone will work with the mixer.
yes it will..i use this to record my vocals..i would rather have one with a betyer pre-amp but on a budget it gets the job done just fine
Yes it is.
No, but it won't affect a standard dynamic mic in any negative way
Hello Bob, this is not a powered mixer. Although it powers up and can be used for a standard mixer when plugged in the wall socket adapter. It's other way of powering up which is to plug it in to an open USB Connector on your computer. Which then makes it a Audio Interface for recording with Digital Audio Workstation on your computer such as Garage Band or Pro tools ( If your going to use it for an audio mixer. Plug it in the wall with the provided adaptor, then run the outputs into an Amplifier of your choice) Try You Tube for more information on your Audio Interface/ Mixer.
6 feet!
It can handle one at a time, via either the 1/4" mic input, or the RCA input.
Yes. It's a self-contained sound processing unit as well as a multiple-input mixer.
Yes and also an adapter to power the mixer with a conventional wall outlet, making it possible to use the mixer without a computer for power.
yes you can.
The fans in this amp are very quiet. I am using this amp as a pa setup but will also work as a home theater amp also. Keep in mind that you will need at least 3 amp to get to at least 5.1 with a sound processor or running each channel from a 5.1 or above DVD or blu-ray player with each channel running separate into each channel of the amp. So 3 amps equal 6 channels in total. Front right-front left amp 1. Right side- left side amp 2. Center- sub with built in cross over amp 3. I hope this answers your question.
6000 watts in this case is absolute peak at low ohms that I don't think it can really hit. Inflated for marketing purposes. Read the manual to get the RMS rating and it is lower. Audio watts for some reason don't necessarily correspond to the draw from the plug. On the back of the unit on the plug it specifies 650W at 120V 60hz AC. I use it with regular 120V along with other amps and such. No problems.
Yes ,6000 high - 1500 pure base
Comes 110 voltage in the USA you can order 240 voltage
Yes U can but a 120v woks just fine!
Speakon connections are different from xlr I had to get a connection to convert speakon to 1/4 inch, you can get a cord that converts to banana ,, search for speakon to banana on amazon
The behringer uses speakon connection.. has to be speakon to 1/4 .. right cable for to convert to speakers
Yes it can be done . use the main out form your mixes into input procsser or EQ then out to the inuke 6000 . group out or Moniter uot to monitors .
No if amp is wired for 110 then it will not work. You might request the 220 version when ordering.
This is a 4 ohm and 8 ohm load amp. Run in mono you should be able to link from input b into input a on the next amp I believe.
Great question. I power one wedge per side at 8 ohms and they work okay, maybe a bit under powered. Taking them to 4 ohms may be good. I would think the 3000 would be perfect.
2 U
110v only
The amp is great. Never had any issues with it. It will put out 160W per channel at 8 ohms ( I believe Peavey Black Widows are 8 ohms) Depending where you are using the setup, it should be loud enough.
Have you tried moving any of the switches in the back of the amp?
I have the nu3000 with the same load and no problems so far. The fan can get loud at times.
Yes this amp with those speakers is a reasonable match the inuke 3000 will push 800 watts . If you back off the limiter about 1db you'll be at 600 to 700 watts and protect the speaker as well. I run mine on two 225 watt 8 inch speakers crossed with a 50 watt tweeter (450hz and up) for my upper mids and highs and it runs very well. I personally wouldn't expect a lot of low end response from your combination but I push my speakers really hard. With an inuke 6000 on 2 15s each side crossed at 125 to 450 and another inuke 6000 on double 18 each side from 40 to 125. However this will do a football field in a very small speaker footprint. Hope this helps.
You did not mention what you need it for and what speakers you have. For amplifying voice it is more than enough power. If you're a dj and are planning to play music you will need a second nu 3000 connected to a subwoofer. If you have 8 ohm speakers you get sbout 200 watts per channel. For more power you can connect two speakers on each channel making an impedance of 4 ohms.
It would power those no problem. I run 2 400watt 12" with mine and volume notch 2 blasts them things. Anyways those are 1400 peak right? So that's 2800 peak for both sides which should be right where you want to be. The amp is actually 2 1500 watt amps making 3000 total amps.
Probably 440. Typically half. This is a good amp in my experience
110
Don't know right now I am at work but when I go home tonight I can answer
To be safe I would just hook up the 1+ to POS on the sub, and 1- to NEG on the sub. This runs a single channel to the sub providing the claimed 880W to one driver. Depending on your room size, or if you hook up a second driver you may not "need" more power than this for normal listening levels. If you want to do bridge, MAKE SURE YOU PUT A POWER LIMIT ON THE AMP, bridged 1+ to POS and 2+ to NEG. I have not tried this - but per the documentation. This also assumes you have a 4 pole cable with 4 wires. If you only have two wires in your cable, switch the wire from the 1- pin to the 2+ pin on both ends. Again, be sure to limit the power of the amp!!!!!! Start low and turn it up if you feel comfortable. I should add that this then would be plugged into Channel A on the back of the amp.
The amp has a built in crossover that you can set at 100hz, 24dB per octave Linkwitz-Riley or whichever custom filter setup you create which is very useable and useful. If you run dual mono as most people tend to do, then this amp will be adequate to run a pair of subs and a pair of tops. It is rated at 1500 watts per channel at 8 ohms and 3000 watts per channel at 4 ohms. The inboard processing is adequate to provide crossover, limiting, delay and even some basic EQ. I loved this amp and used one for subs and tops and a second one for the monitor PA. Without knowing specs and details of your cabinets I cannot say for certain if this will be the best choice.
Hi, the voltage is 120V
Has .77 volt sensitivity should work with home stereo line inputs. Be careful. Set the limiters. Lots of power you could damage your speakers. I didn't really hear much fan noise on mine unlike what the reveiws mentioned.
Sort of. You need to open it up, add a jumper and move a jumper on the power board. Requires soldering and about an hour of time
Yes
two very different amplifiers, I don't have experience with the crown amplifier. Since the Behringer is a class D amplifier it is definitely more efficient and very light weight being less than half as heavy as the crown amplifier.
No. You can't bridge the two channels together to get 12kw.
I used this two channel (NU6000DSP) amp to power my Seismic Audio mains and subs and they are similar to the Behringer speakers you mentioned. The four channel version (NU4-6000) would also be a good choice to power your speakers. I would opt for the DSP version of the NU4 if you choose to get that. Either amp will work fine.
Hi Lane, This amp is a real machine. It run low/quiet and you can use ipod straight in. I used it with an ipad straight in and the sound quality is superb. Hope this helps.
Yes run amp in stereo mode. Come out of main board through a crossover. Hi end from crossover will go to input on one side of amp. the out of that side of amp (R or L) to speaker. then daisy chain speaker ( input into 1 speak then output from same speak to input of other speaker. Repeat the same for the low end from crossover to input of other side of amp. that amp should have plenty of power for those speakers. Good luck
The one that comes with the piano is very basic or good for nothing but since this is geared for the novice or apprentice i.e.: small children or youth they will figure it out without the help of any manual, on the opposite, it will be more exciting as they discover on their own the features and sounds of this piano. Why spoon-feed the children with everything? By the way, my 8 and 3 years old love it and play music and rhythm they come up all their own!
Keys are full-size. Unfortunately if I play more than 2 keys at once, i.e. a simple 3 note chord, I get a very ugly sounding 4th note. Can't figure out if its a defect in the unit or if it's supposed to do that. I use it to practice choral music so I'm mostly a one note at time musician but sure would be nice to hear a chord without it sounding dissident.
Yes you can
Yes it has a headphone jack. I bought this to allow my daughter to practice in her dorm room but you can't play more than 2-3 notes at once. If you want one, you can buy the one I have. I'll give you a killer deal on it.
No. Just to play you only need to be plugged into an AC wall outlet.
no it is self contained
I sent this keyboard back immediately after trying it. It would play multiple notes even when I carefully tried to play one note at a time. I don't know how it would work as a midi controller, but if it was like the one I got, it would be a disaster.
10
Yes the white light is good on the subject, it lights all the LEDs at the same time to produce the white and it is pretty strong at the end of the beam. However the LEDs don't turn white on the actual fixture. Minor details though if no one is looking at the par itself. Plus it's blinding bright when you look right into it
According to the owners manual, yes.
Master slave has never been a problem for me. I've never run them DMX because it isn't feasible for my purposes. If you do try master slave, then you'll need IEC male to female power cords for the links.
The Mega Par Profile has 8 more LEDs each. The Mega Par Profile is a little smaller in size. These two lights will work fine together if connected via DMX and a DMX controller. Light output should be pretty close to the same.
Power Draw is 14W. These LEDs are very bright and I am very happy with them. I have two and wished I had more.
These are great for providing some splashes of color on you and or the curtains behind you. You would need more if you want to light the band up. You would need to hang them from a higher spot to do that kind of lighting. Not sure what you are looking for/trying to accomplish. Give me just a little more detail.
Yes these lights are very bright
that is correct. you can use it stand alone or DMX. It has several bilt in colors, or you can mix the colors to make just about any color you want right from the light.
This would not work for a gobo projector. It is a color spot but doesn't come with a gel housing or any way to attach a gobo. Plus there is no way to focus the light, unless there is a separate housing from ADJ that allows it.
No
Oscar Schmidt Ukes are made in Indonesia but set up here in the U.S. They are made there because of the access to many wood farms in that country. Oscar Schmidt and Washburn are owned by U.S. Music Corporation out of Mundelein, Il
It is in between the soprano and tenor in size. Tune it the same as the tenor.
Yes it works very well.
I think they're quite good actually. They take a couple of days of work to stay in tune but after that this uke sounds pretty amazing. People are always surprised by it. It's pretty loud too.
no that would ruin it.
They just look plastic to me
Yes
it says its hand crafted in taiwan
yes they're Aquila
Using Youtube videos it has been pretty easy on my own.
The case is excellent! Hard outer case, with handle, zips around and has snaps. Kind of a nylon outside material and inside is black fuzzy and hard shape to fit the ukelele. Also has a little compartment inside to keep your tuner and cleaning cloths, etc, and a small zip compartment on the outside. I love the case.
I don't think you'd have a problem
No, this bundle did not include a dvd.
The overall length is 20 3/4inches, the width at the thickest part is 7, and the thickness is 2 3/8 inches.
Yeah it has one big strap and a smaller handle
Yes there is a tuner! I like it and it works quite well.
Nylon synthetic.....2 or 3 possible brands.
Try another tuner. There's a good free phone app -- I think it's called G-strings. If that's not the actual name, then it's the top app when you search guitar tuners. Good luck.
I don't know. I bought it as a gift for one of my nieces to learn on. I have a friend from Hawaii who says it is a very good instrument to learn on and play.
It's padded well enough to keep it safe
The strings were like fishing line and were replaced they did not sound Hawaiian and lost tune before you could finish a song. Strongly recommend ordering new strings when you purchase
YES.
yes it comes pre-stringed with a tuner. In my opinion, this this feels like a toy and kind of sounds like one too. I think if a person wants a really good quality built & sounding instrument, you need to spend several hundred dollars. This is the second under a $100 mandolin I have bought off Amazon. I returned the first one due to quality, or lack thereof. They market these as actual great sounding and playing units but they are not. They are inexpensively built with inexpensive materials and they will never hold a tune for this reason. Good product for kids but pony up and spend a few hundred on one for an adult.
I did not get a dvd.
You clip the tuner on the end head stock where the tuning pegs are. Turn the display face towards you sou can see the tuning display. The best place that I found for tuning a ukulele is on "You Tube". There are some really excellent sights. I hope this helps you.
It's laminated mahogany.
Aquila I think.
all was good
Nylgut, not nylon. Good strings, really. Are different from the nylon ones, nylgut have better sound. I know because I own one.
Yes.
Yes, the gig bag does come with a detachable shoulder strap. The strap comes inside the case and attaches to sewn-in D-rings on the outside of the case. The case is actually REALLY nice, good quality!
Yes it comes stringed with Aquila Nylgut strings and yes it is the same model. It's and great ukulele for an amazing price.
I think it comes with nylon strings, though I don't really know what a pickup is.
It only has the strings on the ukulele, no extra strings
This is Simply a Kala KA-C
The set up from the factory was perfect for the OU5 that I got. Another Uke that I bought needed the fret ends polished . The neck on a ukulele isn't under the same stress as a guitar neck. Fewer strings with a lot less tension on a much shorter neck mean truss rod adjustments and bridge alterations aren't normally required. Most ukes don't even have truss rods so the saddle height is factory set for most players.
Yes
Uke tabs are everywhere!! Just google the song name plus "uke tab," 'twill be easy. I've been playing every day for the last four and a half months (I bought an Hola! soprano ukulele before my stunning Oscar Schmidt), and I'm officially obsessed! WAY easier than guitar, only four strings, and a fun vibe all its own. By the by, this one takes a little while to open up (about a month), and it doesn't yet hold tune perfectly (matter of time?), but the sound is INSANE, I love her! Take the leap!
Yes
Hi Francine... in simplest terms, a concert is a small uke (23 in) and a baritone is a big one (30+ in). Also, a concert ukulele has a more traditional, bright and crisp sound. The baritone is tuned differently (DGBE like bottom 4 strings of the guitar). This gives it a deeper, fuller sound. It's super for a bluesy feel but much of the Hawaiian sweetness is lost to it. Ukes come in 4 sizes - Soprano (21"), Concert (23"), Tenor (26") and Baritone (30"). You should try them all out when you go to buy one. Though most folks find the concert ukulele very comfortable. Hope this answers your question.
Mine came with new Aquila Nylgut strings. Amazon.com has them for sale.
The DVD explains the fundamentals of beginning ukulele and was included with the book I purchased as a single item.
The uke is 24" long.
No it does not. No electronics are on this Ukulele.
Hi. Not sure about the lifetime warranty but honestly, I do not believe much can go wrong with this instrument. Hope this helps.
Yes, it came prestrung with Aquila strings.
No, but it's a really good soft case
I don't know what website you are referring to but these questions are usually only answered by people who have purchased this product.
Sorry. Just saw this..Yes, it did.
The referenced ad doesn't state what tuner will be supplied. Preferred tuner is either a Snark SN-2 or SN-6 that clip to the headstock.
Eric is incorrect. I downloaded the full version of SDJ for free.
The Aux input is just a straight audio input... it isn't a midi input. The Twitch itself is a software midi controller. It can be used with Serato Itch (soon with Serato DJ), it also comes with a controller overlay and mapping for Traktor and a mapping for Ableton Live. You can also edit your mappings in Ableton and Traktor. The controls on the Twitch only work on the midi functions not the audio through the Aux input.
It comes with the tractor overlay but not with the novation bag.
Hi , you can not turntables, theres is aux lne (one)
No sorry bro its designed to be a controler/ sound card.
Yes. It uses USB port, so it should work just fine, provided you have compatible software.
Hi E. Yes can use it with any audio software! Best Pedro
YES! It really with any music program on any operating system since M-Audio is one of the largest names in Electric instruments.
Seems like simple beginner books would have what you are seeking.
I am not sure.
Yes! On iPad you will need the camera connection kit. On the Mac, just a USB cable.
Searching on the web I couldnt find any reference for this compatibility, yet, you must try searching on users guide because this controller seems to be very flexible about compat. Luck
Yes, just connect and play.
Sorry not familiar with that product - probably should work if your computer accepts USB since it's a USB - MIDI DEVICE. Fl studio looks a lot like "Reason" as far as a sequencer program. I used it with GarageBand on an iPad.
I've used it with ProTools 9, 10, & 11, Garageband, and Logic so far. It should work with Pro Tools 8.
yes
This includes 2 speakers
No
I own the "On Stage Stands" u can order them right here on amazon they work great I've had no problem with at all and assembly is a breeze
You will need an external soundcard. The more ports you need the more expensive though. I would look into something like the M-Audio Fast Track Ultra High-Speed 8x8 USB 2.0 Interface if you can shell out the price.
You need something to create an audio signal, so a amp/receiver is needed
It depends on what your home stereo has for outputs my friend. If you are using the standard RCA left and right audio outputs you will need a RCA to TRS adapter. These speakers arent typically going to be connected to your home stereo though as they are marketed as studio monitors which are typically going to be attached to a DAC since each speaker is powered individually.
This item is on MAP Price, sometimes there's days where this item is on special and price is discounted
Yes
We currently only ship intercontinental U.S.A. Thank you
The only time you have to worry about proximity with speakers is with the old fashioned CRT monitors. LED screens aren't affected by speakers. Hard drives are safe. I have one of my speakers right next to a Drobo raid array and it's never had a problem. It takes quite a bit of magnetism very close to the platters before you can really harm a hard drive, and the field from the speakers would have to penetrate the computer case and the protective shielding around the hard drive.
In my opinion absolutely, the 5" speaker gives much improved frequency separation and cleaner bass response. The BX5s seem to need to be EQ adjusted to taste, as they are quite capable of a wide response curve. The only caution is your comment on blowing the bass - these still might be too delicate to handle a high volume driving bass, and you may have to go to the big BX8s. I can muddle the bass response if I really crank the volume. We use them for studio mixing monitors because of the incredible clarity, and we can EQ to a perfect natural sound curve. Of course, when listening for fun we crank the bass.
I recently owned an expensive pair of Dynaudio Speakers for music production in my home studio, at $700 each. They were had a compressed mid and hyped hi-mid/hi to my ears...which I actually like. I've been into music my whole life and I have gone through many changes in my taste, also my ears have been losing high end from being in bands my whole life. So I'm more apt to going for brighter speakers. These M-Audios have a more open sound and a pretty hearty low end. They are well balanced and surprisingly well-made for the price category. But making a comparison to JBLs without knowing the model, and doing a side-by-side comparison is difficult. Speakers are subjective. They're like pizza. You either like a thin crust or thick crust, and no sauce or a lot of sauce. It's a personal preference. There are a set of criterion to consider when purchasing speakers: What you can afford? What is the actual speaker cone manufactured from, what size room will they be in? And what is the intended use. Is it a wooden casing or all plastic? As far as an overall comparison, a brand name or loyalty to a company like JBL is tough to shake off. They've been ingrained in our consciousness for a long time and often, we associate a brand with quality. But these days there are many lines and price points within a brand that differ in quality and the price linearly reflects that quality. In other words, "You get what you pay for!" So, to say that JBLs are superior or inferior to M-Audio products is a tough one. I also own a pair of Klipsch and Bowers and Wilkens in the library and they are both incredible speakers but the M-Audios do sound clean and evenly balanced, and for the price you can't go wrong. You'll be pleasantly surprised how much power they have for such a small pair. Just don't use them in a big room and expect the be blown away. I'm in a 15 x 15 room, they are sitting on my desk as I produce voice overs and films, and they are a great semi-pro pair of speakers. Also pay attention to the fact that these speakers are self-powered you will need 2 DC outlets, and two separate guitar cables (phone jacks on each side) and then those two male jacks go into a 2 female to Mini,Y-adapter and the mini goes into your computer's "audio in" port, if it's being used for a computer. Good luck! -Paul
pair
They do not.
I've been using the previous generation BX5s for over a year now and they still sound as good as ever. Never had a single problem with my old ones which is why I bought a new set for another application. So far both sets are working perfectly.
I can't technically answer that question but I can say we've got 5 pair in our office literally butted up against monitors. No issues
Yes. Each speaker has its own amplifier and power. You'll just need to buy two cables and a y adapter for plugging into your pc sound card.
Yes you can . I bought it for computer
You should be able to get something cheaper, but I do really like the sound quality out of theses speakers.
Nope, actually I didn't get it They didn't sent me those products
No. It comes with a high hat pedal (HH65), 3 cymbals, 1 cymbal mount, hardware to attach all cymbals to mounts, and all wiring needed.
yes it does
I recieved the three cymbal pads, but no stand. However it did come with cables of various lengths for e-cymbals and e-drums
No it is not. It is just the three cymbals.
It does not come with any material to make a pick. It gives written ideas of materials to use to make different types of picks though.
We've used it on a variety of plastic materials. Would you want metal picks?
I haven't tried it, but I doubt it would work well because CDs are thicker and more brittle than the plastic gift cards.
I can not answer that. I bought it as a gift for a grandson and he does not live close by.
No
hmmm sorry, we have not tried felt actually....
china
The puncher has the description on the box and on the actual item. It is easy to see exactly what it is! My guitar students are loving it!
This is from their web site: "Pick shape is similar to 351 style picks LIKE OUR LOGO approx 1-3/16" (30mm) tall by 1-1/16" (25.5mm) wide at top "The Regular Pick Shape" Approximately 95% of all guitar players use this shape."
I don't know. I will give my son (a gift to him) this link and he can answer.
yes it is. it's a really nice little metronome!
To remove an emphasis on beat/measure, press EDIT button so that number under "BEAT" (bottom left corner) is blinking. Use arrows (right side keypad) and decrease BEAT to "1". Editing can be done while metronome is running so that you may hear the effect. Press EDIT twice more to exit edit mode.
Yes, it is just a simple metronome, no fancy stuff!
It can work, however you will probably have to compound a slower beat.
Yes.
Bruce, this tuner is supposed to be +/- 1 cent on accuracy. I do know these tuners have brought out a better sound on my guitars vs an older stand alone chromatic tuner that I was using because of placement variation. For the price I don't think you can beat them.
Yes
No it stays in 432Hz.
My twin pack came as one unit. Two tuners attached to one piece of cardboard ready to sell.
I would give this one a try. my mandolin and guitars are never in direct sunlight the stage is usually covered or it's evening or indoors . before the show I tune up I leave this one clipped to my Gibson F5 I love the size it's easy to use and see. very cheap priced .The first tuners were bulky and expensive. Not so todays tuners are automatic. I must have 6 different tuners this one is my favorite. good luck with your gigs
It works just fine with my tenor ukulele. It's chromatic so it'll give you the note for whatever tuning you want to use. Hope this helps.
I've used it on multiple instruments- Guitar, Bass, Mandolin, Ukulele, among others. So I don't think you would have any issues using it on a Banjo.
CR2032 3V coin cell
It's a round disc battery the size of a nickel. A hatch opens in the rounded back to replace the battery.
Not sure if a violin has an area to attach the device. It works fine with guitar, upright bass, ukulele, cello. It would all depend on whether there is a spot it could clip on to securely. Hope this helps!
It is not the best, but the keyboard is great and the stand works for a thin book.
No it doesn't, but is a great keyboard.
the keyboard is in excellent condition and works perfectly the only detail is that in the ad said it was of sencibles keys and it is not should be more honest in that sense must give true imformacion Product
The keyboard uses the larger 1/4 sized headphone jack. They sell really good 1/8 to 1/4 adapters here on Amazon.
No it is not. The CTK3200 is where touch sensitivity starts and it also has USB connectivity
You should and the best for this keyboard is the Casio SP20 Piano Style Sustain Pedal
A touch sensitive keyboard would have a weighted keys which would act similar to a real piano. Harder you press the keys louder the sound and softer you press the milder the sound and so on.
it has a 1/4 inch output jack and a usb port out . To answer your question i connect the keyboard with the usb to my computer that has surround sound speakers and it sounds good. I dont think the 1/4 inch jack has the power to run speakers its made for headphones you would have to have an amplifier.
Hi Doug, Let me start by saying I am a keyboard player and own several IK Multimedia products. The Total Workstation XL Bundle for PC, Sampletank, iGrand and iLectric Pianos for IOS, and iRig Pre for IOS. I have an extensive collection of virtual instruments and I'm very impressed with all of these products. I did try iRig MIDI and here are two issues I found. First; I need to use 2 keyboards in my live setup. I took a standard 5 pin MIDI cable out of one keyboard and into the MIDI input of the second keyboard. I then used the supplied iRig MIDI to MINI plug and connected the iRig MIDI to my iPad. I should have been able to set each keyboard for a different MIDI channel and trigger the sound set up on that MIDI channel in Sampletank for IOS. However, it would only allow me to use one keyboard, or input source, on only one MIDI channel at a time. Using a standard USB 'printer style' cable out of the second keyboard to the iPad Camera Connection kit(plugged into the iPad) solved this problem. I am mentioning this in case you might have two different trigger sources which you need to set to two different MIDI channels. This could be an issue. Which brings me to the second issue; there were supposed to be 2 of the special iRig MIDI to MINI cables which interface with iRig MIDI and 1 USB cable to connect to a USB power supply(which is not included). Problem was that they included 2 USB cables and only 1 special MIDI cable in the box. If I recall correctly there were @ 7 out of 11 reviewers that received the wrong cables, as I did. My best advice is to pick one up and give it a try to see if it will satisfy your needs. But I just wanted you to be aware of a couple of issues which might possibly affect it's overall performance.
Yes, it works but then you almost have to buy the rig hd for your audio. If your doing a gig you end up with a lot of wire clutter and worry more about engineering instead of artistry. Ik is a good product but I might suggest making the investment to upgrade..yes I did.
I Also use the Camera Kit Conector for USB keyboards. But I keep the IRIG MIDI for my old keyboards that there is only MIDI conections avalible.
Yes if you download the amplitube AP or garageband AP according to my grandson.
Yes
Works with garage band on the iPad.
Yes it will. Great interface for midi signals...
Yes
When I ordered it, it came with the connector shown and two cables that plugged into it (one end was MIDI and the other fit the unit).
The cables are 5 ft. Long
Hi, The interface includes two midi cables so you can connect to your keyboard.
I just tried hitting a chromatic scale while holding a tuner next to it. It appears to depend on how I hit it and which mallets are used. It was generally within 10 cents of an equal temperament scale although I hit some sour tones when I wasn't careful about hitting the center. Almost no reverb on it so I don't think it would clash in an ensemble.
The keys are wood. I can't tell you if it is padouk. but it is not rosewood. The price point of this would not allow rosewood.
My keys do not bounce around. Be sure they are set properly by examining each one. When my xylophone arrived, a few of the keys had bent pegs (pegs are at the top for the lower keys and at the bottom of the upper keys), do they key was not sitting properly. I straightened the bent pegs out and then the keys sat properly. The keys should sit between the pegs, with the pegs vertical, and end of the key with the hole should allow the key to sit within the hole all the way to the metal bar under the key. I hope his helps.
I know they are wood and are certainly finished to give the appearance of redwood so I assume they are. It certainly plays well for the price point!
Yes
41 is the width. The shortest key is 4.25".
We have owed this for a couple of years. We don't use the case often but it has always fit in.
yes the xylo part is removable from the stand
The xylophone is 40" x 21" x 32" high. It weighs about 10 -15 lbs.
To be truthful, I didn't even check. I bought it for my young daughter who instantly fell in love with it. It's a very nice instrument, and she plays it often. Has a great sound (though i would spend a few bucks and get a better set of mallets) We wanted to upgrade from the 2.5 octave glockenspiel to something a bit bigger and this was the only realistic option within my budget. I would definitely recommend this to anyone who likes percussive instruments!
Negative. The camera is covered up when locked onto the stand. So this is no good for that. If you're handy, you might be able to modify it to do that... but it it would involve cutting metal pieces off and installing some kind of jerry-rigged strap to hold the iPad in place. Or you can just punch a hole through the metal part that covers the camera.
I received the stand today. Surprisely it came with an extra set of rubber corners- the beefy ones. So i have both sets. I swapped them out. They seem to hold the iPad much better-very tight. I can turn the iPad upside and even giggle it without worring that it will fall out.
I bought it for my Ipad 3 and it fit ok. However, the ipad was too heavy for the hinge and I was not able to get it to support my device. I tried everything to get it to work ... bungee cords and all to no avail. Turned out to be a very bad investment.
I have not had any stability issues with it at all and I use it a lot. It's a good buy....worth the money.
It's pretty stable. Especially if you make sure that the boom arm is directly above one of the legs. The longer you make the boom, the more tippy. With the arm 1/2 way extended or less, you should have no problems outdoors.
Yes
Mine has held up fine for six months of relatively light use.
I don't use the boom arm. I have the holder connected to the vertical stem. no problem charging it on the stand. The rubber corner holders are very secure. I let my grandsons play with the iPad in the holder while my son cuts their hair. They play rough and the holder stands up to their abuse.
This included a basic, standard microphone stand, so the legs on the bottom are 2, maybe 2-1/2 feet from end to end. As far as the arm, it's also a standard length, maybe 36"? I've never measured it, but I hope this helps.
I wouldnt chance anything too expensive with this stand. I bought a used Ipad that I use only for gigs...so it can fall or get knocked over and its no big deal. You might want to invest in something a little more sturdy.
19 inches
the speakers are powered and can take a powered line in. most dj's will have a powered mixer board for output. We have tied these speakers into a Peavey 1200 watt amp
No battery, straight power connect.
Just one
Correct they plub into a wall. Then into your sound board.
Shouldn't be a problem. I connect my phone to it without issue.
Microphone cables and a source to plug them in to. AV cables will work
Use a standard microphone cable
No, you'll want to get a 3.5mm Male to 2-Male RCA Stereo cable along with it.
One speaker
Yea Id say so its great program. Just not with windows 8 from my experience in the amazon store I would sudjust you also get magic music maker 2004 delux its like 14.00 that' program got me hooked . Im running magix 2013 and 2014 to me its a downgrade
Yes. You can record your voice with the Magix Music Maker MX. You will need a decent microphone. There are several reasonably priced USB mics floating around.
Yes use overdub and equalizer to tone your voice do sound check first then record=good product
This type of software is very intuitive. The learning curve is steep but making music is very rewarding. I would suggest getting the latest version. If cost is an issue I am sure that an older edition would be fine.
Honestly I have no idea other than kind and number of loops available.
What mod.#
Yes, it is computer software.
I downloaded the software (if you purchased a disc it may differ) but the serial number & all the information you need to install the program can be found under the section of Amazon where it shows the purchased downloads, I hope this helps!
I think idid answer this question and I said yes it works on the computer but sometimes you need an especific item or it doesn't work on certain computer try it online bye.
Nop, it's thin like an electric guitar. But for the price it sounds pretty good.
Yes
Yes. It's a classical acoustic guitar with a narrow standard acoustic style neck.
Yes, this is a classical guitar and requires nylon strings.
Yes, you can use the rim on the snare (it is a dual trigger pad) to trigger any sound including a "rim shot". This is an amazing little electronic drum kit. I have been playing drums for over 30 years and have owned other electric kits.
Yes, according to my son (who is the drummer here) it has 25 different kits and different sounds. Not performance quality but fantastic for practice.. with head phones... on him.
The drum pad is attached to the kick pedal platform and electronically connected to the rest of the kit.
Well I am a long time drummer (50yrs) and this is my 1st electronic set. It is nothing like a real set, heads do feel like rubber and cymbals and hi-hat are awful, but it does make noise and I do love the base sound and pedal action. To get a better feel and sound you would have to go up to a $600-$1000 set. It is just alright for the money in my opinion.
I personally have never tried this, but, according to the user manual, you can set the brain to have dynamic response to the drum sticks.
You can set all kinds of sound parameters for open and closed sounds, however I am quite disappointed in there sensitivity. Very poor cymbals in this kit.
2 big advantages of this kit are that you can plug in a mp3 player and play along with headphones for much quieter practice, and secondly, the kit folds up to a very compact footprint you can carry with 1 hand and take with you in any car.
It does not. The headphone jack is a 1/4" jack. So you'll either need a converter (standard headphones are 1/8" or 3.5mm) or headphones that have a 1/4 jack. Converters are cheap and can be found at best buy or any music store.
No it does not. It needs to be hooked to an amp or headphones.
With the right amp it sounds amazing. Or though really good headphones
I've plugged a Nord Stage2 into the 22vsl. Between the nord's output level and the 22's gain knob it was no problem to get a proper level.
I can't speak for the SM57. For my Beta 58, it was no problem. They supposedly use the same capsule. For my MXL R144 ribbon, I added a CloudLifter CL-1 (which cost more than the microphone, but was well worth it). If you ever get a Sure SM7B or a ribbon, you pretty much need something like a CloudLifter or other form of separate microphone pre-amp. But SM57/SM58, you should be fine with the XMAX PreAmps that are built into the Presonus 22VSL. Leave the phantom power off, and use decent cables.
I just use it as plug & play. The "VSL" is a software-based mixer, but I've never used it.
I use it with 10.8.5, but this box is still supported by PreSonus so it would be pretty safe to assume a YES.
It has its own phantom power supply, so you don't need one.
Yes. Will work with Garage Band or any other DAW.
I sue this interface on my Mac Book Air and it works flawlessly with the included Studio One software which is one of the best DAW's available. This interface is clean, quiet, and is well suited for professional applications. My only issue was that I wish I had opted for the step up and gotten the 4 input XLR version. Never the less, I am more than happy with my Persons purchase and will be a customer for a very long time.
Yes. There are a ton if tutorial vids out there on YouTube that give great info
Well, for me it works pretty good. And for that price.
Sorry I cannot help you with this, I use for mixing my midi setup.
Stainless tank has rounded corners and tapers to smaller at the bottom. Longer dimension: 7 1/4 inches at top going down to 6 1/2 inches at bottom. Shorter dimension: 6 1/4 inches at top going down to 5 1/2 inches at bottom. Measurements approximate but within 1/8 inch or so.
The price and name. Built by the same company.
It will clean gun parts, but it's not a huge basket. Also, be careful with what finish the gun part has. I put an older polished blued slide in with a random solution and it discolored it. Just be aware that this can happen. Overall it will work pretty well, though!
I clean my EAA Witness Elite in mine. Pick up some of the gun cleaner solution though, I used just water and dawn, it did a great job but the metal started to rust before I could get it all dried off and sprayed down with tri flow. Its the same cleaner that Hornaday sells just a lot less. I clean all kinds of things in it, from cpu heat sinks to handguns
The heater is not adjustable, but can be turned on or left off. I am very pleased with it. just don't overload it
Your best bet would to put the liquid into the machine then a mason jar inside the liquid as to not burn up the heating element for the ultrasonic part I would find a jar small enough to fit with the lid on or you might not get the full effect but this is just my thery.
Heck yeah you can. I do it every week. :)
Being a stainless steel tank, you could use any type of liquid you needed to such as mean green or a solvent. My only concern would be not letting the item touch the bottom of the tank lest you damage the ultrasound unit. If you try it for this, find a way to suspend the part in the solution using string and some sticks or cardboard.
I have this unit. Highly recommended. There is a minimum fill line on this unit. The smallest batch that reaches the "minimum fill line" is a double Liposomal Vit C batch. Get this device!
I have used it with different levels of liquid and no problem. The key is you have to have enough liquid to cover the item you are cleaning.
You can't choose on this listing - you get whatever they happen to have. To get the stain color of your choice type into the Amazon search bar: Ash B00G8JRAM8, for Black Walnut B00G8JRANW, for Cherry B00G8JRANM, and for Oak B00G8JRAN2
Yep! As long as you can find a stud.
Really to small for guitar .
It will fit. I have a balalaika hanging on it and it holds up well.
It was a little big for my baritone ukelele, and you can definitely bend it a bit
I would say it should work with no problem.
They make a size that fits guitars;)
You should be able to just screw it in the wall . That's what I did .
I just measured the maximum depth possible . If your mandolin is under 4 and 1/2 inches deep , than it should fit nicely .
It works for my soprano and baritone ukes. So, I'd say yes.
It can be used for an acoustic guitar, but it does not work well. To pass the calibration, I felt that that the guitar had to be strummed very hard. It had difficulty picking up the low E string unless I picked hard. Initially, I thought it would work well enough, but after a few days I discovered it could not pick up bends or slides. For what it's worth, a guitar shop employee told me that these sort of acoustic guitar pickups are noisy which makes the pickup detection more difficult.
It clips on you can take it on and off whenever
It sounds like you must have a defective unit. I don't get a hum with either tubes or solid state amp. Sorry yours is making bad noises.
works just like a regular guitar pickup, will only pickup the guitar its attached to, I think one of the reviews mentions that, yeah, if you want to jam or play out, should be fine,
Yep that's all
No. It's already 1/4".
Hi Mike, This didn't work on my Taylor Big Baby at all. I ended up investing more money in a Fishman humbucker which works beautifully on my Taylor! Good luck in your search for a pickup! Anne
So far as I can tell it is a standard magnetic pickup. In other words it requires steel strings. Unfortunately I do not have a nylon string guitar to test it on but it does not "pick up" top vibrations like a "transducer" or sounds in the air like a microphone, but does change volume with changes in distance from steel strings, like all magnetic pickups.
No,the pickup dosent need a battery.make sure the port you plug into is the right one.if you can test it with a microphone.my pickup works great and see no reason why yours shouldn't.let me know.
Yes, the pickup will work on any sound hole that is wider than 3 inches. I have it on a full size acoustic and there is plenty of room to go smaller. It will also fit on my 3/4 size classical guitar which has a much smaller sound hole and still has at least an inch more it could go smaller. As long as the kids guitar has metal and not nylon strings ( it won't pickup the sound vibrations off a nylon string) it will work with no problem.
Probably not. The curved "hooks" would barely grasp the front edge of the guitar body and the highest vertical part is only 6" up - not very secure for a 36" length guitar.
I think so. They are similar sizes instruments.
Comes apart easily. Great stand. Put a Martin concert on mine but fits tenor and soprano as well.
Assembled it is 8 inches wide and 12 inches depth.
When assembled, the two pieces of the stand holding the instrument are about 6 inches apart. I'm not sure what the Backpacker's body width is at the bottom, it's hard to tell from photos. Also, I understand Martin made the body slightly bigger starting in 2002. My guess is the Kala would work fine, but I just can't say for certain.
I use mine for a tenor Gretsch and nothing deeper than this would fit. The bottom of the tenor is 3" deep.
The bottom of the stand is very smooth rounded wood. It won't scratch a hard wood floor unless you use it to hold a refrigerator.
Mu Uke is a Kala Concert Ukulele and the fit is perfect.
Not sure, I have a Martin concert in mine. Great stand.
I haven't noticed if there is a setting for auto shut off, but it will definitely stay on all night. Which my boys love.
I returned this product, if I remember correctly, you need buy an adaptor to plug in that was expensive and not part of the initial box
I'm not sure. The one I ordered didn't come with an adapter, like it apparently does now. It's better to use batteries though, as everyone wants to carry it around and move it different places anyway. It doesn't stay in one place for long...
They are stationary.
It stays on until you turn it off.
Yes, it works with any production or mixing software as a midi device. You can also download Stanton presets for Traktor.
Yes - it is a full mix output including any announcements said over the microphone...
You do not have to run it through a mixer, play directly.
It has its own computer built inside along with its own software built in. You add music from an external hard drive or USB flash drive.
all that i got was just the power cord. i didnt get it with the original box or manual... but the manual is available online which has been updated 5x since i got mine
Yes
No it's awful with a computer . Do not buy
No. Just USB but I'm pretty sure if you put a card reader into it it'll read the card you put into it.
If you mean to read music on your computer and play on the turn tables, I don't think so. It does havea USB port to plug into the computer and use it asa controller though and use other software and music on your pc.
http://www.stantondj.com/stanton-controllers-systems/scs4dj.html Mine came loaded With the 5.0.1 firmware which is the newest.
The Epiphone Dot has a larger Body size than the Epi ES-339 with less features... the ES-339 has a bound Rosewood Fret-Board & "push-pull" Volume Control to turn the Epiphone '57 Classic Humbucker Pick-Ups into Single Coil (Coil Tap). Very comfortable guitar to play, with great tones, nice features & "fit-finish" is great for the $$$$ I ALSO OWN THE GIBSON ES-339 (which I love) but find myself picking up the Epiphone ES-339.
Not familiar with a T5, but it is slightly larger than a Gibson Les Paul guitar, but not by much. It is smaller than the classic Gibson ES335. It is only about 2" think, but it is semi-hollow body design which gives it a great sound when either picking,playing leads, or rhythm.
It is made in China but it is an amazing guitar
I ordered it in very early January 2015, so mine had to have been made in late 2014. Great guitar.
Thank you for your recent e-mail. Unfortunately, we are unable to ship any of our Amazon orders outside of the United States.
To add onto the other comment -- Yes, but this product is very cheaply made (picks up a lot of noise/static). Also, I had a bad experience with this particular seller. I suggest investing in a preamp (which provides power for your mic) to get the most out of your microphone. Especially a MXL. That's what I ended up doing and it was the best move.
Yes. I've had no problems with using it with my Mac.
I have an iMac and use it to record narrations. Not sure about Windows, but I bet it does as long as you have USB.
I have not tested the Nady phantom power supplys. I have used powered mics and a wireless box on it and I beleive that any mic or device that can be plugged into this cable will work. It works just like pluging a mic into an amp. I was also suprised by the sound quality when I plugged it into my laptop and my desktop.
Yes this will work with any XLR microphone as long as you have a phantom power supply. The way it works is you hook the microphone up with a regular xlr cable to the phantom power supply input then you connect this cable to the Mic Thru on the power supply and then hook it to your computer. I use the Behringer MicroPower PS400 for my phantom power supply.
It will not be as noiseless as a higher-end pre-amp or A/D interface, nor will it have as much gain as a dedicated pre-amp. It's a more fast-and-dirty solution than a home studio centerpiece. Chose instead a dedicated USB audio interface if you need studio quality, but if you're just doing youtube voiceovers, it'll sound fine.
I can only attest to a brand new Mac, but I don't imagine Windows 8 would be a problem as it uses the same general idea via USB.
I have no idea what a DI box is but all I know is the cable works fine.
If it has an XLR connector it should work. If it requires phantom power you'll need additional equipment.
I have a Yamaha guitar, no sure about the size, but is big. The guitar fit with a little of effort. The main complain I have is that it's very unconfortable to carry on my back. The straps are bad located (I hate them). Hope this helps you, Thanks.
No idea. I bought it for my Ovation. its a tight squeeze but works well. I bet it would
Without knowing your guitars exact dimensions, its difficult to tell. But my Starcaster by Fender was a very snug fit.
Yes, it fits fine. I've owned guitars since the mid 1960's and used many guitar cases. While it doesn't offer the complete protection of a hard shell case, it works great as a guitar backpack carry along case. I use a Fender T-Bucket CE 300 model guitar and the case has not failed me yet!!
Yep definitely I recently bought the bag and it'll fit for sure.
I currently use mine for a Fender FA100 which is deeper than 5" and it fits fine.
It would be a really tight fit. I use it for a standard 6 string dreadnaught and that is a tight fit. I would put anything bigger than that.
Yes. I have in it now one that is 44" long and 18" wide. Understand though the bag has an across the chest strap and not shoulder straps. My view of the online image seemed to show two shoulder straps. Luckily, I also needed a bag for my banjo, and while unplanned at that time was needed. I got a ChromaCast 6 Pocket Acoustic Gig Bag with two over the shoulder straps that is plenty big enough for my dreadnought sized Electric Blue Quilted Top Fender T Bucket C300 Acoustic Electric guitar and a great bag all around. Happy guitaring!!
Too small for a dreadnought guitar, even though that's what it says it will fit.
Yes, it does. Inside the sound hole. Nice little guitar.
There is a button for a strap on the bottom of the body. Then you use a piece of string or something to tie above the nut on the neck (under the strings) to the other end of the strap.
Yes, BUT, it's not as easy as stringing it reversed. Acoustically and tuning peg no problem. The nut, which is the bar at the end of the neck, is cut for string width so you would have to pop it off and turn it around or get a new one made. Same with the bridge, the intonation is set by the factory with some strings slightly longer than each other. You would need to get a lefty one, which is an easy swap if you can get one. I would assume the parts are available but not sure of the cost and how easy it would be to do on your own. Not sure if a true lefty version of this guitar is made.
The actual size of the nut is the same as on a full-size guitar, which is 1 11/16 - 1 3/4 inches across. I'm just a novice guitarist. Hope this is the info you were looking for.
Steel
Sorry, I've never owned or even seen a little martin. If it helps, I can say it is more or less the same size as a Daisy Rock Debutante 3/4. Only the Fender has more of a pear shape (as shown in the picture). The Fender MA-1, however, plays, feels and sounds spectacular for a 3/4. I am a 40 year old man and I find myself playing the MA-1 all the time. I currently teach three children (two 11 year old girls and one 9 year old boy) who had used the Daisy Rocks prior to my getting the MA-1 and right from the first day I switched them over to the MA-1, all three of them improved immensely. I realize this doesn't really answer your question about the size comparison but if you were thinking about purchasing the MA-1, I recommend it. It is a lovely guitar and I'm sure you wouldn't be disappointed. I hope this helps.
Neither. It is made in Indonesia. Fender have a large factory there.
Not sure
I use a mixer.. Im not sure but I think it makes this stereo if it isn't already. I hear it in both speakers
Don't know
I use it for voice. The quality is good to very good on both my laptop and desktop using the free Audacity software available at http://audacity.sourceforge.net/ The mike tends to pop, but I put a 'wind sock over it and adjusted the mic boost in the sound section of the control panel of Windows and have been delighted considering the cost.
Yes
Cynthia, your PC should have two mini jacks, one for a mic and the other for a headset. plug it into the mic jack. The next challenge is figuring out how to get it to work. If you are using a MAC, I can't help, but ig you are using a PC running any version of Windows you may have to go to the speaker symbol on the task bar in the far right side on my systems, right click and open recording devices. To record you may want to load Audacity, a free sound audio recording/editor. My mic had a touchy on/off switch, but it works fine now. The Sound controls are also available in the Control Panel. Good luck. I live mine.
The buzzing is most likely from the vibrations of your pc desk. Or the fan vibrations in your pc. This Mic is not ideal for gaming recording, unless you purchase an external filter.
My Dear French Lady: Yes, you can use a clip-on microphone as long as it has the correct size male jack to plug in to the unit. The microphone my wife uses with hers is a lapel clip-on. We bought it from Amazon at the same time we bought the amplifier. Most sincerely
it appears that the 50UB doesn't have a USB input - so If you don't plan on using it for that, you could save a few bucks and go with the 50
Yes. The power supply is 110-240 Volts, 50-60 Hertz. OK?
Deff ... It's very loud but you can turn down the volume to ur liking
I don't think it will. Looks like just the charger it comes with.
no
All good except battery using is short time
I did not get a carry bag with mine. I don't think it was advertised as coming equipped with a carry bag.
I don't think it will reach that far. It is best for a small crowd in a room, on a bus, or the like.
It shouldn't since nothing goes on the ear
I use the amplifier in the classroom daily and the product is made of good quality, easy to use. However, I would prefer that the belt fasteners were better attached to the amplifier, but it is a great product and worth the money if you talk alot to save your vocals. On the days I don't use it, my voice is strained.
Mine came with a charger. The product description says it should come with one.
I don't know, but I found contact for the manufacturer at: PYLE AUDIO INC., 1600 63rd.Street, Brooklyn N.Y. 11204, 1-888-318-PYLE or 718-535-1800 or support@pyleaudio.com. .
Red light just shows that power is on. When the light is blinking it is charging. It will be steady green when it's fully charged.
It's a self contained unit so it doesn't need to be connected to any system. That way you can use it anywhere. There is a place to plug your iPod in so it can play through it while you are speaking. I use the iPod app on my phone but plug it into a speaker dock so I don't have to carry my phone while I teach. I have to turn it all the way up but it's good enough for my classes to hear me. Again other mics cost more have to be used with a sound system and eat up batteries. For the money I think this mic is very handy and I like it alot for what I do.
It would be suitable. It does have a tendency to feedback though so you would have to make sure the speaker is pointed away from the mic.
Yes
Yes, sure it does, but don't expect a high volume.
Yes. We charge ours on 110vac without any problems.
3.86 x 3.62 x 1.85 dimensions Weight &lt; 1 lb
Either the mic is too close to amplifier or it's turned up to high. Cannot go max volume.
It comes with a charging cable, if that's what you're asking.
Yes
Yes
Yes
This unit is not 50w maybe 5 or 10 watts. But yes unit has a charger.
Try any 9 VDC 400 mA AC Adapter/Charger with a DC type plug with the tip negative 2.1mm and the sleeve positive 5mm. Various brands are available online.
Yes. It will keep the color until you change it with a remote. looking at the other answers, I guess we got lucky. we bought in two segments and have over twenty and they all keep the color.
YES
Mine came with a plug. There was no need to wire it.
yes
No, the extra wire that you see actually has the IR receiver on the end of it. You need line of sight between the remote and the end of that wire. The infrared controller is the only way to control the fixture. You cannot use a DMX controller. The IR remote however can control more than one light as long as you have line of sight for all your fixtures. All the lights will however display the same color/effect. If you want to have different colors or effects on different lights, you would need to shield the lights so that the IR signal was only reaching one light at a time. I have 8 of these. One remote controls 4 lights, and the other 4 need a different controler. Apparently they came from different batches and some use a different IR frequency than others, so I would recommend buying all you need at the same time. Also, if using a color changing effect, not all lights will change colors at exactly the same time. Some are a little faster than others so they get out of sync. The timing device used to control the color change macros is not very precisie.
Yes but you don't need one it has one on the remote
Yes, that is correct. It is best to think of them as accent lights. If you are try to use them like the flood lights with the huge bulbs that is not the best use for them. The worst part is the very short cord. I really like them though I have three for the holidays and they worked great.
I believe is inside I just saw it.
I dont use any kind of dimmers, so I'm not sure if you could use dimmers with these lights. Honestly they are beautiful but kind of weak, dont you need very strong lights for filming? Anyways for the price they are perfect for lighting our garden.
A quick conversion a 100w bulb would require just under a 20 watt LED.. The colors are not as saturated as a colored bulb but I'm sure you'll be happy with the LEDS.
Hi Bruno, I don't know the exact weight, but is very light. Measures are 50 cm X 17 cms
Yes, you can relax, because it works great. I don't think a heavy duty mic stand is necessary. Whether you have a large bass, or lightweight acoustic guitar, the center of gravity is the same because of unit's design. The only way the guitar will tip is if you bump into it. I was reluctant a bit at first also. But so glad I bought it . I couldnt' be happier
No, 3 hard plastic nibbs keep it from touching the majority of the brace. I have not noticed it wearing but over time three small spots might develop. No worse than buckel rash and it lets me play my basses (I bought 4 do far).
The strap is a basic guitar strap. You can put strap locks on it like any other strap, so yes it should work. Basses are heavier than guitars so I would personally recommend getting your own strap to use with the brace. It's a good stand. My strap broke, but they have great customer service and sent me some new ones and helped me out, but to be sure, use a high quality leather strap with the stand. I switched my strap with a Gibson strap and haven't had any issues since. You'll need a mic stand to hold the brace so be sure to get one if you buy it. Hope this helps
I actually used it for acoustic guitars. It works very well. =))). Be blessed.
Haven't tried that, but this is not a heavy duty item anyway. It works fine, but more in a casual setting or at home. You'd want a pretty beefy stand for anything with a shaky balance. I guess the holder would work though.
Yes the strap is included, and it is very secure. I am very happy with this purchase, I use this all the time.
My DDJ-SX fits so it should fit the DDJ-T1, but compare the specs just to make sure.
For reference, my NS6 fits in the bag, and while it's not particularly snug there isn't much wiggle room either. Compare the NS7ii dimensions to the ones on Numark's site for the NS6 and see how much difference there is. More than an inch on any dimension and I would say no, it won't fit.
I'm not sure. It may not be within regulation. Just look online for your specific airline .... they should have a carryon chart.
Yes
Not sure. I bought it for the DDJ-SX. fits great. Just measure you device. If the dimensions are close to what the bag is. It should be ok.
Yes. My NS6 fits. IDJ Pro is 1 1/2" shorter than NS6 so it will fit.
If the traktor s4 is the same size as the pionner
Well i got it for numark ns6 but i can say it has pretty much space left so i would guess yes. Maybe u can check the dimensions of numark ns6 (its also on amazon) and then check it with pioneer ddj. Hope that helps.
Yes it does, I use a 15"macbook and numark controller and they fit just fine
That I can't tell you, but I can say its a perfect fit for my Numark Mixdeck, laptop and assc: chk the specs on the mixdeck and compare them to the specs of your NS4... Hope this helps
There is an outlet on the rear panel for a sustain pedal. I have just ordered one. Joan
Yes, harpsichord is one of the voices.
No.
It is a large headphone jack so I had to buy an adapter so my son could use his earbuds.
Do you mean the power adaptor? If so, unfortunately no. So I bought one named Yamaha PA130.
Yes it has a USB port to connect to the computer
If it requires a 48v phantom power than no.
I would believe so, I use it on my Mac for Garageband and Ableton. I would think it would work, but I don't have a computer with windows 8 to be 100% sure. Sorry I couldn't more concrete.
Mono
Any xlr mic
Nothing. This is a great guitar for the price.
Made in Mexico by real Mexicans.
No, clear.
They are very similar.There are probably different woods used for the bodies, but without looking at where it's made you most likely wouldn't be able to tell the difference. They're both good guitars.
Mexico. Plays and sounds great!
1.6875" (43 mm)
Mexico
the one for $500 is probably made in a country other than the USA
I have absolutely no idea what strings came with the guitar. When I buy a new guitar I always discard the factory installed strings and string it with Ernie Ball #9. I have used those strings for years and they are so comfortable I never used factory strings on any. I have a Fender Jaguar, Gretsch DE and Gibson Les Paul, all with Ball strings.
The guitar was made in Mexico and let me tell you I was pleased and surprised at the quality of workmanship, sound and tone of the instrument. This is a great guitar you won't be sorry if you purchase one.
Wouldn't work for iPad mini. iPad 2 or newer. Sorry.
Kenny, this is designed for the iPad 2 (read 2nd Generation) and fits the 3rd and 4th Generation as well. The iPad Air is the 5th Generation and the iPad Air 2 is considered the 6th Generation. This will not securely hold an iPad Air 2.
Stand is separate.
Definitely. I bought it for my iPad 3 and use it all the time. I believe the iPad 2, 3 and 4 (which Apple called "The New iPad") are all the same design, so they will all fit this stand. The original iPad 1 and the new iPad Air will NOT fit.
I don't know, I have the 3rd generation iPad, not the air.
Yep. I have an iPad 4 and it works great.
Yes each Chanel is stereo...
The answer is no on that one. They are not stereo 1/4" jacks, so using stereo cables in mono jacks will output a mono signal.
Yes. I use a for vocal and b for acoustic guitar. Each has its own in and out
Yes, you plug it in to an amp with a cable. It requires a 9 volt battery in the guitar to work. I recommend this guitar for a beginner/kid to see if they are interested. You will need to buy a good tuner to make sure its in tune before playing each time. If you have any serious interest in guitar, spend the money on a decent guitar or you will just get frustrated as its harder to play on a less expensive guitar. - reviewed by Luciana's husband..
The guitar is red on the sides and back. The redtone over the fret seems to be a just a little lighter than the redtone of the rest of the guitar. The guitar does not smell like paint or those toy wooden guitars.
I'm sorry, but what is the question?
about 46 inches
You will need to buy the cable.
Yes it will. As long as you have the real tone cable any guitar or base wilk work. The only minor issue is you have to keep the volume know on the guitar turned up all the way. I've had some trouble with the game not picking up the guitar I'd the volume know us turned down.
Yes, one pick
Mine was just for looks... Couldn't actually do anything
No
question very vague but iam still playing it after a year and one restringing....
We received ours in one package.
Ready to go. Very good for starters.
Yes it does
If it is the cord that goes from the guitar to the amp then yes it does come with that.
The strings are steel with a wood guitar. I ordered it for my five year old grandaughter,we were amazed how awesome it is. My son is going to wait a couple years and have her take lessons. She LOVED it, but just strums it now. Really was a couple steps up from what i thought i was getting. Very nice for the price.
Did not have this problem yet. Have a problem with the strings always breaking. I guess wood glue could do it.
The guitar my daughter purchased did come with a strap
two weeks only.
The other end goes between the 2 top holes
&lt;20
Big people can use it if it even last thatlong. It's poor quality, I bought it for my niece for Christmas and its already broke, matter of fact when it first came one of the strings broke.
You're right, with only the attachment knob at the bottom, we tied the strap onto the top of the neck of the guitar. It's not perfect, but it works just fine. My niece is a young beginner and so having the strap was more important than a perfect attachment.
U need to use a shoe lace or string and tie it around the top of the guitar just past the neck, then tie the free end of the string/ shoe lace through the whole of the strap. Hope this helps.
Quality guitar for the money.
Yes it does come with software trakktor
Yes. Comes with a 96khz audio card built in so you don't need to bring any other gear but your computer and s2/4. It also has a 1/4" headphone jack for cueing and monitoring. You will not piss your neighbors off whatsoever. I use this feature all the time and trust that my neighbors are very happy :)
You can use almost any controller with any software you just need to either download the mapping file or map the midi yourself. It also comes with Traktor which is a better software so you wouldn't need virtual dj.
Not sure about the apple products. With windows it doesn't matter if it is a laptop or desktop as they are but Windows operating systems. So yes it will work with both Windows laptop and desktop
My son had bought an Numark mix track and was not happy. Then we ordered this one and it Rocks! My son DJ's. Hope this helps you :)
I use pc with it, works fine
add it to your cart and checkout but dont place order, it will show shipping costs.
Have to be purchased separately. Comes with power and USB cord, nothing else.
there's a 1-year manufacturer's warranty, and NI might ask you to prove that you took care of the device and whatever went wrong wasn't due to mishandling.
Yes you can!
Yes, the hi-hat pedal trigger is included with the kit. The only things you don't get that you would need to play are a kick pedal, a throne, and sticks.
Yes
it will work with a double pedal yes, but my feet are too quick for it. I suggest two single pedals and two individual pads.
The DM10 brain has space for two more additions, but you will need to find another clamp and arm or something that will secure the tom.
It doesn't include any preloaded tracks but it does feature the mix input for practicing with an external audio source, such as an mp3 player or other comparable device.
Well, I already had Porta Pro Koss Headphones. And they do the job for me. But the bass drum sounds can sometimes crack.
Man, it was big and heavy. I almost gave up. I think it weighted by 25 to 30 Kilograms. I will check for you in the invoice. But, the actual problemas is the box volume. It almost did not fit ndice my Hyundai Tucson trunk.
Yes I Can
I'm pretty sure they sell a splitter of some sort that you can add as many as you would Like.
1 strip has 24LEDs I bought two of those to go with the set I bought before . That set came with 6 strips , 1 pair 12", 1 pair 8" and a pair of 4" but I needed more so I bought a pair of the 24" now am good to go
1 strip that has 24 LED lights on it
I didn't buy the long one I bought the 6 piece strips ... But yes they r very bright .. Especially at night ... It's of the chain
No 3M tape.......
12 inches
No they were not included.
I don't. Would love to find some extra parts myself.
Yes
No it doesn't come with stand but it does come with DMX controller box.
The unit is remains relatively cool to moderately warm but not Hot! I have had the display on for 12 hours straight and no over heating issues occurred. LEDS are cool to the touch.
You can hold it and it comes with a bag, which is size of regular book bag.
No, they do not.
The model I bought was made in Mexico
Yes it does.
there really isn't that much different between them, the biggest difference is, it is very hard to get most of the Japanese models in the US.
no it did not
With Fender if it doesn't say "American" before the series name like for example "Fender American Standard Strat". It will be from a factory in Mexico, Japan or Indonesia. This particular guitar is made in Mexico.
Yes. The least you would need would be self powered speakers that the 1/4" out attaches to.
The Shures are good but can be a bit overpriced at times. The GTD G-787H has been good so far and once the eq is set properly, it is very clear and dynamic.
You will need an amplification system of some sort depending on your usage. You will also need 4 xlr cables if you intend to control each mic separately from a sound mixing board. I will be happy to advise further if you provide me with more information on how you plan to use the system.
I have placed a copy of the manual that came with mine here: http://ge.tt/6cQQDXg1/v/0
Is not bnC not sure what the type is but I'm sure can be adapted to bring out back of rack
The mic clips are not included. But contrary to Donnie's reply - regular mic clips do NOT work. I can't imagine trying to squeeze them into a standard clip. Kowboy's suggestion of the Amc-418 is perfect. (And on sale for only $6.99 right now!)
It comes with a 1/4" but i bought 4 xlr cables. The mic set is junk however. I bought 1 and it broke within a month so i bought another and sent the first back for repair under warranty and they claim they did not receive it and now the second has the same problem so i paid a local repair shop $100 to fix it
Each microphone uses two AA batteries.
U can find them on Amazon
I don't know why you couldn't unless the freq are used for government there
Hi, Yes it does come with the Ilok.
Yes you can, there's a schematic map that shows you where you can plug things in to make this awesome thing run like a dream.
It actually ships with an unversioned digital voucher for the latest Pro Tools. As of now, that's a fully valid PT11 license.
Yes it can be used that way
it's a separate download at Avid
No
Yes. Several. And they are editable.
Yes
Yes.
No you don't , I use it with Locic pro. If you want to access amps and effects on the computer then yes you will need to install and activate PRO TOOLS. Use can jam this unit live straight into the PA or Daw of your choice for Recording no Pro tools required and you also have controls to different Amp models and Effects and cabinets and mics on the unit it self using the knobs
AC power and a flux capacitor
No Place for CDs in this machine. Do not recommend.
I believe 2.
I,m not sure. Call radio shack and they should be able to tell you.
Yes. it comes with one
Don't know haven't used it yet.
Comes with traktor LE NOT the full version.
you can use one, but it will look kinda dumb.
i used something like this the (Marathon Flight Road Case MA-CDJ9H12WLT) but there's a couple of different cases that can fit those. hope that helps
fully compatible all N.I. are compatible
Maschine has to be connected to a computer (Windows or Apple). You will be required to have speakers in order to hear the sounds as it will be played through the computer.
Yes, and don't forget to create an account online so you can always have the serial numbers and downloads. I just recently reinstalled my OS and the online account came in handy.
Comes with Komplete elements to get started some of the products will have free updates/upgrades like Kontact and Massive. When you register the product they send you a voucher on instruments but you will have to pay for the Maschine 2.0 software unless you buy the MkII Or Maschine studio. I have the original Mikro with all the upgrades and purchased Komplete 9 and some other sound packs and I love it!
well is not clear your 1st. question, but the second to locate samples, there are folders in native instruments machine in my documents in windows or in mac for user files and for win maschine default install are in program files native instruments machine in mac are in user library
depends what you want to do? if you have ableton maybe the apc40 i would say go with the maschine though, sampling, good sequencing software, and it comes with some samples/sounds too.
Yes
So long as your camera has an outlet for it, the H2N has the ability to do so.
The small USB power brick is so you can plug in the Zoom, so you won't run down the batteries during long sessions.
yes, it is very good in blocking background music.
I don't think you can mix that on the Zoom H2n itself, but this is easily done on a PC using software like Audacity or Audition -- I think the H4n might be able to do this on the Zoom itself as it has a basic mixer
That depends. We have not used it for that purpose. The best way would be to split both the mic input and the computer audio output, mix them and then record onto a recorder (this one or another) directly through the line in input.
Every thing I needed came from Amazon.
The device records a single stereo track at a time. If you want to record different tracks separately, you could conceivably do that and synchronize the tracks using software, but you would need something more capable in that regard (a digital audio workstation) than the included Wavelab LE (an audio editor).
We bought these for our 3M Peltor Lite Com - brand name mic covers were $9 each so i took a chance that these would fit & they do fit - Brand name would've cost so much more
I will use a small piece of velcro it works fine.
yes but they are a little bit bigger but still fit anyway.
Yes it worked fine
I have only used the Blue Parrot headset and can only advise, that it fits that. Have a Blessed Day! :o)
I'm not sure. I bought these for some cheap headset mics that have a small tip on the end.
these are only wind screens ... in other words the fuzzy things that go on the end of your mic and on your ear phones to prevent wind from messing your audio up
they'll fit. they will be big and you'll have to have a way to secure them or they'll fall right off
Yes they will fit very well. Good choice to have spares
Yes these will fit around the mic area, however it may be a slight stretch to get it to fit all the way down to where the mic section actually is. Personally I use small rubberbands (the type used to put braids in your hair) to fasten the windscreen snugly to my headset. I have posted a link to an image of my headset with windscreen attached to my mic boom, which is wider than the one on the H800, but you should get the idea. https://www.dropbox.com/s/8dqt37hbgq85k96/IMG_20131001_092328.jpg
Not like a piano. More resistant than a piano. But not too noticeable.
Same size yes. Fewer keys of course and the touch is different.
yes
It is listed as 40 x 7 x 18 and that's accurate. The book stand is not included in those dimensions. I don't see how it would fit on a desk drawer. Its a big piece of equipment. Its nice but its definitely not small.
My owners manual describes a system for connecting to an Amplifier or hi-fi equipment however if I were buying a keyboard to connect to a computer I would think about a better item than this instrument. The sound quality is not the greatest.
It did not come with a stand.
I am certain that headphones can be used but I'm not sure about a microphone.
Yes, but the speakers buzz when you set the volume above 50% it is very noticeable. I wouldn't recommend this at all.
I am certain that headphones can be used but I am not sure about a microphone.
I don't see one, only plug in is for headphones on our keyboard
I can't remember the brand, my sin has it in school. As if this an intermedia instrument, it sure sounds and performs like one. I used to play the trumpet in high school in the marching band, when I tried it it was in tune and the sound was great. It performed like a professional $800-$1200 trumpet. James
Trumpet
If he is new to brass, the mouthpiece that comes with it should do well for him. It is after all, a beginner's mouthpiece.
I don't know what the valves are made of but the band director at school loves it and let's my son play it in all band compitition. The down fall is that it is starting to tarnish slightly after just 9 months as well as the mouthpiece wearing its coating off
You need to open up the lid, next put valve oil in the area where it gets stuck, then close it and push several times (about 6-8 times). If that doesn't work, go to your local music store and ask the attendant to borrow a special compression tool for the trumpet. Good luck.
I didn't have issues with my valves for this trumpet, I will say that the 3rd valve slide on mine is very loose and has a tendency to slide down and out on a regular basis. The tuning slide itself also was well lubricated. I believe these horns come with valve oil in their cases. I do not recall, but you can never go wrong with Al Cass valve oil but it generally run $6 a bottle.
this is a Bb trumpet.
7c that is the size they will all come with. If you need a different size you have to order it separately
Hello there, Thank you for your inquiry. We offer a 30 day money back guarantee/warranty on all of our items. Best Regards, Daily Deals
Standard size
Not sure, but this keyboard is junk. Only lasted a few days
Any electronics store or electronics dept of a store. Check amazon too
No they are not. You get the same sound regardless of how hard or soft you hit the keys.
No. And it didn't last long enough for us to bother ordering one.
Some of the keys on mine never worked. I bought it for Christmas last tear and the wRranty run out before Christmas. I still have it at home
My problem was similar. Some of the keys don't work. I still have it from Christmas. Had to buy my granddaughter a new one from Walmart.
The. Warranty was only good for 30 days. I bought the keyboard for Christmas as a gift for my granddaughter. In November. Now I'm stuck with the keyboard that doesn't work and I had to go buy another at walmart. Best bet is to buy local so you can try it out first.
The keyboard itself is about 3 feet wide. The keys are the same size as regular piano keys (they aren't mini keys). Hope that helps!
Before you buy- realize you can't return wo a restocking fee and you pay shipping again, even if its defective. No stand- its not good quality like yamaha. Returned it and won't deal w this seller again. Not happy w them at all!
No this doesn't run on battery. We need to connect it to plug whenever we want to play.
I plug into the usb port of my computer.
Polyphony is controlled by the software synth / sampler you are using... this just sends midi notes. As far as which is the best, I can only speak for the Impulse 61. Works great for me!
Yup works with Mavericks 10.9.2 via Automap on Logic Pro X, Presonus Studio One 2, Ableton Live, Just to name a few.
The answer is yes, with a catch. The Novation Inpulse is USB bus powered and draws more power than the iPad puts out. I was easily able to get around this by using my powered USB hub (D-Link DUB-H4 plugged in with the camera connection kit. I love this controller! I use it with Alchemy, Animoog, Arturia iSEM, Garage Band, & Cubasis to name a few. Hope this helps.
It is a MIDI controller it has no sound stored on it yes you'll need to hook it up to the computer to get sounds or connect it to a synth rack/box for sound. So it can function without the computer but you'll need a synth rack for sound and you need power via USB such as a USB outlet adapter.
While I have not used it with a Yamaha Motif, I have used it with a QS series worked well. It is extremely easy to transpose. It was easily one of my best investments.
I'm not sure on a technical level how much signal boost this pedal can provide, and I've seen nothing online either, but I've used it straight into a PA without a guitar amp (it's an amp simulator so that sounds pretty good) and it had more than enough signal to work with.
I have indeed tried this on my bass. I ran my Fender USA Jazz bass with flatwounds through my electric guitar pedalboard and out to my 1974 Musicman HD130 head through 2x10 cab at my church. Excellent crunch distortion. I was surprised actually. Worked great through compressor than AC Tone. Had a some great bite to the tone. I didn't want to buy another "just for bass" pedal and I'm glad I tried this one out first. Totally punchy and growly. It turns heads for sure. I also got some really great ambient lows (imagine long sustaining synths) with the combination of the AC Tone (took some fiddling to set to bass, as opposed to my electric), volume pedal for swells, through my delay pedals.. then later, my Strymon Blue Sky Reverb pedal (sometimes with the shimmer effect). Hope that helps. I don't think it was meant for bass necessarily, but it does the job for the one or two songs I needed.
Nope. You need your own.
Probably, I find it noisy in the effects loop of my amp. Not so much directly into input.
my husband use it to copy cd's of all kind.it's an excellent machine and fast. wonderful investment.
No, it operates totally independent of anything else. We've had good luck with ours.
There is a groove for the smaller dvd's. If it is placed correctly in the machine and closed properly it is possible to duplicate them. Sometimes the rpms will 'float' it and you may get an error message.
Ten inches. Very compact.
Rudy - No, it is strictly a CD/DVD duplicator. But you can copy files from your PC to a CD first if you want to make multiple copies of those files, such as photos, music, etc.
No
If it is a DVD you probably will have to get a dual layer blank DVD. Some if the DVD blanks that are single layer don't have enough space
2 or 3 minutes
As far as I know, you can only copy the entire CD/DVD. Because the Coystars duplicator could not meet our needs, (keeps on giving us error message) we had to return it.
It plugs into a regular 120 volt plug in.
The Tab Station has a vertical piece 2" long that screws into a microphone stand that is not included.
It is the same width as the Samsung Tab which slips through the clips unless there is a protective cover i.e. silicon, on the tablet - then it will fit securely. I've used the Castiv 3-5 times a week for a year and it is showing no signs of wear. Overall very happy with this product.
It fits a Kindle Fire very well at 7.5" x 4.7" w. Not quite sure of the dimensions of your HD.
No, its too small for the iPad 2. It fits an iPad mini.
Yes, but if you have a
Any mic within 1 1/8" diameter.
Yes
it should
Yes
Not "As-is". You will need to remove the clip and add (possibly) an adapter like this one (to fit the Samson clip that came with your mic): http://www.amazon.com/Stage-MA100-8-Inch-Female-Adapter/dp/B0007Y60HG/ref=sr_1_1?s=electronics&ie=UTF8&qid=1412229229&sr=1-1&keywords=mic+stand+adapter
not sure. i bought behringer mics but can't get them plugged into my synthesizer. bought everything blind. meaning i had never played an instrument or used a microphone and upon going to korg's website (my synthesizer brand)was treated like a moron so good luck
From what i've seen this stand is too small for the iklip, but i do not have an iklip to be sure
it has a standard sized thread for a mic clip, so while you will probably need a specific mic clip (the one provided probably won't work, but one probably came with your mic) that mic clip will most absolutely fit this stand and it will work great
It works via Bluetooth so as long as its an iPod touch, it should work fine.
If you buy the wireless version. There are two versions.
I don't have the wired one, I have the wireless one, but the piece needs to be plugged into the iPad. I will assume the wired one needs to be plugged in as well
I haven't tried it yet
yes. that is what my son uses it with. keep in mind that the video portion of the app only works with one of predetermined Disney songs. So, you can't use that feature with other itunes music.
It can only be used with the disney app it comes with and frankly, the thing was pretty crappy. My daughter got tired of the canned music is comes with in about 5 minutes.
Yes, your daughter can use it to sing whatever she wants, but you have to download the lyrics alone and put in by I tunes!
I can't seem to make it work with the iPad Mini - injury added becuase we had to buy the firewire adapter - $40!
I have the same problem. This item is advertised as being compatible with IPADs and I assumed all of them. Big disappointment!
Yes, if it is a box of about 1200 of them
Yes and yes to answer your questions. I lost my old one (last year's x-mas gift) so I got two of them, they really work for me and I find them very easy to operate.
Cr2032 button type - mine was in when I got it.
It should work fine with any instrument you can clamp it onto. I has a chromatic tuner setting that I have used for Bass, Guitar and Uke and it will tell you what pitch it receives and when it is exactly on that note.
Yes. I have a Fender Ft-004 on my Telecaster right now. I just tuned it. It is NOT connected to the amp. The vibration, like a tuning fork, carries thru the wood to the Ft-004. I own 3 of them so far.
Yes this tuner is actually made for tuning acoustic guitars. I also use it to tune my Gibson electric guitar, but I do it when I have it unplugged. This is the best tuner I have found and easy to use. The screen is blue and when you hit the correct tuning the screen turns green. There is also a needle that shows if you are sharp or flat to know which way to turn the tuning knob.
Yes. You can use the chromatic mode to tune any string to any note frequency. All you need to know is what each string should be tuned to for drop D (or any other tuning). If you do not know the notes then it is a good idea that you learn them :)
Yes
Probably the smallest one you have, it has to be very very small like a glasses one.
it's a chromatic tuner and it picks the vibration from the instrument, so it should work with any instrument that has a large enough section where the tuner can be clipped. Looking at pictures of hammer dulcimers in Google I see that it has a box structure and I don't see where it could be clipped. Maybe the best option for it would be a tuner like a Korg CA1 or similar with a clip on adapter like the Korg CM-100L that could be clipped in the sound hole.
China
No gig bag. Comes double-boxed and well-protected in cardboard. Case sold separately.
Yes
it is much lighter than the les paul and lighter than an american strat
That's correct. This guitar was made in China and the serial number is on the back of the head stock.
It's 9.4 lbs with batteries installed.
according to Fender warranty page ( http://support.fender.com/warranty/FENDER_5-YEAR_ELECTRONIC_PRODUCTS_WARRANTY_9-2001.pdf ) looks like 5 years for USA and Canada. I assume this falls under "electronics". Says transferrable warranty, but I can't imagine wanting to get rid of it. Girlfriend dropped it one time on concrete. No harm, no foul. BTW I added a couple of strap buttons below carrying handle screws, so can sling over shoulder. I walk a long time with it and guitar each day.
By phantom power, do you mean for a microphone? Answer would be no, this is aimed at just instrument amplification. You could look at the Fender Passport mini, which has dedicated channel for mic. I think it is about $20 more, very similar to the mini but has that channel and still have access to great Fender Fuse settings tweaking. I'd get one to haul back to Asia, but didn't have room. Next time for me. Here is link: http://www.amazon.com/Fender-Passport-Mini-Portable-System/dp/B00AWMR9SC/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1368410621&sr=8-1&keywords=fender+passport+mini
I could say why does a Corvette cost more than an Blazer? I would guess part of the answer has to do with dual power capabilities, maybe making it small.... one advantage of using batteries is not worrying about line noise. I own both Mini & Mustang 1. Mustang 1 sounds better but can't take it to the beach is short answer. Both very good, imho.
If you look at the Amazon page on this product it has two photos. The second one is a shot to the top control panel which shows the setting selection. Hope this helps
yes. it has a aux input. for cd or any audio. a small stereo cord like one for your cell phone is needed.
Should be no problem if acoustic/electric uke. If you have to use a mic then might look at Passport mini, which has dedicated mic input.
No.
I'd look at the Fender Rumble Bass Amps, they are made for bass and there are several different sizes and price ranges to choose from.
Yes, 100-240 volts so can use anywhere there is plug, besides battery option. Great amp.
Yes.
I don't see why not. This is great sounding amp for most players. It's really light for it's size and for an acoustic amp it gets pretty loud. It has a lot of good on board setting to create reverb, chorus, delay, etc. Using a loop pedal wouldn't be a problem and you'll get some great sounds to layer to create cool tunes!
The Fender Acoustasonic 150 is a very capable amp. I am not familiar with the Acoustasonic 90. I can't compare the two.
No, the only inputs are for guitars/instruments in Channel 1, guitars/instruments/microphone (phantom power is supplied) in Channel 2, and stereo effects loop. There is also no headphone output jack. The amp does sound great, has a wide range of tonality and effects (yes, great for acoustic guitar), and is extremely light.
no
Yes, it has reverb, chorus, and delay, or a selectable combination of any two of these - and other settings as well.
It's a set of six. It also comes with the proper amount of tiny screws.
The length of the tuning cylinder is one inch. String holes are at 5/8ths and 7/8ths on that shaft. The lenhth of the worm gear (only the threaded part) is very slightly over 1/2 inch. The plate that the whole key sits on is 5/8ths wide X 1/14th inch long.The length of the entire key (worm gear, shaft and plastic nut) is 1 5/8ths inches.The space on the plate where the screw holes are located are 1 inch apart. Hope that helps.
No-measures 6mm,when I checked
You could add one if you like, but you don't need one. The plastic rings that they come with hide the 1/4" hole edges where the peg comes through.
Yes, this is the entire tuning machine. You screw it into the guitar headstock, put your new string through it, then turn it until it's in tune. The package includes the screws to attach it to the headstock. Just double-check the dimension of this tuning machine to make sure it's as long as your current tuning machine.
Sorry, no gram scale. They aren't heavy. They are cheap and light.
Dear customer, yes, we have stick. thanks.
Yes
they measure 5/8" tall and 1 1/4th long. So, the thickness of your head can be no thinner than 5/8th inch. The peg its self is 1 1/4th long and features a low and high string hole.
Yes, that is correct -- the keys light up to show you which note to play for each song in the piano's recorded library. When you push "play" for any of the 110 included songs, each key will light up in turn to guide your fingers. Other information including the number of the finger on each of your hands that you should use to play each key also will appear in the small screen in the middle. In addition, you can slow the pace of the tune down using the "tempo" button if you want to learn it very slowly. The progressive "lesson" buttons also can help with that.
Yes, the lights can be turned off. It's a pretty amazing keyboard.
41 X 8 X 18
See page E-36 here... http://support.casio.com/pdf/008/Web_LK240_165-E-1A.pdf
Sorry it has taken me so long to respond. The keyboard has 16 tones.
yes! I bought a $20 mic with a 1/4'' connection and it sounds great on this thing! you can even add a few different levels of reverb on it. sounds great!
Chances are, it's most likely your power cord/adapter. I work at a Radio Shack and we sell that same lighted keyboard. You can check it by taking the keyboard into a Radio Shack, and they'll be able to look at the power adapter, test it, and recommend a replacement which is part of their store stock. Average price of a power adapter like that should be anywhere from 15 to 30 bucks. :-)
No... not in the true sense of the word where pressing lightly yields a quite ("pianismo", if you will!) tone and striking the key gives a louder tone. However, they do offer sustain such that the note will be sustained while you hold down the key. Some sampled sounds even change the longer you hold the key... but, that is more information than you asked for! Good luck with your decision.
Yes. At least the one I received within my shipment about two months ago (Casio's original label) is rated AC 100~240v 50~60 Hz 0.3A. Of course with US flat prongs.
I don,t know if I can help or not but here goes, on the power supply-the ac adaptor, the input is; 100-240v - 50-60Hz O.3A, output; 9.5A---1.OA, my guess is yes it is compatible.
Yes, you can. You just hold down the Function/Key Light button on the bottom right, then push the (-) button in the number pad until the screen reads Keylight off. Push the (+) to turn them back on.
It does not.
there are too many to list here, but you can see the list at the Casio website in the instruction manual on page E-68 http://support.casio.com/storage/en/manual/pdf/EN/008/LK280_EN.pdf
On the top/above the keys/both sides. Soft covering of Light Gray to match.
The keyboard will not remember the previous settings when starting up.
I haven't gone that far but the Casio manual for this keyboard indicates "Recording and playing back keyboard play, recording while playing along with a built-in song, saving recorded data on an external device" (pages E-44 to E-48). You may have to ask advanced users if voice recording can be made. I assumed it is possible with microphone hooked to the back of the instrument.
Unfortunately, we are unable to ship any of our Amazon orders outside of the United States.
Unfortunately, we are unable to ship any of our Amazon orders outside of the United States.
Not that I could find, looked at all the song books.
Didn't come with one, came with headphones. Really nice unit...
No it does not come with a pedal.
This comes with the traditional 1 year manufacturer's warranty from mechanical defects. Be sure to save your receipt and all paperwork in case there is an issue within the one year.
37 inches.
The headphones come with a small adapter to convert the standard 3.5mm stereo plug, to a 6.3mm(1/4") plug.
make sure the adapter is connected into you Casio in order for your headphones to work.
Yes. This is a standard musical keyboard.
There must be something which fits the output jack. It comes with the keyboard.
The package does
I am not sure, we have not even been able to get the headphones to work.
It did, however, they weren't the right size and we were unable to use them with the keyboard.
Would be nice! But, no.
There is a tiny adapter in the same box as the headphones. May be it fell out of it, and you just have to look around in all those boxes and plastic bags a bit (because it is in the separate little bag). It's really small, but it does come with the whole package. Hopefully, you'll find it.
I think they are merely spring loaded and do not have a piano touch. They are so easy to depress that if you shake a little you will get sounds from unoccupied fingers that very lightly touch keys. Playing "clean" requires a different technique than on the piano.
No. The keyboard has a volume control. The keys make the same sound no matter the touch pressure.
AC Adaptor 120V
There is a music stand built in.
Unfortunately, we are unable to ship any of our Amazon orders outside of the United States.
THis was a gift I really do't know sorry/
There are various organ sounds on it for this exact keyboard push number eleven.
THis was a gift to a niece living in a new apartment. She loves it. No problems. JP
They're actually very accurate mics, in my opinion. In that low of a price range I think you'll find them to be better, however they are pretty susceptible to noise, whether it's from interference, wind (even just from moving them), or the rumbling of handling the unit while you're recording. If you use external mics you don't get the handling noise, but the wind can be protected against with a wind screen. Despite all that noise stuff, I'm very happy with the internal mics! You just have to be careful while handling the unit when it's recording with them.
Yes and you'll never use it
It's a great little unit. Be aware it DOES drift out of sync over time. You can use third party software to correct for it in editing or speed up the audio file in your editing system by 100.008%. Not a problem for videos less than about 15 minutes...no corrections necessary. Anything longer and you'll need to compensate for it. Otherwise it's a very useful and versatile device....I love it.
I use this cheap Vaultz locking 24 CDcase that I just tore the CD sleeve out of. It fits perfectly! http://www.amazon.com/Vaultz-Locking-Capacity-Acrylic-VZ00100/dp/B004Q84TJ0/ref=sr_1_13?ie=UTF8&qid=1406781807&sr=8-13&keywords=vaultz+cd+case
Absolutely. No problem. Use either the provided mics or use the inputs for a preferred mic and you're good. Good luck, have fun.
Yes you can. You have the option of XLR or 1/4" (the big plugs, not the typical 3.5mm headphone jack that you see on mp3 players and cell phones and such). That being said, if you want a true stereo input into it you need a splitter that separates the right and left channels into 2 mono channels. If your keyboard has a 3.5mm jack you can use this: http://www.amazon.com/Hosa-CMP153-Cable-Inch-Dual/dp/B000068O3C/ref=sr_1_6?ie=UTF8&qid=1374508775&sr=8-6&keywords=1%2F4+headphone+splitter+dual+mono I haven't been able to find a proper splitter plug in 1/4" size... But I have used adapters to make it happen: http://www.amazon.com/Parts-Express-Stereo-Female-Adapter/dp/B000TTHVYK/ref=sr_1_15?s=electronics&ie=UTF8&qid=1374509019&sr=1-15&keywords=stereo+1%2F4%22 http://www.amazon.com/Hosa-Cable-GPR101-Inch-Adaptor/dp/B000068O3S/ref=pd_bxgy_e_img_z If your keyboard has xlr outputs, you can use this: http://www.amazon.com/Hosa-YXM121-Female-Dual-Cable/dp/B000068O59/ref=sr_1_17?s=musical-instruments&ie=UTF8&qid=1374509161&sr=1-17&keywords=xlr+stereo Just make sure to change the setting ont he Tascam to use the inputs instead of the internal mics.
To answer your question, I am wondering what you meant by mounted to since almost, if not all, have a mounting receiver on the bottom. The DR-40 cannot mount to the bottom. My suggestion is to try the DR-60, which I also own, which could then be mounted to a tripod. There are two ways to introduce audio to video, either by directly feeding into the camera using either the internal mic, plugging in an external mic, plugging an external mic to a digital recorder then plugging in to the camera, or by using video software and syncing on a computer. You don't sync at time of recording since it is in real time. It is why a clapperboard is used if you are using a digital recorder and the internal mic at the same time. At the time of editing, you line up the audio spikes from both the internal mic and the auxiliary audio tracks and then mute the internal mic track. That is simplifying the way you sync audio. I might suggest getting the DR-60 instead since it also has an headphone jack out which allows you to listen in real-time to the audio. Personally, I prefer to capture audio as much as I can by using a Rhode mic plugged into the camera, then another mic plugged into the DR-60. This way there are two audio sources and I can decide later which one sounds better. I could not find any tech data to see if the A65 had a mic input. Hope that helps.
It really depends on what computer you have, what you're using to get your mics into the computer, etc. It also really depends on what you're recording and what it's for. It all depends on the situation really. I know when it comes to doing film and on-set dialogue I definitely want to use the recorder. It's portable, lightweight, and it's basically direct input from the mic. When it comes to most everything else though: instruments, vocals, voice overs, etc. then I'd go with the computer. I like being able to see the waveform, which you can't do on the DR-40. You can see when it clips and then general level but not the waveform. It really depends on the situation as I said. For instrument and vocal recording, get a mixer and run everything into the computer, recording with Pro Tools or Audition. I'd say this device is most optimized for film work. It's great for getting mics into a pocket recording device. It's portable and easy and lightweight. Without the mics it is also really good for getting spacious sound environments.
No, while technically it can record four tracks, they are essentially two stereo tracks based on three inputs sources. The built in mics will create a single left and right stereo track, the external inputs will create a left and right stereo track also. You can use a software program to break them out into four mono tracks, but the built in mics will essentially be the same source. I hope this helps
Any will really do, as long as the plug fits. It is not shown in the picture but it has the ability to accept a 1/4in jack. I use a Sony Shotgun mic when I am recording video, when I'm recording just a person talking I use a condenser mic, and when I am recording a guitar and a person singing I use the condenser mic along with the on board mics.
No it does not and it is not a bad mixer but it was not compatible with my DJ software
Yes
No
If you get the new one without the ipod mount in it....then yes ....maybe..for one reason the new one would ...would be because it only takes one usb drive to load on both decks... The old model with the ipod mount would take a usb for both decks inorder to mix ....
No this mixer its not compatible with rekordbox but i reccomend you to use virtual dj 8 or traktor pro 2
Yes you can as well as plug a IPod to it
no you cant it's a great controller for any computer DJ program. I will actually replace your turntables.
Very good
the only compatibility that exists is if you purchase a serato remote application, then that can control your laptop and console. Apart from that, i don think that you ipad can control the numark directly.
If you purchase third party software such as Traktor, it works fine, at least it does for me. I have not tried Serato Intro on Windows 8. But odds are it will work fine as well.
Yes you can use the unit with in all mixing and karaoke systems, it is all a matter of how it's connected. By google you can find different conecting possibilities. I do hope this was helpful, good luck jim
Yes it has audio in and out lacks and we often use it between the pickup and the amp just fine.
Basically, chorus, delay, some Concert Hall-like chamber effects. It's a convenient, no nonsense unit if you don't want to program in such effects on your synth (and ok for guitar as well).
This Duplicator only copied CD's or DVD that have already been created. If you create a compilation CD on your computer then this machine can make copies of that disk. We use it in a church to copy our services to send to our shut in members.
No it just burns CD's I had to purchase a light scribe burner to do labels. Had I known this to would have purchased a Copystars duplicator that does light scribe then I could stamp labels on CD's
Yes
I make and record all of my CD' s with song names and album title using roxio as my CD software and I have never had a problem I have never tried to copy a store bought. If I can be any more help e-mail me a countrygospelbybruce@hotmail.com
no
It is working great! No problems at all.
No it will not
Jessie, I have had no Problems at all. Really nice.
Please explain your question
I use the Dopystars DVD duplicator at our police department and copy dvd's from Walmart on shoplifting cases and accidents on the parking lot. I've had plenty of success with the copier. It normally takes 3-4 minutes to make a copy for prosecutors and defense attorneys. Very pleased with this product! I hope you find this helpful.
It makes 2 copies at the same time of the original disc
No you can't
This was for my husband who has never used a computer, so, no, you do not need a computer. He says it is very easy to use. Hope this helps.
No, Just CD to CD and non copy guard DVD to DVD. Hope that helps...... Ed
Yes. First you have to purchase DVDs or CDs that are printable. Then a printer that will print on these disk. I use an Epson Artisan 835 All in One printer. Design you disk with a program that designs disk cover that has print fonts and designed. You can also use pictures on the cover or even design your own. This is all done on my MAC.
No. You will need to digitize the LPs and the 45's then burn them to a CD before inserting them into the duplicator. I am converting all my albums to CD and SD cards and am using the Roxio computer program, but there are several programs that can be used to import the tracks ( you hook up your turn table to your computer via an audio cable into the computer's microphone jack) and then , through the computer program you import the music, and last, you burn the tracks to the disc. It really is not difficult.
Have not tried to copy blueray movies. As far as othere new DVDs its a gamble some are coded or something but for most of what I have tried I have been successful.
Overview Specification Warranty Reviews Packaging Warranty 1 year for parts and 3 years for labor warranty. Support Lifetime unlimited technical support, firmware update support. Return shipping Buyer responsible for return shipping.
I never tried. I am pretty sure that it will though. It duplicates any DVD. Any size it doesn't matter. All it does is duplicates whatever you put in the top slot. It is a fantastic machine. I use to make my DVD's and burn them for a church among other organizations. It won't duplicate a copyrighted dvd though.
It depends on which model you buy. The one I've got burns 7 at one time. It will tell you how many DVDs the unit will burn in the deception.
I think yes I just copied a worship album with a intro page and you have to click to get started so yes is my final answer lol. I will say I of the duplicatators has pooped out leaving me with 6 still which still works our protection needs. :) Grady O'
Replace the power cord with another one
Sorry, can not do that.
No it does not have a usb port.
No it standard computer case wide 7 1/4
I don't know why you couldn't use any brand. I have only used verbatim brand
Yes u can
The question is what is your plug... it has a 3 point microphone standard... and 1/4" jack in one plus you can find an adapter that fits into the 3 point so you can do mini jacks... it also has phantom power... so, I don't think it is a problem. The only problem I have experienced with it is that you cannot "listen in the ear phone" when you are recording which is a feature I really wanted for video as well... it isn't 100% the kind of device you would hope for.
That's how I use it on both my iphone and ipad. You just can't hear the mic live through the headphones while recording. It works great.
As long as you can use a combination earphone/microphone in the headphone jack you can use this product.
I doubt it. This device only allows the hookup and doesn't offer corrections for any problems with apps in use.
I've only gotten a condenser mike to work with this and have only used it for one instrument at a time. Of course it will record sound into an iPad. I wouldn't expect the quality to be great with everything piled into one track if that's what you had in mind.
Yes it does plug a 3.5 mm plug and you should be able to plug it into the microphone port of a laptop/phone
That more depends on your speakers more than the interface. If the speakers are loud enough to play music from your ipad to said room, then I don't see it being a problem. I use my speakers to play back while mixing down in Garage Band and it does fine.
I have not been able to listen to earphones through this device. That is for whet I bought it and it was useless for me.
i really don't know -all i can say is the input to the phone is just a generic stereo mini-jack that would fit the earphone plug of any smartphone. There is no iphone specific software or interface, so my guess is it would work with any phone that can record from its headphone jack, but you will have to try it to find out.
Yes, the iPad mini uses the same TRRS connection as the iPhone, iPod, and regular iPad, so it ought to work fine.
The price shown is for one speaker and each speaker handles 7000 watts
Just one
No, the price is for one. They are great speakers, but very heavy. I just did an outside event for OLG Festa, and they performed wonderfully!
Not sure, I have Shure/SRH440 headphones and they fit perfect without having to disconnect cable from headset.
It's a big case. It will pretty much fit any headphones. What you might run into is that there is too much space. I fit both my sennheiser hd 25 and big Koss headphones in it so that my headphones dont get damaged sliding around in the case. Also they added a small pouch with a zipper which is nice.
Yes
I do not own any of those. It might fit but it will be tight. I am using it with a Focal Spirit Professional and and iPod. They fit fine.
This is an extremely large case and just about any headset will fit. I purchased this for my Parrot and it was in my opinion to large. I just purchased a new case from them that works much better.
I use the UDG case for a Sennheiser HMD280--which has an attached microphone. While it is possible to partially fold this headphone I can store it unfolded and still have room for a short 3' 1/4 to XLR cable and some plugs. I noticed that the HD428 does not fold but, because of the size of my HMD280s (which are massive) you will probably have no problem with the UDG for your HD428s. It's a nice case and will give good protection to the headphone. Gook luck!
I'm not entirely sure they fit. It's a great case but you need to find out if the measurements are compatible.
Yes, it will fit the Harmon kardon. But the hk maybe a little thin for it. I guess you will have room for other things like a charger or external battery device.
I think so. You can plug in a phone/ipod etc and it plays whats on your phone. There is no volume control on the amp for that but I think a mic would work but no volume control.
You probably would require a voltage adapter.
As long as you can adapt out of pc or laptop to a 1/4 inch plug to insert to amp, be careful how hot a signal you send, I would turn volume on pc down and slowly increase input to desired volume.
The jack is a standard mp3 head phone jack you can pick up almost any store that sells electronics you can also get adapters if you cant get a straight hook up
Yes, It has a power on light for both modes. One red and one green.
It's still mono when plugged into the amp. Thank you.
Yes you can
Yes you can
No it does not, it has a three prong cord that plugs into a wall socket
No
sure, just plag it in
Closed and if you want to change that you're better off just buying open back cab.the speaker jack is attached to the wood backing itself
The speaker cables are included, but a foot switch is not.
The head is 15w and each 10inch spkr is 15 w@8ohms. This is a killer lil amp such a Marshall in everyway. great lookin and rockin use for home or pratice and small gigs. Buy one!!
No. The only real Marshalls would be made in the United Kingdom and would cost a lot. This one is made in Vietnam. Hope this helped. Thanks, Mike
Yes
Made for those two cabs specifically..
Product Dimensions: 15.2 x 37.4 x 9.4 inches ; 41.2 pounds
Yes it is a full cabinet. Each one has a speaker in it.Keep in mind that it is a micro stack, so it is reduced size. Hope this helped. Thanks, Mike.
Buy a cable bro
It says 23.8 pounds and that seems right.
Just regular 110V. Nice amp.
Nah man. I looked something up like that before. Its either your wiring in your house or you need to get your amp checked. Mine kinda makes a sound like that on OD2 on almost full gain and volume when my guitar is plugged in though. So check the wiring or you amp if nothing is plugged in and making that noise. Hope this helps.
I wouldn't you might blow the speakers.
It's like the perfect practice amp. Great sound at low levels, but maintains the quality at high levels too if you want to jam out.
Yes
I consider that the sound is mono, when anyone plug in some device. This amp is perfect for me, I usually use it for practice with a guitar processor. I consider that is strong, with a beautiful clean design. Its sound is compact and strong like a lion. The quality of its parts are perfect. Recomend it for amateurs like me, who wants quality and price.
110
no, you cannot use two guitars. also the gain option is not so good , i would play clean with an added fuzz pedal.
Did you watch the video that Andrew Morrish uploaded? It goes through everything very well, in a step by step fashion. You can see it here:
Yes comes with everthing including pic up....to.....
Mine never came with templates...which really sucked but i ended up using a dial caliper to get my measurements, I don't know them off hand but I'll measure it tomorrow and get back to you unless someone else knows before then, btw this system works great, and I the only complaint I have other than no templates is the pick up raises the bridge way to high, even after cutting/sanding it down, I have yet to fix it but I will need to grind out some of the wood under the bridge and pickup, figure id just wait till a string change
Yes. Both the 1/4 plug (Hi Hz) and the XLR (Low Hz) output are in one unit that is housed with the 9 volt battery. This unit is the powwer source. It is connected to the circuit board in the pre amp via a wire. I understand that the 1/4 goes to your guitar. Or you can plug the XLR output directly into mixer board. I do not know how the signal
Yes,the unit comes with everything....complete...
No.
I would not buy this item. It stopped working for me within 2 weeks.
Not sure what you mean: do you mean will the pick up work with another equalizer? It may do, but I expect the plug is different on the end of the pickup and might need changing. Otherwise, if you fit the unit a a whole, it should work fine provided you can fit the pickup under the bridge ok.
It does but you have to cut the holes. Be careful where and how you cut out for the unit. You will have to trim your saddle to make room for the pickup also. I have installed two of them they work great for the price.
Sorry, can't supply you with the answer.
It has 2 ports for external pads. The dual zone pads actually use a stereo 1/4 inch cable. In theory, you could use a splitter and break it out into 4 pads split between the 2 inputs. I have not tried this on the SPD-SX, but I know this process does work with other Roland products.
The manufacturer has some video links on the product page that should get you started. http://www.rolandus.com/products/details/1177
What is the purpose? Are you trying to jam along to the track and have the bass line be a perfect loop every time? If that is the case then yes, have him play to a click. If you plug in directly or from a bass amp you can set the sample to start recording when he starts playing, but you will have to manually end the loop at the end of the measure or phrase. Then listen back to it and see how it sounds, if its not perfect you can edit the start/end point of the loop. It can be difficult to get a perfect loop but not impossible. Hopefully that helps!
Absolutely YES! You can plug up to 4 trigger pads in the back (mono) Inputs are labeled (1/2) and (3/4). You must use an INSERT CABLE if you use 4 pads. Hope this helps :)
According to Roland, "* Use USB Flash Memory sold by Roland. We cannot guarantee operation if other products are used."
Not at all, though they are shaped to be struck with the shoulder of the stick, which effects volume sensitivity in a way.
No limit really, but the limit is the internal memory of youd SX. Within that memory, you can have clips as long as you want.
Hi there, there are limited samples in the SX but with the blank samples it allows the user to download an unlimited selection of wav files. Other formats can be converted to wav format using a free third party converter.
Yes. It's a switching power supply that can be use on 100 - 240V.
This is great for church activities. There are three bands for this series, so you can have more than one going at the same time. If you use more than one on the same band, it will cause a static sound. The best thing is that it runs off of only one AA battery. The bad thing is that the handset will pick up any tapping like putting it down on a table or tapping it with anything. My suggestion would be to keep the gain at about 9 o'clock and turn up the channel on your mixer.
The universal clips hold nicely.
No, they can NOT be used simultaneously in the same area.
yes friend needs to be plugged to the mains of electric and to the console or amplifier, works great.
Hey buddy. You need a 1/4 inch plug cable. You can find it like Instrument cable here in amazon.
If you camera had a plug 1/4 could be used
Yes it is a good mic
No you cannot. unless you hook it up to your computer and use it as a controller. That is the only reason i returned this device. Otherwise it is awesome.
The specs are: Input 120V-60Hz 9W. Output 12V=500mA. Negative - Tip/Positive + Sleeve. Adapter model A31250. Brand Sino-American. Hope this helps. John
Thats depends on the complexity and the kind of music you are thinking. This machine was planned to be as a beat maker, so you can make a complete song with its on built 3 part sequencer. Obviously its better for hiphop related music, but still found very useful for a vast range of music styles. Very good for entry level, even medium range. No sampling functionality, but still good enough pre loaded high quality samples, cover almost any musical style (but again, better for hiphop). Anyway its a sequencer monster with midi capabilities, so you are able to control midi modules and sound generators.
It's more like 9 inches long, 7.5 inches wide, and like 2 inches tall. Not sure about the weight, but 3.8lbs seems a little heavy. It's more like 2.8lbs to 3lbs with batteries.
No. Not from my experience. If you learn different I would like to know. God luck!
No
Yes on the different pattern it does
if your working with a mpc stick with it it's nowhere near a mpc status
Only if your already experienced in this field. Other wise you may be a little lost. It's a pretty simple little machine.
The music is saved internally, I'm guessing on some sort of chip. No USB, or HDMI on the model I have. It has MIDI and 1/4 audio outputs. You can plug a microphone into it but I didn't see anything in the manual about vocal effects.
No this is not an iPad
is a kind of computer
Yes, they're so-called combo sockets, allowing for both a quarter inch jack as well as XLR
Yes.
yes
Yes I have been using in it with 8.1 with no issues.
Yes. The sound quality depends on your guitar and sound processors attached to your guitar. 2i2 records incoming signals up to at 24 bit 96 kHz precision.
Yes this is a great devices for recording yourself singing. The device has two inputs both of which can act as either line input (quarter inch found on "guitar cords") or midi input (found on microphones). In addition the device has two line outs on the back. In order to record yourself you will need a microphone (Shure SM58 is a great, inexpensive mic), a cable to connect the mic, a computer to plug this device into, and some type of recording software. This device comes with recording software in the form of the lite version of Ableton Live if I am not mistaken. This interface produces fantastic quality recordings. If you are looking for a recording solution that does not require being attached to a computer or requiring an additional mic a "4 track recorder" is what you'd want to look into. My personal recommendation for a 4 track recorder is to see if you can find a Korg toneworks/pandora PXR4. This will produce very good quality recording but not as good as the Scarlet 2i2. I hope this helps!
Hi Mona, There is no need for you to worry about 220v or 110v power source. It runs when you connect it to your laptop or computer via USB. It is powered by USB.
Yeah that's how you do it! Weird I have the exact same set up, I bought the limited edition gold rokit 5s from guitar center a month or two ago. All you gotta do is go into your control panel and click on sound and devices, and set the Scarlett as your input and output. So the sound from your computer goes out to your interface then out from there to the rokits. Hope this helped!
I don't think it will. My SX fits petty snug and the SZ is a good amount larger
I have an SX in mine - works great. Plenty of room for my Retina 15 too. Great case, but I don't know if I would say it has "flight" level of protection as it is a soft side case.
yes it is, the dimensions are 28x14x5.5 while the xdj aero is 25x11x4 so you should have a little space left over but fear not, this bag comes with pads & straps that you can use to keep it from sliding.
I'm not sure as I only have the DDJSX
Yes
I'm not sure but fit very well pioneer ddj sx. Check the size of the pioneer ddj sx, so u will know that it's good for urs. It's pretty good. U can put a lot things inside that case including ur dj set, ur laptop, wire, microphone etc.
try the Magma CTRL Case ERGO Case for Pioneer DDJ-ERGO DJ instead, should meet your requirements
&#304;t's completely suitable for pioneer ddj-t1,that i'm using. &#304;f numars(which one you'll use i dont know) diameters are similar to ddj.t1, you can love it..
I use this bag for the NS6 it has adjustable straps to hold controller plus adjustable velcro padding , it has several pockets and can carry you laptop as well as cables its great to get in and out of gigs with, when i go to a club with it i don't have to carry the big metal odyssey case.
It is and actually has a lot of pieces inside to arrange for perfect fitting of multiple style controllers. I'm actually selling mine if your interested. I bought an actual Flight Case for my DDJ-SX. Let me know. Its basically brand new. Never took it on a gig.
I've never used either of the system's you've mentioned, but I run my RC-300 at the end of a LOT of input; POD HD 500, Elec. Keys, Elec. Drumkit, a handful of various analog and digital stomps (Boss and Behringer primarily-Reverse and Delay), and a Digitech Loopman. All of this is simultaneous, and I can't say I've lost any tone whatsoever, and believe me, there's some crazy amounts of variety in frequency as well as modulation that go together at once. You honestly have no worries with this piece of equipment. However, you WILL LOSE TONE without proper amplification and cables. You'll need to consider spending a pretty penny on some quality powered speakers and sturdy cables if you want to preserve your tone. I've been running a standard Fender FM100 Stack for a while and it cuts all of the bass from the kit, keys, and effects, as well as adds too much treble to the snare and higher registers. If you ever multi-link instruments with a y-cable, get a good one. I have a cheapo one right now and both the keys and the guitar/POD system have their decibel values decreased severely. Soooo... In short, you should marry this loop system.
Yes, it can absolutely MIDI sync. I've set the tempo of my Volca Beats and Waldorf Blofeld using the RC-300 as the master clock, and vice versa. I've also been able to use the RC-300 expression pedal to control a separate delay pedal via MIDI.
Yea. Mine did
I'm guessing you meant to say "I don't know what to get to set up the boss.." You will need something going into it like a mic or instrument and it's going to need output like an amp or speakers. But I have to tell you honestly that if you don't know those basics maybe this is not the device for you as it is very complicated. I traded mine in for the much more user friendly rc30. Just a thought and I hope that helps
I did not use yet...sorry...
Nothing besides a instrument and it's cables, or a mic, and speakers/amp/headphones.
Hi! Yes! Although the 300 does not accept midi time data as slave. You will have to use the 300 as the master clock.
Sort of it definitely can be done but it can be tedious to map out a whole song for a bass line. A good thing is that you guys would be forced to stay on tempo. There would be couple different ways you guys could do it. One is to record the whole bass line front to back in one track. Or put verse on one track, chorus, on one and like a bridge on another. With that method you are limited to 3 progressions. It can be done. You would just have to sit down and record it all.
You are correct about the photo being wrong for this item, I would contact the seller (Ant Hill Music) to verify, and to let them know. Hope this is of some help. Best of luck. Dave G.
It is ~ 2 + 7/8" to 2 + 15/16". Apparently this is standard for all my 3 Epi Les Pauls, Washburn Idol and RX50 and all the other 335s with the same hardware. Can't believe an SG is only ~ 2 + 1/4"! How many strings does your axe have? SG is derived from the original Les Paul, so I imagine it has the same hardware there.
Not a dumb question at all. I've seen them mounted both ways, Gibson & Epiphone mount theirs with the screws facing the pickups & neck. I don't think it really matters, especially with a roller bridge, (as long as the saddles are not already imprinted from the stings). With the traditional bridge, it's more a matter of where the saddles adjust back or forth to (for intonation)... sometimes you have to flip the bridge around just to get enough travel in the saddles. Hope this is helpful.
Good question. No I don't think so. But you could try it a and see or contact the good folks at Gibson who are after all the true experts. Good luck!
I installed My on a Gibson Les Paul and it is the very same as the standard bridge. I use .09 to .46 Ernie Ball Cobalt strings and they work just fine. You will have to make the post a little larger than the stock but that's eazy enough to do. That's about all, I've had NO Problems at all. Hope this helps.
Yeah, it is full-size. It is steel string. My suggestion would be to change the strings and put new ones on right away. It'll sound much better. Hope that helps :)
It's black on the back. (Assuming that you are talking about the sunburst guitar)
There is no jack to connect to an amplifier, and this has no pickup or electronics of any kind. It is strictly acoustic.
yes! this was happening to me and i switched to Martin bronze strings (light .012-.054 gauge) and they don't bother my fingers anymore, and the sound is so much better!
I don't have any idea... it doesn't seem very heavy at all...Sorry
When I bought it for my girlfriend and tried it out, it wasn't tunned up... But tunning it up is easy. Get your mobile and go to the playstore or apple store and download the app called "Guitar Tuna"... It's a great app to tune your guitar and it teaches you a Lot of chords on the guitar. Hope this helps. God bless
The only specs i know off hand is that it has a 25 and a half scale neck.
Yes you can
No, You have to buy a gig bag. Id recommend ChromaCast. Fits perferct
No it does not but u can find one cheap on Amazon.
Mine has been fine. For the price I paid, I feel it is a good value. Not a top flight guitar but for a beginner/novice or for a knock around guitar, good choice.
i think it will be a little over sized for a 10 year old, but its great for a beginner.
I didn't get any with mine but they're so cheap in any music store.
I took the pin off an older guitar. Just a screw, with a button on it. Should be able to pick one up from any music shop.
No.
41". Full size.
Yes.It would be comfortable for a person that size.For the price I am very satisfied.I was afraid it might be less than standard size but I was not disappointed with mine.
A strap with the ties on one end works fine and it does come with steel strings.
I bought this for mine: http://www.amazon.com/World-Tour-GBA100-Padded-Acoustic/dp/B000BUBHMY/ Seems to be fine.
Took around 3-4 days to arrive for me.So I doubt it will take that long.
No, it doesn't. A guitar capo increases the key you're playing in one half step for every fret higher you move it. E -&gt; F on the first fret or E -&gt; F# on the second fret The higher up you move the capo, the brighter and more 'tinny' the sound of your guitar becomes, and on the higher registers one might be able to compare the sound to a ukulele, however I wouldn't say that it would make your guitar sound like a banjo.
It should work on any acoustic.
The Ukes fretboard is less wide and a hair less thick so, yes it will work, but this is not a well made capo. My Uke is a Kala KA-MT. Check out the black Keyser cap here on amazon or the monoprice capo at the website of that same name. I have all of these and just saw the Keyser in black for about ten dollars. That's the deal.
From what I can see, this brand/seller only sells them in black. I haven't looked around too much though. Some other sellers may sell them in white, yellow, gold, nickel, or even silver. Black is probably going to be the cheapest option.
It seems plenty wide enough to work on a classical guitar but I don't have one to try it on.
Does it work with a ukelele? It kinda depends on what you are looking for in a capo and the type of player you are. I use this capo mostly on an acoustic guitar. I do have a concert uke that I use it with and it works fine as far as keeping tune. My cousin uses it on her uke and plays in the church band. However it's a tad large behind the neck making it prone to wrists bumping it. It will also extend far past the width of the neck. Aesthetically not too pleasing. If you are a beginner or casual player spend the few bucks and try it out. I've had several of these things and they do not break. If you are a serious uke player or just want something meant specifically for a uke I would recommend dropping down on a Shubb L-9 or a Kyser capo. They are specifically fit for smaller stringed instruments. But they cost about $20.
I beleive it came from China, what they call an "E" packet. It wqas delivered by parcel post
yep
It took 16 days to receive it. It came air mail direct from China. It's good quality. I'm have no idea how they are making a profit at less than $3 with free shipping.
I would think so, it works on my mandolin as well as all my guitars.
If you are using an I-rig or similar converter, This will work into your i-rig, and then your I- rig can plug into tour i-pad. This Can not be used to connect directly.
The only difference is that the plug is better connected, I mean, physically, so it won't disconnect and you should get a better ground signal. Also, as the plug is bigger a thicker cable can be attached to it lowering noise/sound ratio.
Yes, the cable has the Fender brand name but can be used on any other brand name guitar. Enjoy!!!
Absolutely. Gives off a clean sound, no noise or hums. The cable is very flexible so it won't effect the sound quality. Both ends of the cable are the same so it wouldn't matter which end you plug your bass into, you will still receive the same sound and quality. It's a fantastic value for such a sturdy cable!
Yes
I do not think so. I bought a strat a few years back and it was a different cord that came with the pack. I use this cord mainly with my ibanez and its great for any guitar.
We received Fender; just like the picture.
If a soprano ukulele has a 1/4" output jack and has a quality pick up system this cable will work perfectly. I have purchased several of these cables and I would recommend them for multiple use. I use mine professionally and they hold up well in that environment.
I don't have a good answer for wireless headphones, as I've never used a pair. I use a relatively cheap audio mixer to convert the stereo output to something I can plug my headphones into: http://www.amazon.com/Behringer-502-XENYX502-5-Channel-Mixer/dp/B000J5UEGQ Note that this expects a 1/8" inch audio jack to be plugged in, not a 3.5mm. Standard on premium headphones, not what you'd typically have plugged into an mp3 player. It allows for good control over the volume that comes out. My speculation is that most wireless headphones would just directly accept the stereo audio out. In that case you'd be fine with just this.
If you are talking about normal stereo headphones, not without an adapter. The signal outputs to analog RCA-style outputs (those red and white circles). You'd need an adapter that converts that to a 1/4" or 1/8" plug, depending on what kind of plug your headphones use. (1/4" is the "fatter" plug you sometimes see on expensive headphones, 1/8" or 3.5mm is the smaller plug most headphones use.) As an example of what I'm talking about, look on Amazon for "YCS Basics 1 foot color coded 3.5mm female to two RCA male adapter cable". You'll need something like that.
jag this is mainly for speakers you can also connect headphones if you have apple tv,rbg devices or any optical audio speakers to connect speakers this will help you out.This has optical cable that connect to appletv and Fiio and 3.5mm to speaker.This is one of the best product in the market I am using this for one year
no, no input for s/pdif you have coaxial, or optical. I use it for an older receiver from my late grandfather, it does not have optical or digital coax so this converts the optical signal into an analog out to a 1/8 TRS stereo RCA stereo connection from my Apple TV.
That foes not sound right. The DAC should not be cutting out an entire channel. It is not designed to do that. The only thing that comes to mind is that your connections are improperly seated. I would take this apart, possibly use different RCA connector cabling and a different TOSlink optical cable, but first, using what you have, just disassemble and reassemble, making sure you have proper fit. Rotate the cables to make sure they are making good contact on the metal.
Audacity is fine, as it will not introduce any distortion in its processing, none that you can hear, anyway. :) Audacity is a bit hairy as interfaces go, and if you are on a mac and have money to blow, Logic X Pro will charm you six ways to Kansas. But Audacity is free, as in beer, and you cannot sneeze at that. IN case $200 is just burning a hole in your credit card though, https://www.apple.com/logic-pro/ Have fun.
Could you rephrase this question? Not sure I understood. You *can* use a 25-foot long TOSlink optical cable with it if an iMac is providing the laser light. Other sources may not be strong enough for 25 feet. 10 feet is recommended.
I don't know if it matters, but this version has gold-tone connectors, while still being labeled on the underside as "D3" and "Made in China". It performs just fine, for what it's worth.
Yes. Plugs in wall via USB connection or you can use a USB power source such as a computer or TV.
It decodes dolby 5.1 to stereo. It's not the highest quality product, so I don't recommend buying it.
The strings I received were steel.
Hi. I didn't see the who made this either model # on this case but I got info. Come along with my order Austin Bazaar music www.austinbazaar.com or 800-511-1322 hope it will help
Yes, it has steel strings. Yes it comes with a tuner
The finish is high gloss and it only has one strap button at the tail.
It is a solid top yes. We do have a 30 return policy, thank you.
The case has been designed so that you can use the MixTrack while in the case. In fact it raises it up off the table to a comfortable level to work. Very well built case.
What kind of stand are you talking about? I use mine on a Marathon table, works fine.
Yes it can fit all there midi controllers
Hi . According to the mesurments on the Mix track pro II and Mix Track pro is slight bigger .. i would say it should fit . here are the sizes of the controlers . Mix Track pro 11.1 X 18.8 X1.6 amd the Pro II is 10.4 X 18.3 x 1.6 .. hope this helps
Nope.... if these are same as they used to be, the controller "remembers" even when they are unplugged.
They do dim. The controller that comes with the lights only dims in discrete levels. I don't know if you could use one of the analog dimmers to additionally control the brightness, but the remote is good enough for us. The warm white question is a good one--it's something I was hoping for as well. You can use the remote to set 'DIY' levels, and adjust the RGB levels independently. Taking out some blue and a little green I've gotten to a pretty good warm white. It's not quite as pleasing as the 2700 K Hitlight strips that I have, but you're not stuck with only pure white or the other colors shown on the remote.
On mine White has almost a purple hue but on the one a friend got it seems close to the 5000k.
All LEDs will have some heat but nothing to hot to touch and I haven't had any smell, maybe just the adhesive. It should go away.
I believe you can go up to 32ft ( two strands of lights)with one power unit...after that there is a piece you need to boost the power... You can visit HitLight main web page to double verify...hope this helps
I believe you are referring to: Lutron Diva Magnetic Low-Voltage Dimmer. Having wired home and built my own stereo from components I will say "YES". This leaves you the controller for changing colors. (just remember if it "does not come on" with the installed switch.....then someone...has turned the lights"off" from the remote.) AND: the remote may not respond while you are dimmed on the wall switch as you are also reducing the receiver on the led cable. It most likely WILL NOT respond when dimmed. I have a photo of what I did and will try to upload it after this is posted (No place for a photo here with this respond) I used poster putty to mount my controller on the wall against a door sill.
All the colors including with look like LED warm white. You can adjust the brightness to your liking to make it much more brighter or lighter.
I use one remote to control two separate strings under my kitchen cabinets. you can turn on one or both, proximity of the receivers will determine if all go on at the same time or you will have to aim at each controller so only one lights at a time.
I looked it up on youtube, just type hitlights rgb. Google also has one available.
The lights I have can be cut every 2 inches to any length you want.
This is a excellent quality craftmanship violin, a good copy of the famous 'Canone' Guarnieri "del Ges" 1742, one of the late dark sound violins Heifetz use to play and record on. It is made in the USA, and comes with bridge, chin support, strings, two medium quality bows, nice case humidity meter, straps & rosin.
Spruce.
The fingerboard is ebony wood.
Yes. it is powerful enough.
The company is located in Minneapolis USA, I am not sure If the item is produced there.
One day, while violin playing , My child fell the violin on our carpet . The head of violin broke in two piece. The price of fixing is expensive more than $500. In my opinion , the violin was made by cheep wood. I have never seen that in my
I don't see the youtube video that you refer to. However, the one reviewed by Brian Suman under youtube video titled "ErgoPlay Guitar Support Review" is the same one. ErgoPlay Guitar Support Review &lt;a href="/channel/UCTVppE2B0jVVwWu5___wKxg" class=" yt-uix-sessionlink spf-link g-hovercard" data-name="" data-ytid="UCTVppE2B0jVVwWu5___wKxg" data-sessionlink="ei=C2KwVNTRH8jO-QOs2YG4Ag"&gt;Brian Suman&lt;/a&gt; Brian Suman
Strings by Mail (stringsbymail.com) has them - cheers!
I've had my Tappert support for less than a year, and haven't had to replace the suction cups yet. However, the Strings By Mail (Stringsbymail.com) web site has all the replacement parts. Just drill down through the link for Accessories and you should be able to find what you need.
The two pieces can be separated, but it most likely won't fit in your case. The following video will help you see how small the support can become: http://vimeo.com/70979876
Yes. It is made so it should work for lefties as well.
It depends on the front to back dimension of the guitar. The two suction cups side by side are 3.25 inches outside edge to outside edge. If the guitar body width is less than that dimension, it's doubtful this support would work.
About one foot long, 8" height on the outer legs and 2" wide for the lap support
Yes, definitively.
Yeup universal case
I believe u can it has 4 decks to switch
The quad comes with the older style 30pin iOS cable/connector. I have heard of others using the 30pin to lightning adapter but they eventually had compatibility issues and it wouldn't charge. I would go with no to answer your question
It does work with Virtual DJ.
Yes
So long as is a USD flash drive there's no limitation
No. In the audio world, "wireless" usually refers to microphones. The mixdeck quad does not send or receive any wireless signal. You can plug a wireless microphone into the mic channel, but that's about it. You need lots of different wires with the mixer!
Yes
yes, it will if you're running "DJAY" or "DJAY2" and use the 30 to 8 pin converter. Runs like a dream. It's a good CD unit too.
I don't think so cos I bought it and sent it back immediately because I did not like the performance. I bought NS7 Instead
6 X 1-1/4" Oval Phillips Head Screws should work for most Fender bodies, if you have a Squier body, it is a bit thinner so you may want to go with a 1" length. Chrome Stainless or nickel finish is preferable over zinc. Most hardware stores should have what you need.
If you're talking about the saddle springs then you can likely either buy those in a bag OR gank one from a retractable pen OR make one by wrapping thin wire tightly around a small bolt or dowel or stick or something.
No, this won't work. The screw holes are different. I think your best solution is to install more springs to deck your tremolo and take the bar off, honestly.
2700 K ....one of the few that we could find that warm
These lights offer 220 lumens per foot.
Pretty much the same answer as "S.Conway": There is only one color, which is somewhere between neutral and warm white. For each group of three LEDs, there is one common +12 and three separate common/negative pads. If you remove the solder blob across these three pads and connect three independant common/negative wires, then you can run each one of the three LEDs independently. This continues throughout the entire ribbon, so every third LED is controlled by one common/negative pad, but all share the same +12V pad.
White.
I was able to find leads here on amazon to use on the transformer
Assuming the specification quoted is still accurate, there is a total of 72 watts in the 16.9 feet of LED tape. That's about 4.26 watts/foot.
It was copper colored. You just cut and solder and it works. Good luck!
They are quite long. The lumens per watt is comparable to other led lights. Also these are the 5050's, not the 3528's. They are much brighter then other strips.
8 ohms single speaker. The detail says speakers. And there are two 1/4" speaker outputs on the rear. I have not tried those. Using the speakon outlet, I tried to daisy chain two 8 ohm speakers. But every few minutes the amp would go into protect. Maybe the 1/4" outputs will allow two speakers but not the speakon. I'd have returned it but this is the only mixer amp in this price range on the market. I use it for all karaoke shows. It really does crank great sound.
I found the FX info in another manual - see p12/13 of http://www.behringer.com/assets/PMP1000_PMP4000_PMP6000_M_EN.pdf
I do apologize but this 5 - Channel mixer is not wireless. However, this powered 5 - channel Behringer mixer has 5 xlr channel and has a some effects.
yes..all inputs have a separate volume control and there is master control.
I don't believe it was designed to be mounted in a rack case. The unit is pictured here with mounting brackets, but it's built to stand alone. That's how I use it.
Yes
Yes
I'm not too sure exactly but I did a gig once in a basketball gym and it was fine from one end to the other. the receiver was on one end of the court and the guy talking with the mic was on the other end and it sounded clear. no break ups.
It is a different frequency range
Hi there. I'm from Venezuela and here we normally use 110 V as the main source of electricity. I don't recall quite well wheather the mic can work on 220 V or not, but waht I can ensure you is that the microphone works superbly and one doesn't need to worry about the battery endurance for it lasts up to 30 hrs nonstop! I recommend it highly!
Well the power supply for the receiver is switchable. It comes from the factory with EU. UK. And US power adapters. You just clip on the plug that fits the country you are in. The operating voltage range is 110 to 240 volts. I don't see an issue with the voltage as long as the plug fits the plug in. You will need a 1/4 inch instrument cable to plug the receiver into the sound system. The receiver only has the 1/4 inch output it does not have a XLR (mic cable) output so the 1/4 inch instrument cable is required. Other than the cable you shouldn't need any other accessories. Except batteries. But this unit has very good battery time.
Hi Roland, the important thing is not in the same band, or frecuensia. So that if you do not have problems with it .. They are durable and low alcanse by size, for very small spaces places good teams. I hope I have been of some the information. GREETINGS
Dynamic style, professional grade, wireless...a step up from nady, step down from sure, reasonably priced for the quality...
Hello, Hard for us to comment on in this type of question. All orders shipped within Cont. U.S. are free standard shipping, if you have Prime then you get free standard shipping or free 2 day or discounted next day. Now for outside cont. U.S. the Amazon system auto calculates based on your address, we have no control over that. thanks.
Black. Nice case. I bought 2.
I don't think so. They are different. Check this out SKB 44 Pro Rectangular Hardshell Jazz/Precision Style Electric Bass Guitar Case. http://www.amazon.com/SKB-Rectangular-Hardshell-Precision-Electric/dp/B00DYAIOYW/ref=sr_1_fkmr0_1?s=musical-instruments&ie=UTF8&qid=1410739247&sr=1-1-fkmr0&keywords=Fender+Accessories+ABS+Molded+Precision+Bass%2FJazz+Bass+Case+-+Red+Handle Good luck.
Honestly I cannot say it does and cannot say it doesn't. I use it to store my San Dimas Chavel (which is basically a Strat) and it's a tight fit. You should try it on another case first.
It fits a telecaster just fine.
I don't remember the dimensions but it fits my fender stratacaster great also it is a very nice case
I keep a mim strat in it, and it fits quite snugly, but I can't imagine why a full size squier wouldn't fit equally well.
Left or right, it doesn't matter when it comes to cases.
All I can say is that my 1967 American made Fender Telecaster fits in this case perfectly.
Burnt orange, sort of an orange red.
Send me the total size from head to body and also each part The head, fretboard, body from top to bottom and left to right to check To be sure In inches
Mine worked OK. It's tight anyway.
i am assuming you mean lefty strat and yes it will fit.
If your guitar is not over 39" long it looks like it would fit. My guitar was about 39 1/2" and I had to reform the foam at the neck end but it works fine.
It looks like it would be OK if it's not over 39" long. My "Broadcaster" is 39 3/4" long and I had to compress some padding to make it fit but it worked out OK.
I would be quite confident sending it through the mail or taking it on a plane overseas. If you were doing more frequent traveling, you would want an Anvil brand case.
Keys are inside in accessory compartment, have them (Fender) send another set. Good luck!
I have a Mayer stat - normally does not have arm. Had it added by dealer back and it fits in this case. Might have to move it so it is at its lowest point but I can close and lock the case with it on. One more thing to mention - I don't move it much. It stores it well and I can carry it around but no daily moving experience.
It does not, however, the reciever is small enough to fit in your back pocket.
I believe it's like 300 ft. but it wasn't that big of a concern for me because most stages are not longer than 60 ft. wide.
As long as the headset has a "mini XLR" connector, it will work perfectly with this. There is a gain control just underneath the battery cover to control the output signal as well, but I get plenty with it on it's lowest setting with a guitar anyway. Another cool feature is the battery cover can be used as a mini flat head screw driver specifically for adjusting the signal output. Pretty convenient because that way you don't have to bust out an actual screwdriver just to make a small adjustment if you ever need to. One thing to watch though, if you're getting the red "clipping" light on the receiver every time to transmit a signal, turn the output signal all the way down on the transmitter because they come factory up at about 80%. If you still get the red clipping light at the lowest transmitter setting, you may want to exchange it for a different one. I had to do this with my first one because it was just wired too hot from the factory; the replacement I got has worked perfectly ever since! One more thing, keep the output level on the receiver turned all the way up, this has no effect on the clipping, but effects the signal output directly in that you may experience signal loss if you don't have it up all the way. I think they say this in the set up guide that comes with it, but I missed that part until I emailed the technician about my issue with the first unit I had. AKG's technical support is probably the best I've ever dealt with too, I just went to their web site akg.com, went to help, emailed tech support and I had a response from an actual technician within 12 hours. Pretty awesome actually! Hope this helps!
Box is unopened but it is similar in size to other wireless transmitters as I recall. A couple friends at Church used the same unit on the other two frequency selections and I don't recall it being huge.
I use it with bass and it's almost as using a cable, clear and clean
No headphone out in the belt-clip transmitter
I never try this before... but if you contact seller or company that make it, I'm sure they can help you out.
Yes
Yes
The receiver has only an output jack. Connect it at the start of the chain.
Yes, It does.
Yes the sticker at the back of the head of my specimen says: MADE IN INDONESIA
Hai Michelle, The strings are D'addario extended play strings. Strangely the attached card does not give any indication of thickness. Judging from the color of the card it is type EXP26 Custom light (see their website) with a thickness 0.011 inch for the high E. They feel pretty light to me. I measured the diameter of the high E to be 0.0125 inch. (accuracy ~+/- 0.0005 inch) I also noted some corrosion on it According to the ehow webpage accoustic guitar strings are usually light gauge below 0.012 inch Ovation recommends 1818 Light Gauge (most popular) or 1919 Medium Gauge (stiffer and a bit louder) Adamas phosphor bronze 1717 extra light is 0.010inch, 1818 light is 0.012inch and 1919 medium is 0.013inch My conclusion is that I am totally confused. Is there a sharp border between medium and light? I donot think so anymore. What strings do I have on my guitar? These strings may be just on the light side of the border between medium and light. Sorry for any confusion caused. Jan
Lol... inside the case!
Yes! Its a nice metal badge!
My Deluxe Player's Strat is very similar to the Squier in shape and dimension. It fits very well in this case, and the case is very nice. The one complication is that the vibrato (tremolo) bar must be removed to close the case. I'm careful not to over tighten the bar when I screw it back in. Since I'm lazy, I use a soft case most times so I don't have to remove the bar to put the guitar away, but I love having this fine case, and it's great protection. Warm regards.
It's nine inches. I love, love, love this light! You can use it with batteries or ac plug. It's very bright, lightweight and the neck is very flexible. I highly recommend this light!
If it is a large stitching frame. This is kind of heavy.
I measured it and it is good up to 3/4 inch with the clips parallel. It sound be fine on 1/2 inch.
Yes, and some. I have an extender that holds four pages, and it illuminates most of that.
It must be clamped. The light works great and covers both pages of music if needed.
It's about 6", probably a little too big for a book light.
I ordered two, and they both had an AC/DC adapter. I was pleasantly surprised because they didn't list it in the description.
Even though they show them in the photo, they don't list them and they weren't included in my set.
No and hopefully you get the whole thing... I only got a Tom, Snare and the Throne. Other box was never shipped and they could not come up with another. So refund only and no way to get the price I did again.
There's a snare, but no cymbals.
I use Elixir Custom light .011 - .052 Phosphor Bronze Nanoweb ultra thin coating
Great guitar. Great action out of the box. (of course you can fine tune it) I bought 2 of these. Its just a great value and a solid spruce top. Really well made. It has a bright sound but can be warmed up with different streings
Here is information on the case that is included: http://www.amazon.com/Yamaha-HC-AG1-Hardshell-Acoustic-Guitar/dp/B004I6ZGWO. Thanks!
yes, it is made in China
That depends on your setup and what you want to do. At the most basic level, simply connect the audio outputs of the mixing desk to the audio inputs of your sound card. In addition to the compressor, channels 1 & 2 also have audio inserts. You can use those to send the audio signal out of the mixing desk to your sound card for recording and then back in again for monitoring through the desk itself. This will require cables wired specifically for this purpose. If you want a better answer, ask a more specific question.
only 6
It depends on what side of the cable you plan to plug into the mixer. The 1/4" jack works perfectly, however, keep in mind that you can't use phantom power with a 1/4" jack. You can't really use the female microphone cable side because there isn't a male outlet on the mixer. I would definitly recommend this mixer. Not only have I used this mixer at home, but our amps died in our auditorium and we use this little mixer to provide power to all of our hanging stage mics. It works perfectly and I haven't had any issues with it.
You need an amplifier
It is purely a mixer with Phantom power.... You'll need an amp or self-powered speakers if using it as a live sound mixer.
If you will buy it from RoverMall, you will have 6 months factory warranty.
Yes if you update the djj- ergo and get an app for it
Difference is Color. Both I believe are the same device.
Rca inputs, Rca and 1/4in outputs, headphone output is both mini plug and standard 1/4in.
Yeh you can by WeCAi cable which connects the ipad
VERY GOOD THANKS
There is a different version of the ergo specifically for Traktor. The DDJ Ergo K. It is all black. You might be able to map this version work with Traktor, but I'm not sure. I would look into carefully before getting this one.
New one comes with warranty
My amp only have 120V input option, I can't switch to 240V.
John, This is a great amp for acoustic, and it has a lot of very cool features, including the ability for two inputs. I have used it for acoustic and vocals for practice and small gigs, as well as for acoustic and electric playing with a band. The sound for acoustic (I have a Martinn D35) is great, but less so for electric solid body. It's adequate, but not great. I now use a Fender Champion 100 for my electric and the Fishman for acoustic. BTW, the Fishman beats the heck out of the Fender for acoustic. Hope that helps.
Hi there. All are male. Channels 1 and 2 have a D.I. pre-EQ out. , PLUS a 1/4" send and return EFX loop. There is also a general Mix D.I. out for both channels. Additionally: Aux. inputs for 1/8" and 1/4" - I haven't had occasion to use these, but I imagine one could plug in an iPod here, and finally, a footswitch, which I elected to not purchase. All XLR's are male, all others are female. Are you running the Loudbox through a larger system? If so, a direct box (D.I.) is usually used due to the separate power sources. I hope this helps.
You can't plug more than two things into the front (guitars or microphones or one of each). However, you could plug two guitars into the front and plug your microphones into the auxiliary in the back through a separate pre-amp or similar device.
you are sending too much energy to the pickup from the amp, so cut back on the pickup input and increase the main to get your volume, or you are too close or in front of the speaker, move things around a bit. if it is a high frequency feedback lower the treble knob to eliminate feed back. if none of these work you need an eq between the pickup and the amp. good luck
I would need a address and post code. Duties and taxes would be on your end....
My wife hasn't had hers that long.....but everything is just like it was when it was brand new. GREAT little amp.
I love this amp. It is great for vocals. Though I do not own an arch top, I have played a Fender Telecaster as well as my acoustic through it and it projects a nice mellow acoustic/electric tone. So, first, my answer would be that you plug your archtop up to one at your local dealer, if possible, and check out the sound. Compare with other amps recommended for your style of music. Just like when buying a guitar, it's always wise to play before buying. If you do purchase online, I think you will be pleased with the Loudbox. That said, sound is always a matter of personal taste.
The unit has a typical three prong plug. It says it will take 120V, 60 or 50 HZ.
It's not amp dependent. Depends on what you're using the mic for. Voice? Acoustic instrument? You can get good answers from sweetwater.com.
No. Matter a fact I am back to my Uniden cordless phone. You can,t tell on this phone when you have a message or not (no flash light) also the Caller ID display is very dim.
Nope, no speaker phone.
Redial: Yes. Speaker: No
This one does.
Yes
No
Looking at my box it's about 18" deep, 20" long, and 6" high. It's a pretty compact box and mixer.
I don't know. Sorry.
Unfortunately we do not deliver to Argentina at the moment.
Yes.
yes it comes with everything you need to put it together and start playing the cables are all labeled for like where the cable to the snare drum goes hi-hat hi-hat control and so on. the only thing it don't come with is headphones. it even comes with drumsticks.
When it is being played, it sounds no louder than someone drumming on a cushin, maybe a little louder. When you play, though, you have to listen to what you are playing through headphones. I wish it were louder for the player. Better headphones or an external amp may help. I hope this helps answer your question.
i just bought this yesterday, im sorry but i might have been the source of its rapid increase in price. :/
Did you physically damage the drum pad or did it just stop working? If it just stopped working the piezo trigger switch inside may have just come loose from the pad. It is held in place by a piece of tape. Open it up and retape. Now if the pad itself is damaged I would start by contacting Medeli: http://www.medeli.com.hk/?page=contactus
it does not there is no duel zones at all no chock no bell on the ride no cross sticking or rim shots on the snare drum.
I've never lined music into the module, but you can definitely line out to a mixer, a guitar amp, a usb interface, and most usefully - midi.
Yes you have to use a kick pedal. I tried a pad and it didn't work.
Yes, but your going to have unscrew some stuff to switch around the hit-hat, snare, and the brain module.
No, the drum module doesn't allow for that.
Definitely. It's very easy to use. You have to hit it center to get great sound. Pedals slip but you can put some anti slip material to stop from sliding. I bought it for my girlfriend as she wants to learn and she loves it.
The one that I have does.
about 4.
It is, you've got to get a solid poke in though. If you are asking whether they can just respond to touch, however, the answer is no.
Yes, there is a 1/4" phone jack connector for headphones on the back where the pedals plug in.
I just bought a small-cheap table to put it above.
Yes
Amp is not required. Something is wrong with your volume some how. We like this drum machine and have no problems.
Yes
I have been looking for one to but i found out it can work on an unfoldable table
It runs on both 110 to 240v but the microphones are not rechargeable and it runs on simple batteries.
No.. you only have the time to return the device to Amazon. But once you experience a problem, the only contact is manufacturer support through website (no phone number). I emailed them twice and never got a response. I was even willing to pay to get the mic fixed and no response.
Yes u can
I never encounter a delay with the sound and I hook up direct to the tv.Sorry I can help more but u could check youtube.
8 ohm imped.
Qsc power amp.
Speaker cable- it has a 1/4" jack and binding posts for bare wire.
No, we only carry passive (non-amplified) subs.
Yes , it has a lot to offer with a higher wattage amp
lightweight
Absolutely, I am very happy with the speaker! My speakers must be able to bridge! I strongly recommend...
I really don't know either but I own two of them and have had the pole break out on me but I repaired it myself. I think it would be best to get in touch with Amazon about this problem. I would think the warranty would be at least one year. I know that Amazon has taken care of some of my problems.
Under 2ft
Yes
No
You plug the headphones into whatever device your using to record on.
Yes, it works with a Mac (that's what I use). You can use whatever program you want. I use garage band and have had no issues.
It's USB mini so you would have to buy a new cord. It uses a bit of power so it'll drain your battery very fast
I am sorry but I don't know because we donot have an amp
yes it can
yes it is long enough for that
The mic, stand, and pop blocker; Yes
Yes, it "comes with a pop filter" although it is just another seperately packaged item that shows up in the box with it. But for the price (I beleve $70) you DO get a pop filter. It is fairly large and a sturdy construction. And the mic itself it very nice. I would absolutly recomend to anybody.
No, you need a USB port.
It does need phantom power but it pulls it from the usb port..u dont need any additional equipment to use this mic..its really simple plug & play.
It is a desk mic stand, so it is very short. I don't have the exact measurement, but it is approximately 6 inches tall.
Yes
nope. you should be able to push that big red button and start recording asap.
It should work for it
Yes it can be split and shortend by using wave pad sound editor its very easy.
yes it will, 2015 version or not, it will upgrade automatically at no extra cost
It will work with either
This software did not work at all! Don't use it and get your money back!
Hi Mark, yes I think the noise editing features in WavePad are very easy to use. On the Effects menu is a selection for Noise Reduction which has some pre-configured features. In addition, there are many other easy-to-use tools including a noise gate, click and pop repair, etc.
Yes. It has 3 levels that I can see. Also, if you plug ear buds in the mini-jack the beeping can only be heard through the buds.
If there is, I haven't found it.
Well to be honest I'm not completely sure because I'm a drummer, but I would think so, yes.
I use mine for running cadence, training for Marathon. I don't own a guitar. The clip opens up to 2/3 of a inch wide, and it's pretty strong. -Peter
Have you tried changing the battery? I have had some strange behavior with my M50 the past few days. I just now replaced the old battery with a new one. It looks like it is behaving correctly again. Give it a shot.
I dont think so, it goes from 30 BPM to 260 BPM. It seems that you would need a count down timer for that if i am correctly understanding your question.
Yes it flashes the temp. I do not like this one, however, because it always flashes brighter or peeps louder for the downbeat. For practice I want to turn that off many times. There is a headphone jack but with headphones it is piercing and loud.
I have used it on my ukelele but I thought it was overbearing in size and I had to adjust it a lot to get it to work well. I wouldn't really recommend it for it unless it was used on a baritone ukelele which has a thicker neck.
Steel, with a black polymer coating.
I wanna say electric. But I have an acustic guitar classical, and it works fine!
Yes. It has enough width and tension to work with a twelve string guitar. I used it on a Gibson twelve string and it was no problem. There is really only slightly more than an three sixteenths of an inch or less needed to accommodate the width of a twelve string as opposed to a six string neck width. The extra tension would be the major issue and this Capo has enough tension for that.
It's exactly what I use it for
Yes
Dunlop is a brand, this may be a similar design but it is not made or sold by Dunlop.
I'm using acoustic string guitar & it dose fit. I didn't try it in the ukulele, but although it has small neck I think it will fit.
Depends on what you want. I like my pro500mk2 but i believe they have better lows. If you want highs go with the m50's if you want bass go with the pro500mk2's
Yes it can. It comes with a 1/4" adapter for that.
If I knew I would try to fix it myself. Unfortunately, I don't. I've tried other cables but that hasn't fixed anything.
They're an on ear size. They're by far the most uncomfortable pair of headphones I've ever worn but also some of the best I've heard. I had some over ear turtle beach cushions I wasn't using so I replaced the old ones with those and now they're comfortable.
Yes they will. That's what I use them for.
Wouldn't suggest it. Headphone pressure is pretty tight. Would be painful for eyeglass wearers. Would suggest getting pc gaming headphones which are more comfortable for eyeglass wearers
No idea, YouTube both pairs and draw your own conclusion
These are made in JAPAN. But I suggest you not buy this and instead go with the ATH-m50x. MUCH better quality for the price you pay.
I have never listened to the ones you are referring to, but these have a very deep and heavy bass.
I did some DIY mods by cutting thin plywood to the shape of Shure 840 and taping it with industrial strength double sided tape. It's removable if you like but I feel it's lot more comfy than the original pads. I'm sure u can do it with any pads. The sounds actually improves a little.
It is just like a real trombone just not as expensive. But it's not a toy. It's a real instrument
It is an actual sized trombone and would work well for an 11 year old
I have my Bach 11 and the P-Bone plastique in the case. I play at a very low "wine bar volume". I prefer the plastic one for comfort and better low pressure control. Also, my best advice to you on this novel and fun to play horn, which I gig about 3 days a week, keep the slide dry, swab the slide's insides after each use! I haven't found a better working slide lubricant system yet.
I haven't seen one made specifically for the pbone. I think a regular trombone lyre would work.
Hi Jason, as the great Slide Hampton plays the trombone 'upside-down', with the slide in his left hand, it is possible....however, the vast majority of left handed trombone players play the trombone with the slide in their right hand. I urge all of my pupils to play the trombone this way (slide in right hand)
Yes
From the bell receiver it is 30 and 1/4 inches. The slide is the female end while the bell is the male for the connection. If that helps.
I dont remember to be honest about the warrenty, it has been a while, but my son loves it, and it plays just as good as a true trombone. We love that it is light weight and the cost is amazing.....I would do it all over again.
About 10''x10''x3'
I tried to get a reading from my guitar tuner and it rings almost perfect key of A. Which should be 3rd eye Chakra. It is a fantastic bowl. Great sound and nice looking.
It is 4" X 2" ...However, I have bought and sold many singing bowls, from Very Smallest to the very large "Mammoth 14" Bowls. The bigger they are the less they "Sing". When you start to get over 7"... they are good only for making a good Gong and vibration. The very largest ones on a hard surface can be felt in your chest when struck with the right striker..However, these bowls retail for over $200. - Especially if your a beginner, this is the very best singing Bowel I have ever come across..It is like you just touch it with the striker and it wants to sing...It has different tones and pitches, which is easy, once you practice just a bit. This is a great bowl to introduce others to the magical sounds of The Sing Bowl. It is Smaller, but I guarantee, for the money this Bowl is your best choice. Stay away from the smaller ones they work sometimes but usually not. Buy this exact one..You wont be disappointed.
I do not know the composition of this particular bowl. You would be best to ask the seller directly about it's composition, as I do know that bowls and gongs can be made from several different metals including, but not limited to, copper, tin, bronze, zinc and even lead. I can tell you that I was VERY pleased with this bowl (I purchased TWO). It has a very lovely sound and beautiful presentation box. Hope that helps.
yes it does and the bowl is beautiful!!
China made on a mill.. If I were to purchase one I would look for a hand made.
Hello, yes you may download the manual by clicking this link: ftp://ftp.steinberg.net/Download/Hardware/UR824/UR824_OperationManual_en.pdf Please let us know if you have any further questions, Thank you, Angelmi YRS MIDI
I am currently using a 14 ft. cable with my UR824 with no issues. The maximum rated length (for any USB 2.0 device) is just under 16.5 ft. using a quality cable. I hope this helps.
Yes, as far as I know. Cubase AI comes with the drivers for UR824 Audio Interface. It did when I got mine. You will need a elicenser for Cubase AL to work.
Yes, it was the retail package and it should include Cubase A1, mine did. It also has some other very nice software. I already had Cubase 6.5 so I didn't load Cubase A!. I think you will also need the Steinberg elicenser for Cubase A1 to work. The UR 824 is very nice product and I really liked it. Patrick M
Hello and thanks for your question. The Grande case and board have a combined weight of 45lbs, so loaded with pedals you can easily exceed 80lbs. The case has wheels and a handles to make transport easier. Best, Ryan GuitarEffectsPedals
Hello and thank you very much for your question and your order, Darvin. The Voodoo Lab brackets that come with the Grande will not fit the Ciokolate, but the Ciokolate comes with brackets that will allow you to mount it under your Grande. Here is a link to illustrated mounting instructions: http://www.guitareffectspedals.com/CIOKS%20CIOKOLATE%20-%20Attaching%20to%20a%20Pedaltrain%20board.pdf All the best, Ryan Nixon GuitarEffectsPedals
Pedaltrain Grande Brings - Voodo Lab Mounting brackets - Try To Find Out If You Can Fit The Fuel Tank Goliath On Thouse same Brackets.
Hi David. Thank you for your email. Velcro and mounting brackets are included.
I use it with windows 8... Just plug and play with included software.
Yes you can, you need a RCA cable 1/8 for surround sound
sorry.... it wont work..... I tried but couldnt make it work
You will only be able to record a mix of your tracks if you are using the djuiced software. You will not be able see the mix in your music files (In computer not software)
just plug the port into the USB insertof the laptop
No
Yes if you can fiend the mapers and map it right it will so yes
Yes far as I know of it came with a software cd my grandson loves it
Its a good controler for small events or just at home but if you want something more professional I wold go with the ddj Pioneer controller for more professional looks
If the djing softeare works on it, then yes
Of the few guitar hangers I tried, none accommodated all of the different kinds of guitars that I own, and cost upward of $40. I purchased one of these for 1/10th of that price. It was easier to install, and even though it seems a bit small at first, it is made of aluminum, nicely padded, plenty strong, and effortlessly adjustable to any size or shape of stringed instrument. Out of the 8 bass and various other types of guitars I own, 5 of them are hanging on the walls of my home from these very hangers. Don't waste your money buying a more expensive one. Buy more guitars instead, and hang them from these holders!
it should I used one for my Martin backpacker. you can adjust the arms.
Our mounting plate only has two holes. Not sure what is meant by backwards tilt. When placing on or off lift up and out. Hope this helps
Just measured. It's 5 1/4 inches.
America, Cause I'm a American!
If you use the plastic anchors insert that Comes with it, then you can mount on dry wall as well
They hang parallel to the floor.
Maybe about 4 inches maybe 5 inches
You might need a longer screw but it should mount on any surface. The block is about 1/2 inch thick.
Hi, Sorry we don't ship to Puerto Rico unless you want to pay $5.05 for Priority mail flat rate envelope. Thank you!
This is the receiver and the monitor.
1/4 inch but it has adapters for everything pretty much.
Haven't experienced any problem with mine!
1/4 only no XLR
Prob China
Thus was made in Korea I think . I would have to double check the unit
Yeah that will work. This is great for the price don't get me wrong it doesn't sound amazing but it works and is good for monitoring or click tracks live
I wasn't happy with it at all , I am using Sure system , it is a lot more expensive but the sound is the best ever
Yes you can, I am currently using 3 receivers with one transmiter, but of course I'm assuming you have the very same model right?? Don't expect to do this with different equipment
No you cant
You'll need a 12V DC transformer to power it. The ability to splice (crimp or solder) the power supply to the light strand. Probably need some connectors if you need to cut this into different size lengths and string them together, depends on where you plan to mount them.
It's fully encased in some sort of rubbery synthetic.
The lumen output is rated at 72 lumens per foot.
My package said 24 watts for the 5 meter (16.4 foot) length. That works out to about 1.5 watts per foot. I've run 6-8 foot lengths on a 1 amp, 12 V supply (12watts) so the 1.5 watts per foot seems real.
The transformer is rated for 110-240 so it'll work. The only thing you'll need to do is adapt the plug itself.
Not very well as it is very rigid. If it is a very large radius (as in several feet) you might be OK. When I tried to do this on an 18" radius it bent, flexed and put to much force on the adhesive and wouldn't stay in place. I ended up splitting it and making 2 straight lines. YMMV
If u think u can comnect them end to end for that distance. You may have problems. I cant way how much current each full strand needs. Id suggest u order one strand and power it with 12 volts like from ur car battery as long as the engine is off. Use a multimeter to measure the current on the one strand then multiply by 5 then add 20%. You will need to run cable to each strand. Make sure u use a larger gauge wire for the strands furthest from the power supply. If u dont, the strands will ne at different brightnesses.
I use a 12v to 2Amp Power adapter ( and really any 12v dimmer is fine but i buy this one http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00EDERS7M/ref=oh_details_o05_s00_i01?ie=UTF8&psc=1)
The strip has a jack at one end that matches the power supply.
No good
The download is the complete program.. you don't have to have a previous version installed to upgrade. You need the license for your old version however to be eligible to receive the 'crossgrade' license.
It should but you might want to chech for any recent updates and your going to need an iLok device to use it. Its a usb key to unlock PT 10
It made me completely uninstall the previous version of LE8 I had. Also, check your plug ins first. I not only had to buy the upgrade for pro tools itself, but I had to buy an upgrade of BFD3 drum software (from BFD2 since the BFD2 plug in isn't compatible with pro tools 11 that was $150) and I also had to buy an upgraded version of my WAVES plugin software to get it to work at all. Dont forget, you will also need an iLok2 to run protools 11. (I had ilok first gen, that was another $50)
No, I think this is a Pro tools LE to Pro tools 10/11 crossgrade. Try this http://www.americanmusical.com/Item--i-AVD-PTEUPGRADE-LIST
Asked and answered - yes. Note that you must also have one of the new iLok keys, which is not included.
As long as your LE 7.3 license is valid, the hardware you have is irrelevant.
As long as you purchased before 12-31-2014, yes. Per the FAQ at http://avid.force.com/pkb/articles/en_US/faq/Pro-Tools-Q4-2014-Offer-FAQ: "Q. What is this new Pro Tools Licensing all about? A. On October 10, 2014 Avid announced that new Pro Tools and Pro Tools | HD Software purchases, upgrades and crossgrades will include 12 months of upcoming features-such as future cloud collaboration capabilities-as well as a support plan. Customers who bought/upgraded/activated Pro Tools 11 by December 31, 2014 received extended coverage through March 2016."
Yes
This is a hard question to answer. It all depends on the complexity of your sessions - how many plugins, tracks, etc.
We pour the unused fluid back into the jug, and then put water into the machine and run it with water in it to help rinse everything out, including the wands. When we put fluid into the machine, it is normally in it for 6-7 hours, then clean it as we said. (we actually run it on and off for about 30 minutes total)
I Just ordered a new motor after 1 1/2 years of use & it looks like 4 watts & 110-120 volts ( 5-6 revs per minute ) hope that helps !!
When I was using it, I was able to leave it on for 3-5 hours no problem. However, I was using it in bursts. For a constant use, you will need a steady bubble supply. I do want to warn you though, this will produce A LOT of bubbles. I can't image using this in a mall. I was using it for rave-style parties and it did the job quite well. It will also leave a very slippery mess on the floor, especially if using it all day long. This might be a liability you might want to avoid. Or look into a machine that produces much less bubbles.
I've had this for a year and we use it in the backyard with little kids (ages 3-7) all the time. It has never tipped over. I suppose it could spill over if it's filled to the edge but there is no reason to do that.
I never left it on for more than 30 mins.... it was for a toddler birthday party... they were dancing in the bubbles and ended up coated in very smelly bubble solution... mommy had to shut it down lol It holds quite a bit of solution so I imagine it could run for an hour or more. Only wish there was a low and high setting. it's a little intense in a small space.
No, but it's power cord is fairly long as is it's remote. :)
I do not know. Probably China or Taiwan.
I use 2 different brands that I bought at Party City, and they seem to work fine.
i just rinse it out after every use. do it a couple of times.
I have had it happen to me on accident more than once and it still works completely fine so I'd have to safe that you shouldn't have to worry.
I have this unit. KS-886 is the complete model number.
Yes, as long as it is in karaoke format.
Just go to acekaraoke.com
Yes, it appears so- it has both a USB slot and a place to insert an SD card. We just use the discs though. My daughter received this for Xmas last year (2012) and it is still going strong without any problems. She has it connected to her television and uses it a lot. It was well worth the money in our opinion. Sound quality? Obviously not that of a professional Karaoke setup- but then it didn't cost near as much either. Hopefully this helped :)
yes. But I had to return because of quality of sound
no
no camera that I can see.
It would give the sum of the two channels L and R into the interface port. The stereo image coming out of the mixer from the L and R port into the Y patch cable is stereo up till that point. When it passes through the Y cable, it becomes a summed signal or mono.
I Got This For Band Practice For Me And My Guitar Player To SingThrough The Same Channel The Problem We Had Was My Mic Was All Ways Louder Than Could , But That Could Be The Two Different Mics We Were Using If You Use The Same Condenser Mics It Should Work Fine
Yes that is what we are using it for here!
Works ok for corded microphone
This is a mono hook up to send one mono source signal to two separate mono inputs like the XLR L or R input on two different speakers. You would need a second patch cable to handle the other channel. It does not combine signals to make a stereo signal. It is mono in, mono out, either way the signal is flowing.
yes, unfortunately. it is required and included.
Hey Rick, I looked at AVID's website (the maker of Pro Tools), and it looks like you have to pay $299 for the PT 11 upgrade, and $599 for the PT 11 HD version upgrade. PT 11 lists for $699 on AVID's website. So depending on what you paid for PT 10, you might want to consider returning it and buying PT 11 outright... If the seller offered you a free upgrade, I'd contact them. Sorry, that's all I got... Hope it helps!
If I remember correctly, it had a new iLok stick with it, ready to activate. Hope this helps...
Yes it does.
Yes
Yes
The programs come on several DVDs. You have to install the program first using the DVDs. The iLok is used to run the program for production. You will have to register the program with iLok and use the included iLok USB device. Whenever you run the program, the USB device has to be plugged in. Native Instruments, Melodyne, and many of the other professional audio programs use the USB ILok device. The iLok device is easier to use than it used to be. If you have any other further questions, don't hesitate to ask. I hope this is helpful.
If it has ASIO drivers for windows or core audio for Mac you should be good to go
I believe so
You can get "11" in HD... I don't know if "10" is available...?
Donna mine did not, a good pair of headphones are crutial also for those late night practices or hearing it really loud. The action on the keyboard is superb. Its by far the best for the money but I would only count on the keyboard a good Double braced stand is better than the one they send also. Even at that though it plays like my 2000.00 dollar yamaha p200.
It is designed in the US and manufactured in China.
No
Just sustain.
I'm pretty sure it does. It has a lot of options. I'm 95% sure it does.
52 1/8 in x 14 1/4 in x 30 3/4 in Width x Depth x Height Removable Music stand is about 7 1/2 inches higher than top of piano.
Yes, it does. But....don't count on the quality
No.
The piano will adjust the touch to a degree and compared with many other digital pianos it feels close to a regular piano. The piano does transpose and I used this feature a few times. However, if there is a way to know what key you are changing to, I haven't figured it out. The instruction manual is not thorough. As I said you can change the key but you have very little control as to what key.
Most sad cards s/b comparable. Don't understand why you would need usb charger.
The song selection on the free disc are awful. I have never played any of them.
Yes
Have never downloaded app but bought most of my singing cd's from Amazon. We do a lot karaoke and Amazon has a good variety to choose from.
I'm very sorry to be just seeing your question now! I think that with all of the holiday promotion emails I just ignored it when I saw that it was from Amazon! I am also sorry to say that I cannot recall all of its compatibilities. I believe it had a cord that made it compatible with any mp3 player but just through audio so you could sing along with your favorite music. My daughter had been a little young for all of it's capabilities because she couldn't read at the time that we got it! Time to pull it out again! Thank you for the reminder! We really did enjoy it!
It has audio and video inputs and outputs.
I can't honestly say Don,I've never owned one but I can tell u this much,I bought my daughter the gf827 and she loves it! It's really simple to hook up,has great clarity and is alot of fun. Hope that helped some....
It's labeled as being made in China . Being an experienced guitar player I was excited to try out the banjo and thought to begin with this price was fine . It looked good enough.Turns out I was wrong very very cheaply made, strings broke with the first tuning and most of the screw and fastenings with either loose or broken .... I do not recomend
The one I ordered only came with the banjo, strings, and a few other pieces for the instrument. You will have to buy a case and stand separately, but these can be as cheap as $20.
Its a closed back. I got it for my daughter for christmas last year. It will need tuned and adjustedand for the money its nice.
It was included in mine, but it wouldn't fit on this particular model. It didn't fit with the lug spacing on this model.
So judging by the other three answers, the correct answer is "no."
I've not done this but I have bougth guitar parts from various vendors. There are many companies that sell 'gold plated' hardware. I have bought Gover tuners (gold) to replace some on a Les Paul that were great. I don't know if anyone has 'gold plate' hardware for a 'Telecaster' style guitar. Another possibility is to take the parts to a jewler and see if they might gold plate them for you. (I would NOT do this with the Pick-ups, however.) The bridge plate and other HW could be plated ... but remember gold is soft and without an OVERCOAT it will scratch easily.
thickest neck I've ever played... Think of it as a U shape neck on steroids...
Honestly not that good. It's real dense and dents very easy. Also one of my frets was way short so short the high e barely hits it.
These bodies are made of basswood, not mahogany. They would be more expensive if mahogany. Basswood is easily sanded and stained. Glue stains will show up after staining. There are plenty of instructional videos on YouTube.
Yes. Soldering of the electrical will be required.
It is very much normal. Look on YouTube for assembly experiences from other owners. It isn't a particularly difficult task to undertake without a manual.
Depending on the item. Most will be shipped via UPS or FedEx.
as an e11 owner i can confidently say that this is an e11 Bb clarinet
That case in pictures is the standard issue from the manufacturer. Should come with the instrument.
Made in Germany. However, it came with a wrong mouth piece and ligature, so we need to buy a clarinet mouth piece and ligature separately.
I'm not sure who this was directed at, but please feel free to give us a call at 516-433-1107 ext. 106 and I'd be happy to help you. Thanks, Justin Hyson Music
I haven't used it directly with that camera, but if your camera has an 1/8" (3.5mm) mic input or an XLR input it should work. (just make sure if you are using the 1/8" input you pay attention to the direction written on the cable, as it does make a difference.)
This mic should work anywhere -- I don't see why it wouldn't
It doesn't make any difference. The only reason you would want a specific channel number is in case you work with someone else, who was within 300 feet of you, who has the same channel. You wouldn't want that but otherwise, the channel doesn't make any difference. We just have to put a channel down for Amazon
According to the manual for the Panasonic HC-V750K it has a mini stereo mic input so yes this will connect into that model. Not all cameras have the mic input so you need to check and make sure it has one. I use them with the mic input on several canon cameras similar to the Panasonic and my Nikon D800. I use the supplied XLR input on my Panasonic AC-90s and have been very pleased with the results of the microphone on all the cameras.
There is no replacement batteries. The equipment comes with a built-in lithium battery that are up to 8 hours of use. You may recharge them up to 5,000 times. I bought it about one year ago and I'm very satisfied with the product.
We are a Samson dealer and we do sell windscreens for the Samson Airline Micro Camera Thank you Kim at Burlington Recording 516-678-4414
Im not sure I'm on the east coast. But if you call samson they can help you out. Only takes a minute
Rob, Don't buy this item. I bought it for a documentary I was making in Peru. The quality is poor, range is short, and it now doesn't work. Splurge on a more expensive one, it'll be worth it. Zach
From a brief look at Google, I would say yes. But you might want to look at the Harbinger specs of the speakers and look to see if they have a speaker stand "tophat" or a attachment. I saw pictures with these speakers on stands, these stands are standard size, so you should be good.
not familiar with the fender speakers - they will probably be ok - i would spend a few dollars more and get a higher quallity stand
Yes, I am using them with a Behringer PA system.
34,7 mm
They will hold them but I would consider a sturdier stand if you plan to use them outside. Wind will limit the bass response as the stands flex and may cause a danger issue if it's a strong wind.
These will do just fine. You'll be pleased with them.
Kelly, the post supporting the speaker is about 1 3/8 inches in diameter or roughly 35 mm. You will need to check the specs for the Kustom 50 PA. It should indicate the hole size located at the bottom of the speaker. Hope this helps you.
It's made of aluminum. All the knobs made of plastic and metal.
Yes.
Yes
Yes it's reliable and attaches to the scroll very well. The problem with all Snarks (I own about half a dozen for various instruments) is that the little stalk swivel system is fragile. There is a stalk with a ball on each end, inserting into a socket on the back of the tuner and on the top of the attachment clip. Either one of these sockets have little plastic tabs that can be broken pretty easily if you are rough with them. Of the two socket joints, and the one on the back of the tuner itself is the one that tends to break easiest. Aside from that, the tuner will read chords if your double-stops are accurate, and reads fast enough to check your intonation while playing, at least on slower tunes.
I think it's pretty solid. I've read reviews of them falling apart as they come out of the packaging (which I'm not saying wasn't their experience), but mine seems well put together. You would really have to pull at the ball joint to get to come apart.
SN8 is latest deluxe model with tighter grop. Full line comparison at https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KErujaNBr98
The SN-8 is supposed to be brighter, easier to read and faster. I don't know if that's true or not. I bought it for my 13 year old son, a beginner guitar player and he was able to tune his guitar with no problem, so it easily met his needs. Snark brand was recommended by his teacher. I actually looked at the SN-2 but, at the time is wasn't available through Prime and the SN-8 was, so I bought it.
Yes that is one of the instruments m my son uses it for.
Absolutely
Yes it does. I just clip it to the bell.
Defective--return it! I own four and they all work flawlessly--best tuner by far that I have ever tried
Yes, of cource. It'll be a good choice for your son's guitar.
This will definitely NOT open up to 1.5 inches. I use it on my baritone ukulele if that helps with scale. Not sure about the chromatic part. Here's a pretty good review on YouTube that shows how small/big it is. I hope this helps you!
It is made of wood. I don't know much about mandolins, but to me it seemed of a very good quality. My son plays guitar, and I bought this as a Christmas gift for him as something new to try. I showed it to my co-workers when it arrived, and they were also impressed. Hope this helps you.
No it does not.
Yes it does.
No mine uses the loop ends. That dosnt mean yours does you must remove tailpiece cover.
This was a gift for my wife ... She said it is easy to learn and here only musical experience was the trumpet in high school... This is a nice Instrament and all around package for the price.
Yes.
It did not. I just bought a little $6 dollar one. It served it's purpose
The mandolin I got was an A-style mandolin, it looks just like what is in the picture.
Hi John, Just give us a heads up when you place your order, and we can make sure to send it in an unmarked box, although there isn't much we can do about the size of the box. :-) We also ship to alternate addresses, such as places of work or neighbors/family/friends. Kind regards, Heather Case Kennedy Violins 1.800.779.0242
Hi Liz, Yes, we do ship to Canada! Here is a link that may help you with your question.
Dark with a slight cherry tint. Looks old.Very nice color
I think this is a good starter violin. Everything you need is there. The violin has good sound quality, stays in tune and has decent resonance. It will take a good while and a lot of practice before you grow out of this violin.
Mine have been set up. I love those violins. You won't be disappointed.
You will need to buy a stand separately.
the body is hardwood, but not the Pegs and Fingerboard
Yes, the bow strings are from real horse hair. If you want to be 100% certain, you can go to their website by typing in "Kennedy Violins" on google and contact them to ask if they are real or not, but in most case, especially if the violin itself is not a VSO (Violin Shape Object), then the bow should be real as well.
I bought it for my daughter for 11 years and served him well
Yes.
The nut is made out of a hard plastic, Delrinn type plastic.
Inch and five eighths
Yes you can fit the cover on this bridge. Fender put these on the Telecaster as a way to cover what they thought was an ugly bridge and pickup assembly. It did look good but what happened was players were picking towards the bridge and getting that twangy Telecaster sound and some players liked to muffle the strings to get that chunky sound. The cover will take away from some of that playing style. This is why a lot of players took em off. on occasion I run across these covers but I prefer not to use em for my playing style. You are one of two players that I ever heard of actually wanting that cover. Long story short, YES, the cover will fit and it is pretty much a snap on deal. That ashtray style bridge lends itself to all the Twangy and chunky-chunk Telecaster tone that this guitar is known for with the bridge pickup position. I hope you get this guitar and really enjoy it.
Looks like some generic white plastic stuff ... nothing fancy but it seems to work. No buzzes and tuning is pretty stable for a Tele. If you are even thinking about getting one of these, do it! You won't be sorry.
Yes it does. 21 This is from the spec sheet: Fender FSR Standard Ash Telecaster Electric Guitar Features: Body: Ash Neck: 1-Piece Maple, Modern "C" Shape, (Tinted Satin Urethane Finish) Fingerboard: Maple, Fingerboard radius: 9.5" Radius (241mm) No. of Frets: 21 Medium Jumbo Pickups: 2 Hot Standard Tele Single-Coil Pickups (Neck & Bridge) Controls: Master Volume, Master Tone Pickup Switching: 3-Position Blade: Position 1. Bridge Pickup Position 2. Bridge and Neck Pickups Position 3. Neck Pickup Bridge: Standard 3-Barrel String-Thru-Body Bridge Machine Heads: Fender/Ping Standard Cast/Sealed Tuning Machines Hardware: Chrome Pickguard: 3-Ply Parchment Scale Length: 25.5" (648mm) Width at Nut: 1.650" (42mm) Strings: Fender Super 250L, Nickel Plated Steel, Gauges: (.009, .011, .016, .024, .032, .042), p/n 073-0250-003 Finish: Polyester Introduced: 11/2008 This guitar is basically a '52 reissue but resembles Bill Kirchen's guitar. Notice where the pickup selector switch is? This is the way he sets up his guitars for his style of playing. This is the hammer of the honky tonk gods.
Ready to go. Plug in and let her rip!
Mexico i think. Sounds great!
No
No case but not an issue my fsr is always in my hands. Get it u will not be disappointed. No brainer get it, worry about a case when you need to travel.
Mine is a concert.
I believe it is called a pick guard. It comes with the uke but isn't attached. You attach it if you want it. I left it off of mine. Hope this helps.
Ours arrived safely, no problems, but we received it in the US.
Yes, indeed! It comes with a nice little gig bag with a front pocket. It doesn't have a shoulder strap, though. All it has is a handle.
No, it does not.
All I can say is that this is the best uke ever! It sounds fantastic as an acoustic and rocks the house "plugged-in". If you don't have one, you should get one and try it yourself. It is by far the most popular instrument in my uke group. That might have something to do with who I am as a performer, but a lot to do with the instrument itself.
No... as far as I know it is only this concert size one
yep, just like the big boys, 1/4 inch plug. I strongly suggest you use some sort of AMP with this. The acoustic is very low on its own. A fun amp to carry around with this is the 20.00 dollar Honeytone by Danelectro. They team up quite nicely together.
You don't need an amp to play it; however, the sound was un-amped is poor.
Yes, it sounds amazing when hooked up to the amp!
500 watts at 8 ohms would also recommend bass bins speakers are very good on the highs but lows need help
Decent bass and great clarity in the mids and highs I
yes
They are heavy, approx 35-40lbs each
This course takes a student from such basics as holding a guitar correctly and learning the notes on the strings to the most advanced techniques. So, yes it's for beginners and can be used by more advanced players as well because they can watch only the relevant parts.
I'm not sure what the guarantee is through Amazon; but this is a great product. Steve Krenz is a great guitar teacher. His presentation of each lesson is thorough and easy to follow. The web support that is offered through Gibson is included with the purchase. I rate it A+.
It's still a good package either way
Try logging to www.learnandmaster.com/freetools
All the sets I have looked at on Amazon are the 10 DVD set and NOT the current expanded 20 DVD version available on the GibsonUSA website. Don't get ripped off by buying the 10 DVD set.
Nope. That's why I sent them back.
0 cymbals pal; kit only.
I believe when you buy a set like this, you only get the shells and drum heads. It's a decent set.
No, it uses passive pickups
They are metallic.
I don't know the gauge of the strings, but they are standard bass strings. The lowest (thickest) string is a B below the standard 4-string bass's E. BEADG
The bass is 44" overall, the fretboard is 26".
no
Yes. The guitar arrived in a large box fully assembled.
52 inches L X 11 inches width X 4.5 inches height
Any earphones that feel comfortable and have good clean sound, and that have a phone jack like this one: http://www.freeimages.com/photo/972402
You can connect the Digital piano to a computer and exchange MIDI data between them.you can send play data from Digital piano to music software rurning on your computer or you can sent MIDI data from your computer to Digital piano for playback
There is no stand for the piano.
Yes
I don't think so. It plugs in, and I didn't see any kind of battery pack
We just ordered this keyboard and it does come with a foot pedal. The keyboard appears to be made well but the foot pedal feels cheap. It probably won't last long. Yes, there is an output jack for headphones but we have not used one yet. We are happy with our purchase. Hope you enjoy yours.
Huh?
A fake book is a collection of musical lead sheets intended to help a performer quickly learn new songs.
This was the book we were recommended to use for our soprano and concert ukes. I don't know about baritone, though.
9x12 w/o spirals, 10x12 with spirals, 3/4 inch thick
http://www.dailyukulele.com/dailyukulele365/ukulele/ukulele_songlist.html
U need something to hook it up to. Personally did not like it but u might.
Junk - I gave it away on free-cycle
Yes
If you haven't bought it yet then save your money. It's a piece of junk.
I wish I would asked this question before I bought this for a Christmas present. Apparently you need an amp to connect it to, which we don't have, so we've never even used these :(
zero they both stopped working by the second time I used them, these are crap don't waste your time or money!
DON'T SPEND ANY MONEY ON THIS PRODUCT!!! GEMINI OR GEMSOUND MAKE DECENT ENTRY LEVEL MIC'S. There are specific mic's or adapters for ipads and tvs. Just look on amazon.
IBoughtItForAFriendInCostaRicaAndItWorksFineSheLovesItButICouldn'tTellYouInSouthAmericaAFarAsIKnowItShouldIDon'tSeeWhyNotButICouldn'tTellYouFromPersonalExperienceSorry
Just for your information, I don't know if it can be done because the mikes were such a piece of junk after trying it and getting just static and very poor reception I sent them back to Amazon. Good luck, but I think you should upgrade your system.
e connect the microphones to a karaoke machine for our meetings and they work wonderfully. We haven't tried to connect them to a computer..
2 one on each side of the unit
THERE SHOULD BE A MANUFACT. WARRANTY ON THE UNIT
No, this is a playback only unit. No write capability
I don't know yet. It's too early to say because I just bought it last December. But no complaints yet
You can but someone has to be there to fade in and out otherwise there will be some lag in between.
There is a one year factory warranty.
It is 110v. You would have to provide a 240v -&gt; 110v converter
No it doesn't....
There is no speed control on this unit. You may wish to look at something like Pyle Pro PDCD4000 which does have speed control.
Yes can change the pitch . CDs are better then the MP3, & the WAVE file gives a better sound then & it sounds better like a LIVE sound. I love this Gemini 2250 & is still using CD's on my Gigs & many people love the sound have .
I haven't tested it for distance. I did use it for the traditional clip position, and it was not as pronounced as desired but I could raise it in software without a problem. The bigger problem is the little foam cover falls off easily.
Can't say for sure, but it worked well with my Canon-Vixia. It is a straight forward 1/8" input, like a headphone jack uses. I like it and has worked well. :)
As far as I know, the iPhone lacks a microphone input other than it own mic. If it has an input, the Pearstone OLM-10 uses a 1/8-inch male mini-plug and supplies and adapter for 1/4-inch,
I use energizer rechargeables. Costco has batteries called en-loop. AA NiHM batteries are the best.
You will need a cable that fits your camara input or external mic to the output on this unit I think is 1/8 to 1/4 in both ends malel
I have only used either mic a maximum of 50 feet, and have not had any issues with reception.
Uses AC adapter, input AC100-240V 50/60HZ, output, DC 13.5V Hope this helps.
Yes. But the hand held has extremely poor pick up of your voice. I returned my purchase. Maybe yours will be better. I would look at all the reviews before purchasing.
This is two transmitters and their receiver. They are made to plug into a sound system, so yes, you will need an amp and speakers.
No
This is not a complete question. If you think the price is too good to be true, you may be surprised. It is not an industrial strength product, but for our small church it works very well. When plugged into the audio system, it functions perfectly.
Yes, both the handheld and the lapel. We love them. The headset doesn't work for public speaking, but the other two are great.
It uses a 12-volt alkaline MN21 battery, like these: http://www.amazon.com/Duracell-MN21B2PK-Electronic-Keyless-Alkaline/dp/B00009V2QM/
no
We have this laser in stock, and it can ship the same day as long as the order is placed before 2PM PST
This is a soft case, so I don't think I would use it for an airplane.
It wasn't easy to find one. I wound up with a road runner keyboard porter. It holds my collapsible x-stand, YPG-235, and essential accessories. I really like it.
The bag works fine for me, even though I don't use it much. My keyboard generally stays put.
I would be happy to tell you, if you can measure the length and width of the keyboard.
I think it will with no problem. I have the bag and another 76-key Yamaha keyboard and mine fits perfectly.
Hi Andrea, The dimensions for the Piagero 76 keys are 51 x 11 x 22 inches, while your Yamaha DGX 230 is 50.3 x 10.6 x 22 inches. This means your Piano is one 0.3 inch shorter, not significant at all. Your Piano should fit perfectly on this bag.
Yes Product Dimensions: 55 x 15 x 26 inches; 3 pounds
Hi, I used it for np-v60. NP-v60 fits perfect there. I don't know how about np11.
I doubt it. This bag holds a keyboard that is very thin....the Yamaha NP-30
Not sure of the dimensions, as my classes are at the studio. It will fit the NP-V80 perfectly. I have others I store an NP-11 in, and I had to add a 2"-square stip of foam across the back and front, and a 2"x6"x4" piece of foam to both sides so they would nest in the case. Hope this helps.
Yes it does
Yes it is made in China.
There is no adjustment allowance or setting for pitch play. It is purely a beat/tempo machine. I have another metro that does pitch (not gifted with perfect pitch myself) and it seems the pitch that comes out of this little thing is 440 but I can't guarantee that nor does it sustain the sound. It plays only a beat length so it would be difficult to use as a pitch machine anyway. Sorry I couldn't help more.
No
Unit range is 30 - 270 BPM. Great little unit (use for guitar and cadence work when out running).
Beats me. It would only work with a new battery and then never again, until another battery was installed. Three batteries and I gave up.
Yes
I am not sure, it is a handy device and has various time
Yes it does. You can adjust the volume as well.
Yes, it has a speaker.
Sorry, I have outdated equipment: iPad 2 and iPhone 4. The microphone works very well with what I have, so I would imagine that it would work equally as well with the iPad Air.
Yes, as long as you take the wind screen off. I find it gives a scratchy sound to audio. As long as you are not too close to the audio source your levels should not be overblown.
No software included. Works with any recorder app though. One warning - with this mic plugged in, default playout is sent to (nonexistent) earphones. Got to unplug the mic to hear through phone speaker.
Yes it does. I purchased it for my HTC One and it works marvelously.
Yes, works with 4 & 4S perfectly.
It doesn't work well with any phone. I never did get mine to work. Even after I downloaded their app. Don't waste your money. Buy a dedicated recorder. Preferably a quality unit. Their brand is good just not this product. Cheap plastic.
No. It says iPhone 4 only but even with that I haven't been able to get it to work. It looks like it is doing something, it is picking up sound, but it is not recording it. I'd have sent it back but too much time went by.
I don't know, does it have an old 30 pin connector? Can you get the app for it? I have a. Samsung note 2 that does but I don't believe this will work on anything but iphone 4. The box is all chinese and has something about iPhone 5, but I know that doesn't work I have both. Anyway my point is the item says for iPhone 4 and it does work but you have to take the phone out of the protective case and use it that way. I had an old iPhone 4 so I bought it for that but otherwise, I'd say get a stand alone voice recorder.
Never could get the device to record ANYthing! Even with the recommended software purchase. Sorry.
I have used it on an iPod 4g but it will not work on the latest iPhones... connector is different. It works with the old style iPod/iPhone connector...
I've recorded voice conversations between two people. It worked well - just make sure you angle towards the person or peopple you want to capture. It is one piece. You can use SoundCloud.com to upload your recordings to better manage them.
I do not believe it would work as it requires a onscreen interface to use...
It plugs into the 30 pin connection for an iPhone or iPod touch. So I would have to say no it would not work with android devices
Certainly with iphone 4 and 4s. But i had read that with adapter it works with iphone 5 and beyond. My problem is solved- my phone was faulty- it works with other iphone 4. Android phones- dont know. Maybe with a possible adapter. Try Google. All the best- mic is fantastic!!!
Yes, this is a really good product you can use it anywhere inside your house
My panels are 24" x 48". The 24" width looks to be very accurate and consistent. However, the 48" length varies slightly longer, about 1/8", here and there. I guess you'd have to see the factory process for that to make sense.
Yes, they can be cut easily with a long kitchen knife.
You would have to contact the manufacturer. It claims to be safe, and there is a general warning about fiberglass material. But it doesn't apply with this product...
KittyKatGirl, If you want the best quality for your singing (because I am sure you want no static or any other background noises like water dripping or heaters turning on) I would actually suggest the Blue Yetti. The Snowball has great quality HOWEVER it has a tendency to pick up background noise more easily since it has 2 microphones one in the front and one in the back. The Yetti is not too much more expensive, and it also has dials to change the way it acquires sounds. The Snowball has what I call a Wide Range. It picks up noises from the far right, left, up and down. The Yetti has the ability to be Wide Range or Short Range. If you were to pick either the iCE or the Regular I would pick the iCE. Brendan O'Shaughnessy
This a USB only microphone
ps4 yes idk about xbox
Yes, it is.
This microphone is excellent and has a multi-directional capability. I have used it for recording live music, webcastings and other uses with the need to capture more than one voice or sound. For the money this is an excellent mic and functions with ease.
noo, its just a usb, should not require much power at all.
If you but headphones on, you will hear your voice, otherwise you will not hear you, until you play back your file. Are you using the microphone in Audacity or Garage Band?
At least 5 feet
You should get a pop filter for any mic you get. It will make your recordings sound much better ( if you're using it for voice recording).
You can mount it on a mic stand, it fits standard mic stands like On Stage products Ect.
No wrong frequency
It is Fire resistant
One of the perceived benefits (generally) of this stuff is that it doesn't support organic growth of any type.
Yes, but a razor blade knife works very well
depends on what kind of frame - I've got a few of these just surrounded by 1x3 pine and some burlap over the front, hung on the wall and they're fine without fasteners. It's pretty stiff and definitely won't fold or lose shape to fall out of a frame. hung from the ceiling I put one piece of 1x3 in front of the board also and that's enough to keep it in place. you could probably nail all the way through to hold in place, but nailing into the edges would just pull out and/or shred
While I love the Rockboard I bought thru Amazon for between the wall insulation I'd probably go with a thick fiberglass insulation instead (R30 or R38 if it will fit.). At that point I'd buy some Rockboard and make some panels to hang on the wall to make the room sound better. Good luck!
You will need to make a frame if you intend on attaching the cloth with stables. While the rockboardis quite firm it is not firm enough for the stables to hold. The frame will help you hang or attach the rockboard to a wall. I used a frame with inside directions of 24 x 49 per a book I read but I believe 24 x 50 will work without having to cut the rockboard. If you make smaller panels the rockboard is easily cut with a carving knife.
You can just "hang" them via some screws/nails, I haven't tried adhesive, but they're pretty ugly. Very easy to cut but it takes some practice to make "straight" lines. The next time I get some I'm probably going to try scissors instead of a knife just because I think it'll probably work better... a steak knife cuts through this similar to a butter knife through a cold stick of butter though.
Although there is some sound-proofing, it's not what it's made for. It enhances audio by absorbing reflections. And it is insulation, so it will keep cold cold, and hot hot.
Nope. Never needed to. Just put in corners and scatter a few high an low.
yup, good for anyone, three things 1) tune it - there are online tuners, smartphone apps, or handheld tuners. but keep it in tune. 2) use you tube for lessons and chords and how to play songs 3) (most importantly) NEVER PUT IT DOWN. practice practice practice. i have been playing for over 25 years and i always have a guitar in my hands even if it's laying on the floor watching TV. good luck have fun, guitars and music has brought great joy into my life.
Not perfect, but very close. I loosened the truss rod about a quarter turn, lowered the bridge a couple turns, and made a tiny adjustment on the bridge to intonate it. If you know how to do that, you can have it playing perfectly in 5 minutes. If not, watch enough youtube videos to figure it, save the $50 a guitar shop would charge you for 5 minutes of work, and it will be just fantastic.
It's a 24 3/4" scale, takes a little getting used to if you play Fenders.
The P90 pickups are higher output single coils. A Fender will hum when not in the 2 or 4 position, and the P90 on this guitar moreso because the output is higher. I use P90s for most anything, but if you want a very clean sound or want to put a lot of effects the hum can be insurmountable. A noise gate can stop it, or stick with the (mostly) hum-cancelling middle position.
No, an instrument cable is not provided.
Didn't like it the bridge causes the strings to move all around so it goes out of tune really easy. Just the guitar was in the box
The windscreens are approximately 1 inch long, with a 3/8 inch hole that will stretch somewhat. The order that I worked with included five of the devices and I was able to stretch the first windscreen to fit the longnecked mini microphone that we use on the pulpit at our church.
I have the Logitech behind the head headset, and they fit great. Love these things! Completely stops all the wind noise from breathing and my ceiling fan.
I can't be 100% on it, but we use the E-Mic (looks like the QE headset) at several of my gym locations and they work for me.
Yes it is. I use a headset in cycle class is a 24-hour fitness and it's a perfect fit.
I managed to fit the windscreen on a pulpit microphone with a 12" gooseneck although it did take some effort. The windscreen was marginally successful because our users were used to speaking closer to the older style mic that was in place prior to this. However, some success has been experienced by continuing the education of the users. Hope this helps. Jim
Well those isomaxx podium microphones. I am not 100% sure but it should fit either good or a little tight
It would not fit the mic on a Audio-Technica PRO8HE Headset, because it isn't cylindrical. That fat mic head is way too big for anything bigger than a Wendy's thick cut french fry.
They were large for my mic. So what I did was put black electrical tape around the end. Still works like a charm after over a year.
Even if they aren't a snug fit on the mic arm, you can always cinch a small tie wrap around it to secure it. They can be purchased at most hardware stores or a Radio Shack.
Depends ... what SIZE is the microphone?
no the clx is for classical guitars not 355s or dreadnaughts
Your guitar is a jumbo body design, I believe. It should fit this case: Stagg GCX-JBZ Bronze Tweed Deluxe Jumbo Guitar Case. A jumbo design is a bit wider across the lower bout than a dreadnought.
My tweed (Stagg gcx-wgd) is used for a Taylor Dreadnaught. Mine fits like a glove. This will not fit your concert size guitar perfectly, but still quite suitably. I have used a dreadnaught case similar to this for a concert guitar before and it worked just fine for many years. This is really a good looking case, I think you'll be quite happy with it. At least, I'm very happy with mine. everyone who sees it, remarks about it. I hope this helps you. Good luck and KEEP PLAYING!!!
This case did not fit my Martin HD-28 well enough to satisfy me. Too much clearance made for a fit that was way too sloppy. I returned the case.
Yes, it's the same size as the Epi EJ200, it's a perfect fit.
I don't think so, isn't the J45 a slop shoulder dread? If so this Jumbo will not fit is correctly. I believe you want to look for a standard dread. I have a Recoding King Slope and it fits in a dread case very well. The only thing that may not fit well (depending on the case) is up at the shoulder area, it may be a bet loose, but that will not really make too much of a difference since the lower bout and length will be the guitar stable in the case. Hope this helps...happy playing!
It holds my Fender acoustic nice and snug..case looks look :) I'm happy.
Yes it has balanced outputs. This is dual monaraul and pseudo balanced.
No, the Teac UD-H01 only supports conventional PCM files. However, the Teac UD-501 supports DSD files, at both 2.8 and 5.6MHz, as well as conventional PCM files.
Not unless your turntable has a digital output, but that would be a strange way of listening to vinyl. This is really meant for decoding digital sources.
Check the instruction manual; I believe it's available on the TEAC website.
I'm using a standard USB cable and it sounds fantastic. Just make sure the cable has an A end and a B end--as you say, a printer type cable.
Mine did not. It came with an AC cable and RCA connectors. Page 4 of the manual lists the box contents.
No not natively, only with JRiver doing conversion to PCM and down conversion, basically with lots of processing.
I believe teac makes European models with 230v plug. You would need an adaptor to take the voltage down to 110-115 if you want to use the American version of the product.
The Teac UDH01 has 2 RCA outputs - It should work fine. You can download the manual in advance from the Teac website just to make sure it will do what you want it to do. Using the RCA outs, I drive an old Harmon-Kardon stereo head with 2- JPL Venues and a JBL sub-woofer. Awesome!
$20 DAC can up-conversion to 192 kHz now; This DAC that usb input & coax input are up-converted too
es buena de mas y de que la compre hace un 1 ao esta todava como si fuera nueva y suena duro y bien
Is just one
absolutely
Yes you can
As far as I know it doesn't have Bluetooth.
Yes
If you mean as a stage monitor the quick answer is yes. the units are portable and easily carried weighing under 40 pounds. There are a multitude of inputs so connection to your PA is a snap. You can even use it as a stand alone for your back up music files from a PC, I-Pod, phone and so forth. Should you want to use this as a Studio monitor there are better options out there.
Just need a mike cable for a second speaker. Assuming the second is another PPHP 127. Just connect the line out from the speaker being used as the master to the line in of the second speaker.
yes it does
It has to be plugged into 120 VAC.
Any three prong cord for an amp, movie projector, or any PC cord will work. I have used several different cords on mine and they all work just fine.
this works great for those types of events. if you are trying to please the hard party people get two otherwise one is enough.
One speaker will be enough. It is a good quality speaker.
No. This is a large powered speaker that you can input an audio source into. Microphone. iPod. Etc.
No
it will NOT turn it on, but will do volume
Yes
Yes
I Only have. Not sure
I think they dont have a fuse, I have a 12" which blow off and doesnt have any fuse. The problem is a capacitor and a short con the toroidal transformer which by theway is not easy to get
I don't that it has an on/off switch so when you plug it in, it's on.
I mean it should I have the pro and it works
eh yes it will pic up your voice but there is a lot of static so if you know how to edit to get the noise out of there i wouldn't recommend this mic
It does work work on laptops but you have to have a 3.5 mm mic jack on ur computer. It does not plug into USB
Mines did the samething you would have to bare it, but the mic is still good. Maybe the mic is not fully compatable with the computer.
Use any standard miniUSB cable
I've had a pretty good experience with the Tascam DR-100 MkII, no problems so far. But one of the default things I do with memory cards is to always format it in the unit I am using it in to avoid error problems. New SD cards really ought to be formatted in the unit. And very likely reformatted after several deletes of recordings to clear the memory card of junk and old data. But you might want to make sure your batteries are fully charged up if you are not connected to an AC power supply. Formatting the SD card takes awhile. Rather slow formatting speeds. I would use smaller SD card too if I were you so that you don't have all the recorded "eggs" in on basket.
made in China
Not enough gain, so no.
it came with windscreen, remote control (wired and wireless), a simple bag and charger. No hot shoe...
At reasonable sound quality, the included 2GB card will last about 2 hours before the card is maxed out.
Yes and No. If you have 2 XLR mics...you can separate L and R in your software. Other than that... No ...as all other Mic options are an "either or" type of deal.
Yes, you can. Best if using XLR for L/R, but it also accepts 1/4" inputs. Make sure line level out and may have to tweak gain on mixer out and on recorder in.
SD or SDHC. 8Gb cards are inexpensive and should be perfectly adequate for the files that you will produce.
The device has a place for an SD card. Take out the ad card and put it in the drive on the computer
I have music disks that have piano music on them and there are enough songs on each one, that it will play about 40 to 45 mins. each disk which is nice for parties. I do this quite often when entertaining. Everyone is impressed by this. It looks beautiful and sounds great for the price.
The key touch isn't even, and some keys sometimes didn't have sound.
Yes - there's a headphone jack under the keyboard section. Excellent piano I thoroughly recommend
The piano is delivered by freight truck and weights 355 lbs so make sure you have men on hand to unload and set up
Natural piano sound is excellent especially with a little reverb. Also the church organ and harpsichord sounds are brilliant. I'm very impressed.
How can I get a sustain pedal effect?
Huge, dont really know dimensions but its BIG
I would like to know these dimensions, too, as well as the longest diagonal length.
Yes they are. It plays beautifully.
I bought a set for my wife, she's a runner. She no longer uses the bose in-ear or the shure over the ear headphone...only these. So, I guess....yeah :).
No.
No. it is with wire.
It's two different things. LG Tone is wireless set, XBA-S65 just simply headphone. I would not personally use LG Tone for sport activities, because 'necklace' would bother me a lot. If you are looking for good sounding sport headphones with exceptional fit and comfort, I would recommend - sony walkman nwz-w273. Plus is they have MP3 built in. I am using them on daily basis and still love them. Charge is good for 5-6 run sessions (50-60 min). Water proof (they designed for swimming, but I have doubt about that :) ) - I used them in heavy rains - no problem. And - NO cords!
No
Sorry. No idea about the warranty as I haven't had to use it.
Hi There, the contents of the case was the ocarina itself, a songbook with some tunes and a form with a link (no pun intended) to a page which has two wonderful booklets. Hope solve your issue. Cheers...Fabio
My 13 year old daughter likes it. It works, if you are musical.
Not that I know of. It is made by STL Ocarina Which is an American company. Very well made. I have bought others ocarina's from them before. You can find them on-line
If you know how to read the music or play it by ear, then yes. It may take some practice.
It is a Tenor Ocarina in C Major
Yes
It does not come with two. There is only one Ocarina in the box.
It's very close, but it's a little bit deeper. I actually think it sounds better.
No
yes, I've learned how to play it. but the book that this ocarina comes with does not have it. you will have to look it up online. but yes, you can play saria's song.
Yes but you need an adapter to connect to the 5s lighting connector.
only irig midi HD
It has a mini USB, but it is just for charging your ipad while playing.... I just looked at the manual, and it says nothing about using it for another purpose...
i tested on an ipad mini with 31 pins to lightning generic adaptor and not works. maybe with an original apple 31 pins to lightning adaptor.
It will fit a full size.
No. Only the shoulder rest needs to be removed. If you use one.
Only the shoulder rest. But it will not accommodate a large Bon Musica style rest at all. Great if you're using a kuhn style.
The bottom curve of the space to fit the violin was about 8.5" The top curve of the violin case was 7.25" and the entire length of space for the violin scroll to base was 2 feet.
Hi, It is 31" x 10" x 5" and weighs 4 lbs.
Not weighted. Touch sensitive but I don't recommend this keyboard. It only works with 1 of three midi cables I own. You're better off spending an extra $50 or so for an M-Audio. Only way I would recommend this is if it's always going to be used to produce in a home studio.
No, it does not. It is USB powered. It's a MIDI controller so chances are you'll have it plugged into something that can power it. Hope this helps!
Yes: The "61" is the number of keys, = 5 octaves X 12 plus the top C.
yes. about 40 inches. one end is regular USB male. the other fits a square-ish shaped plug on the keyboard.
Yes this product is Romaji Supported.
No, when you install it will give you the option for your language choice.
Yes. You can change the language from Japanese to English, Korean, Spanish, and Chinese.
Uninstall the Vocaloid 3 program then reinstall. You shouldn't need to uninstall the voice bank.
You can find more resource on the following link. http://www.vocaloid.com/en/lineup/guide/
The starter pack comes with the IA voice bank and the Vocaloid 3 editor, so you aren't missing anything! c:
This product used 120V AC power and converts it to 12V DC power. It will work for any type of 12V DC device. Beware though, polarity is important in DC devices. If it doesn't turn on at first, reverse the wires and it should work. Also, these transformers have a maximum load in watts. Be sure to know the watts of your string of devices. Do not overload the transformer. If you need to, buy two. That is the downside of using a lot of LED lighting devices. They may be cheap but the transformers and additional wiring can be expensive. Hope this helped.
You can do it both ways, I do it on the 120VAC side because the dimmers are good quality and fit in a standard electrical box ,a lot of the low voltage dimmers are different and wont fit in the box , I have done many installations and I use this dimmer http://www.homedepot.com/p/Lutron-Toggler-600-Watt-Single-Pole-3-Way-Eco-dim-Dimmer-White-TG-603PGH-WH/100663449?N=c34i#.Uo_ntWTF36A
It has a built in circuit breaker. And at least try not to overload it, with LED's. You should take your total potential watts of LED's and add a 20% safety margin. If total watt load will be 200 watts, you want a transformer with at least a 240 watt total load specification. Got it? Peter
Not that I know of. You might be able to repair with solder gun but not sure
Add up wattage make sure your no over 60watt. You can only go 16.5 ft max. I had this problem 1 time I changed trams. And fixed problem
for the 60W - it's 6"L x 2.5"W x 2.25"D
The LED Wholesalers website has a list of compatible dimmers and the DVLV-600P is on the list. http://ledwholesalers.com/instructions/dimmable_transformer_compatibility.htm
That information is correct. A compatible dimmer would be Lutron DVLV-600P.
Pre-made connectors are not available. Also, the dimmer referenced does not appear to be compatible with this dimmable transformer.
YES. This transformer can support LED strips in parallel or series as long as the sum of their Wattage is less than the 150W transformer rating. For safety, my electrical engineer recommends staying below 90% of that 150W, or about 135W. If running LED strips in series you will see some degradation in lighting due to the voltage drop if runs are too long. I pieced together two strips in parallel from the transformer for my deck railing. Each strip is spliced in sections, with wires soldered between sections to jump around railing posts. One spliced strip runs about 40ft with negligible voltage drop, as evidenced by no discernible change in light levels from the first to the last LED. Wire from the transformer to the beginning of each LED strip is 14guage outdoor landscaping wire. I also have a Leviton magnetic low voltage dimmer switch upstream of the transformer. Hope this helps, Sam
First you should speak with a electrician as you will have voltage drop issues on long runs. You need to find out fron the LED manufacture the maximum length you can have the led strip. For example if you want to have 100 linear feet and the max run is 25 feet, you will need to run multiple feeder lines from the transformer or from a main line. The easiest way to connect the LEDs to the transformer is to remove the 5mmDC jack leaving enough wire to splice the feeder wires from the transformer to the leds. Just remember to match the polarity (+ goes with +). If you look carefully you can see it on the LEDs. I would recommend soldering the feed wire to the LEDs. There are also snap-together clips available instead of soldering the wires. I hope this helps.
I would go 300w with a magnetic dimmer ( around 50 to 60 dollars)
Dimensions: 9.8 x 3 x 3 in.
I don't believe you will have any warranty with this device because the consumer can wire it incorrectly, short it out and try to blame the manufacture. This is standard in electronic components.
Depends on the LED under cabinet light. If you are using LED tape light that works on 12VDC then the answer is YES
Hi Nicholas, I can't speak for the switch model you mention, but we are using the Lutron CL Dimmer (Toggler CL) rated at 150 watts for CFL and LED lights (600 watts for incandescent/halogen). Specific model is TGCL-153PH-WH (white). We are using it on the 120v/ac side of the transformer, with 12v Xenon and/or LED lights on the other side, and it works fine. Switch also works well with dimmable 120v LED lights. OOPS - realized this IS NOT an "occupancy" switch - sorry. 'Hope this helps. - Paul
I don't have it here where I can measure, but it's about 4 inches by 4 inches by 10 inches tall.
It makes a slight hum, not very bad though. Quieter when it is dimmed.
2headset mics and 2 handheld mics
Yes. It has a single ear loop style ear hook. They are very confortable and the sound is great!!
Call gtd they can send a new one just tell them the problem
2- AA batteries
Sorry but you can ont use it as a cordless transmitter for your guitar. The transmitter does not use a 1/4 inch plg for the headset mic! Sorry!
No. One positive lead and one negative. With a soldering iron though you could easily put however many leads on there that you want.
About 16 feet
Yes you can cut the to any length you need.
No connector installed no need for them unless connecting two or more together then they're needed. If only one strip alligator clamps or straight wire possible depending on desired use
Hi Donald, we are sorry, we have no black light. Hope it will help you. Regards, Chris BAO Package Electronic Co. Ltd
Hi - I love a good electrical puzzle. To figure Amperage used per fixture, need to know total wattage of each fixture. In this case, the TriPar is 5 LED"s at 3 watts each or 15 watts total per fixture. 15 watts divided by 120 volts equals .125 amps each fixture. So, on a typical household 15 amp circuit, 15 amps (total available) divided by .125 amps (per fixture used) equals up to 120 Tripars fixtures could be connected on a circuit, however the general rule of electrical wizardry is not to exceed 80% of total. And remember to include anything else plugged into this circuit in the calculations. Hope it helps you !! By the way, we love this fixture in our DMX set up, use over 30 of them.
Yup! You can also adjust the response. It just takes a little playing around and reading the manual to operate them. Other than that, they're great and fun!
They have no fan, no need. they are led
I'm pretty sure you can. When I first was setting mine up I came across a mode of white light only programs.
Easily 200 ft, they are VERY bright ... they will temporarily blind you if you are standing within 10 feet of the unit and accidentally look directly at it ... that is at full piwer, they do dim very well though.
I use Innovate Systems Blue Lite X1, has way more control for DJ uses than say the ADJ one or the Chevaut one. both of which i have used also
Yes. It will work on 50 or 60 cycle, and 100 to 240 volts. From the website: * Multi-voltage operation: AC 100V-240V 50/60Hz You will have to turn it upside down though...(joke).
The only cables that come with the mixer are the power cord, plug, and USB cable. All other cables sold seperate.
Difficult question to answer. All companies have their own quality of product, Pioneer is a higher end (more expensive) brand than Numark. However when comparing these two controllers, the DDJ-SX comes out on top. The overall build quality and feature set are just way better. Hence the larger price tag. This controller is more in the mid range for pricing and features. While the DDJ-SX is more on the mid - high end. If you are looking for a Numark controller similar to the DDJ-SX you need to look at the NS-6. Which is just about around the same price and features almost all of the features and build quality.
Definitely better than mixtrack pro 2 Idk about ddj-sb. It's all about preference really.
Yes it does! All Numark models do.
You have to pinch the cue boton Of the Channel you want to hear, also the cue knob in the upper left has to be all turned to the left in the cue possition, then for example if you Want to mix channels 1 and 3 you presa the 1 and 3 cue botons AT THE SAME TIME, hope it works for you (sorry the english im from Mxico)
Is your Config right? Do you have your volume up? Do you have the right cue selected?
From United States to United States.
No you can't
It works with all three major software brands, as long as they are completely updated to the newest versions. It is also compatible with many other MIDI software programs out there.
Yes you can...
No-Your house current is 120 volts AC, I don't know just how low a dimmer lowers the voltage, but it is still AC current. The ribbon lights 12 volt DC current, you need the transformer to change voltage from AC to DC current. Then use a DC dimmer.
It was white when I ordered them earlier this year.
One option would be the 3222 + 3318 (B007K511FG + B004T9ITQ0) combination.
Yes they can. There are couplers made to interconnect strips. Search for "strip to strip connector". Same type connector is made with raw wire on one side and connector on other. Alternate option is to solder the wires to the locations on each strip. Simple to do, just look at how the factory end was soldered and make sure your wires match colors and locations. Don't forget power supply and dimmer if needed.
Yes, it includes a license for both Pro Tools 10 and Pro Tools 11.
No. You download the SW and license from a website.
you can but don't think it would be helpful...your best bet is to either buy the full version or the one with the mini box it comes with the software adn you don't have to be a student
No, this is just the regular versions which is great. I bought pro tools 11 student version.
Yes
Mine did.
In some cases, there si a DVD shipped to you inside the box, but always is recommended to download the latest version of pro tools from avid's website because this dvd's are outdated everytime
You will need to have a valid .edu email address.
Yes, the iLok is included. It is brand new so you can register it yourself. Kelly's Music & Computers is an authorized Avid reseller. You will be required to provide proof of academic status to Avid before you will be able to use Pro Tools.
You shouldn't. Get a Mac. Much better for music production; and I'd go with a desktop if you can.
One c annot tell the 1.0.4 from the 2.0 since they are the same unit with different firmware. In my review I mention trying the 2.o firmware but then goling back to the original 1.0.4 because of its wider high-end range. Well about three weeks ago I changed back to 2.0 and have left it there. Everything sounds good on the amp but I think I now agree with users who favor the richer low end and midrange of the 2.0 firmware. Regardless what the unit comes with it's all freely updatable from the Yamaha website, so you can go back and forth and decide for yourself.
The original is more versatile in my book...stays in my truck to jam out at a moments notice.
If you mean the THR-5, same sounds, same wattage, but no preset storage, no separate volume control for the aux in channel, no 3 band EQ.
By they way, they both do quite well with foot pedals...
It happens whether it's plugged into the mains or on battery power so it's not the power supply. I've got the upgraded power supply. Jimmy
No it does not. It doesn't have the speaker size or tone quality. Bass would sound bad.
One input for guitar. One for AUX
Quarter inch.
Don't see why not. I would watch the amp placement to avoid feedback, and some of the amp models will brake up the signal too much. Play with the gain and master volume mix to get the output you're looking for. Scott
The THR amp has an Aux In that will allow you to use it in place of speakers. Should work with your PC, Mp3 player, etc.
Does not operate on wifi. It operates on a less used and wide frequency that wireless phones use. It has a couple of different channels to select from to avoid interference. I have 3 in different locations around the house and workshop and no problems other trying to use one at extreme distances then, like a wireless phone, static ensues.
Thanks for your question. This is a 110V unit. This is a fantastic sounding DAC. World Wide Stereo is 35 years old and a very proud NAD dealer.
With respect, ask the manufacturer, NAD. In my unit, it was 110 AC, but that is for US, of course.
I asked my 15 year old, whom is good with music, He said the keyboard is good better than a cheap sound.but not as good as a professional unit, And the system can create about 500 different sounds piano, drums, most instruments.
This is hard to answer, so I will answer it in this manner. When I first began to play the Yamaha I felt the upright at my church and the Yamaha compared favorably. I could transition between the two more easily than the electronic piano at church. Are they exactly the same? No, but close. You must realize that my perception may be different from yours. Some electronic pianos have the ability to change the sensitivity of the key board. You must realize that this is an entry level instrument and I purchased it to play for my own amusement. It good quality for that purpose. You must decide what quality you want and the purpose of the instrument.
Yes , and all the stuff that you can see in picture
Yes it does. It has 200+ different sounds.
It has an external output jack that can be used for a keyboard amplifier, stereo system, mixer tape recorder, or other line-level audio device to send the instrument's output signal to that device.
yes
Well I have look for exact info from user Manuel for you, but it does not specify. I do know it can record five user songs approximately 10,000 notes. How ever it states that you can record and save to key board or a cumputer and store songs to either one, so I would say it has to have some mp3 format. I bought as a gift for my wife and she loves it, has been playing more and making more progress with new keyboard, I would say it is worth it all the way around. Best of luck to you sir hope it works out for you and hope this was some form of help to you
USB & Flash ROM to download new Songs and Styles for playing
The keys are weighted. They don't feel exactly like a grand piano, but their is definitely a difference felt when going from the lower end to the higher end.
Yes, it does. This keyboard does not weigh very much.
It's not designed for Serato and probably won't work as Serato as they specifically design their software to work with approved controllers.
Yes! I ordered the MC-3000 in September, and it came with Virtual DJ. Hope this helps.
We are sorry. We cannot guarantee that.
I'm away from home so can't check but it might be on your invoice from Amazon.
Sorry - I couldn't tell if this question was for me. This should be directed to the seller. I imagine the seller would honor the warranty???
To be honest, I haven't opened it yet because it is a gift for someone. I'm curious if that will happen now. Please let me know if you figure it out
I received it in the box.
I have been using it on both platforms with no problems.
Celemony Melodyne Editor 2 is on par with the difficulty level of many highly rated music production/editing applications on the market today (in my opinion). While Melodyne, obviously, was not intended to offer the breadth and depth of apps like Pro Tools or Logic Pro, Melodyne's learning curve is still quite steep for the uninitiated. Apparently, some people can learn Melodyne in a few hours; other people need to take a course to learn it. As you may know, Lynda.com offers excellent and affordable tutorials on Melodyne. I have not used SpectraLayers and cannot comment on it. Melodyne is a pretty powerful application; for me, the learning curve was challenging, as expected.
Yes, there should be Muhammed. Thank you.
1. yes 2. yes 3. yes, if you get an external CD drive..... 4. yes
im not sure why you are having that problem. I didnt have any problem with this product. Contact the Hitlight customer service directly, they are excellent about answering questions and getting back to your email!
I believe they work...I got the multi color LED and picked up the 12ft strips...they worked for me
Cut LED strip between lights. Insert cut end into connector and clamp together. Sometimes you will need to clean the printed copper on the strip to make a good connection. The operation of the lights will indicate success or adjustment is needed.
Sure. If you solder instead of using these connectors, it would be more even light at the corner. Also, get the non-waterproof type light strips as they are easier to work with.
I think it 22 gauge. Very fine gauge wire.
Yes it is
These things are terrible. They do not really work at all. You are better off soldering the connections.
Each cable is about 6 inches, but the connector to attach to the cables is terrible and does not really work. It is better to solder 4 wires to connect the cut LED strips.
The newest ones come with a lightning cable, but this one does not. Looking at the Amazon page, there is a note and a link below the In Stock message, saying you can get a free lightning cable from Apogee by filling out the rebate form. There is a link for the form. You can also purchase the 30-pin to lightning adaptor and use that.
Mine did not come with a lightning adapter, but it did have a mail-away offer for a free 30pin to lightning adapter. I already had two, so I didn't need to take advantage at the time.
It picks up sound from all directions. I have used it with two guitars and voices with equal pickup.
I use the Mac version and they sell a plug in for Skype called Ecamm Call Recorder. Saves a .mov file with the host on one channel and everyone else on another.
Cannot answer that...Not familiar with iMovie. I use Mic for voiceover work. It is very acceptable for what I do...good enough quality and affordable. I like it...works for me. Good luck.
I haven't personally used those apps, but every other app I've used the MiC has worked beautifully on. This is definitely my favorite microphone I've ever used.
Hi Jimmy. The Apogee Mic is really designed for iOS devices and Mac computers. But even some of the software Apps will not work. I tried it on a Win 7 PC, using an AVS Audio Editor program, with the gain turned all the way up. Volume was very low. I also have a Snowball Blue Mic that works quite well with a PC. I would consider this one for PC usage.
Nope, I use it everyday on GarageBand and there's no latency whatsoever~ It's built to quality :)
Yes. That's the only way to monitor as the MiC has no output.
Its awesome for that. I use it myself for music demos, and for voice over for commercial spots and videos. No quality compromise; excellent for any frequency or voice type; works just perfect with Adobe Audition CC. Very happy I purchase it.
Had to make larger holes in the body for a 2012 Les Paul Studio. Worth the effort tho.
Yes it will fit and give great life to string bending \m/
Billy-the bridge pins appear to be about 3 inches apart on both bridge versions but it looks like the action on the Jazzmaster is raised and lowered by a flat head screwdriver and not by the thin circular shaped adjusters on the bridge pins. The chrome roller bridge has to have it's own custom pin barrels installed inside the guitar body to enable the bridge to work properly as the top of the pins protrude through the openings on either end and are adjusted with a small screwdriver. I don't believe that you could just place the chrome bridge over the top of the Jazzmaster bridge pins after removing the Fender bridge saddle structure. You probably would not want to drill the rather large holes into the guitar body required to secure the new bridge barrels that hold the chrome bridge pins in place. The chrome bridge is best suited for Gibson Les Paul solid body guitars. Hope this helped.
It is hard to say. I guess it depends on the scale of the particular guitar you are using. This bridge seems to have the capability of adjusting out on my les paul, and I would venture to say that if I reversed the strings, it would still adjust out properly.
The studs are cut for Gibson Nashville bridges, If Epiphone uses the same size and thread pitch, and the posts are the same width, then yes. This is made overseas, so I would venture to say yes, it does fit an import Epiphone. Best way to find out would be to call a repair tech who would know. Or google around for Epiphone specs.
As for most Gibson electric guitars ,...no,...but what kind of guitar do you have?
Yes
I like the Snark SN-2 as it tunes all my instruments: Mountain dulcimer, Hammered dulcimer, Guitar, Autoharp, and Kanteles. Mine has done well fore me.
I don't play the piano . Just guesting with all the pianos octaves ; I would say no . Sorry I can't offer more help .
One is included. It uses a flat watch battery approximately the size of a quarter and is commonly available. The battery life is greatly extended when you switch it off after tuning, otherwise it will continually reveal the note you are playing. It will automatically shut itself off when not in use, but not while playing....fyi....great tuners.
It's really firm.
about 10 3/4 " X 21 " X 2 3/4 " deep.
Yes it does.
I don't know what the digital thing is all about, but it works just fine with our 1914 upright piano. The simple design of the legs looks good with our plain looking piano.
It's a bench with storage. The specific piano, keyboard, picnic table, or whatever will work fine with it. :-)
yes
The rubber pieces on the bottom of the legs on my bench come off quite easily.
I do not know, but in my research I found that the 788 series has body packs that look the same but the back-lighting on the display is blue where these are green. The same is with the handhelds. I do know that they operate in the same frequency range though.
There are only four possible connections simultaneously. I've ran two body packs and two wireless mics at the same time.
omnidirectional polar pattern
What we have learned is no. The pin out is proprietary. We were having a pro cable made to input audio with an XLR cable and the guy had to trial and error it to find the pattern. Unfortunately he did not give us the pin out. Sorry.
Not sure if it will work or not what are you using the PG58 Mic or the PG4receiver?. The GTD operates in a 610-670 MHZ range so if you have the Shure M7 PG58(6-620MHZ) or K12 (620-638 MHZ) or the M15 (662-686 MHZ) series mic's it might work but make sure none of the other channels are in the range of the Shure, otherwise it may splash over to another channel as it searches for a matching frequency. You will have to manually set the frequency on the receiver to match the range of the Shure P. Not sure what you are trying to do?
You canix and match handheld verses lapel. No problem there. You just need to reset the code (which is simple to do) when you switch out mics.
Yes but both dont sound good at all,,,just buy the hand held ones those work perfect...
Yes it is, I use them together at our church
AA Batteries...
Right, the GTD Audio Body, need the receiver for work, in this case G-787 or G-733
Well i use serato with these. My mixer is a gemini. I would think as long as u have the inputs it should work. I assume u have the serato interface box.
Yes it has.
According to the manual, it supports115 to 230 volts. Elemer.
No. It comes with the USB cable that plugs into the computer.
You will need additional recording software to record using the amp. Once you have downloaded the Fender Fuse software, you can find compatible driver information and further instructions for recording in the Fuse user manual or the Fender online community. It is said to be an excellent recording amp, though the only recordings I've made have been on my iPhone.
It's partially digital in order to model the other fender amp models it emulates. But it emulates them quite well for a little 10 inch speaker. However I took a line out and put it through another tube amp power section with v30 celestion and it sounded killer on the various models. I know I digress...most of the new amps have some digital circuitry before the power tubes these days. But for most musicians it's how the amp sounds regardless...as in if it sounds good...it is.
I bet no. Line out cannot drive a speaker or phone because it cannot supply the needed current. On the other side, this amp has a speaker out connection that cannot be used with headphones either because it expects an 8 ohm load and outputs too much power for a headphone. If you use a higher impedance (as typical headphones), the amp output might blow. If you use a 8ohms phone, as soon as you play something, the phone will blow to an open circuit and the amp output tubes might blow.
There is no aux input in this amp. But, if I remember well, you can play stuff from the computer if you connect it to the amp using the usb cable.
Pretty loud. You can play it with a drummer without problem in small venues.
George and John were both using Vox amps in that period. This is just my opinion, but I think the Super Champ x2 isn't that great. And the 10" speaker isn't enough to cut through in a band situation. This is just my opinion and you should by all means check this out for yourself, but I think the Fender Mustang is a better amp. The Mustang III has a ton of good models plus all effects, it will sound great in your practice room as well as with a full band. It has a 12" speaker so it has more depth and with Fender Fuse if you're handy with a computer you can download your own custom amp models. It's fairly light and is cheaper than the Super Champ. And you can find find a really good deal on a used one with a little effort. The Mustang II is a pretty good amp but the Mustang III is easier to use and at 100 watts it has plenty of power for rehearsal or gigs. I know the Mustang is not a tube amp but solid state has come a long way in the last few years. Good luck and happy picking!
Not 100% sure but I know the x2 has the usb capabilities. I have the xd. I believe that is the only difference is the fuse software that comes with the x2
No it doesn't have an Aux Input...
I guess depends on guitar you use with it. The stock speaker doesn't have a tight bottom end.. changed my to ragin cajin by eminence. . Great upgrade
I'm not aware of one for the lightening adaptor yet. I use it with my iPad3. You should be ok with a standard to lightening adaptor. You can also email the company; they're very helpful!
You can't. Also the lack of a locking mechanism to keep the plug in your ipad is truly what stops this item from being excellent for the price. Instead it's pretty much useless unless you have some scotch tape at hand.
Not that I am aware of. I would ask the folks who make it directly and see, but I can say, in all of the articles, posts, and FAQ's I read anything about blue tooth being supported.
I think it is assembled in Mexico, but all US Fender parts.
It's a decent guitar. It's $200 though so it'll play, but there are for sure smoother necks. It's the perfect beginner guitar. Even a novice could appreciate this guitar. Average size. Like I said, can't say a bad thing about this guitar.
Removable
The Middle position is for the two humbuckers working together. It is a good choice if you want the complete power of the guitar. I bealive that if you like metal this the guitar for you.
Like any Stratocaster guitar I recommend the Earvana drop-in compensated nut, it's like fifteen bucks and it makes a huge difference in the sound and even makes it easier to play because you can tune the strings dead on, strum an open chord, do a few bar chords maybe some high neck soloing and they will all be in tune not that slightly out of tune that you normally put up with playing some open chords. Pickups are good, the middle pickup is not really necessary (to me) but it's there when you want that tone. My advice: it's good stock, I got the Earvana nut for mine, it really makes a huge difference, but if you want a custom guitar go to Warmouth or Mighty Mite or any licensed Fender replacement neck manufacturer, pick out a body you like that speaks to you, then pick out exactly the neck you want with the frets you want, make sure it's all predrilled and matching heel and pocket measurements match, the reputable sights clearly list crucial measurements for easy matching. Pick out your hardware, it's a wicked fun way to build a guitar that's totally custom and totally you. I don't recommend changing a stock strat except for a pickguard swap, I haven't gotten one yet that has failed me in any way, so I say either go with a stock model and make sure it has what you want on it stock or go the opposite direction and build your perfect beast with your awesome choices of each piece. Assembly is pretty easy if you get a loaded pickguard with the pickups you want. !! Assemble all parts with a hand screwdriver and tighten snug but careful not to strip out the wood overtightening the screws. If you need help there's usually a guitar place around that you can enlist the aid of. Pick out all quality parts properly matched, pick a place that sells the parts you like and get all the parts from that place. It is fun and addictive to build your own guitar. Otherwise I wouldn't change anything on this guitar, just the nut. If you do that and play it for a while, you'll know what you want to change if anything. This is a quality instrument and deserves recognition as a professional quality guitar just as it comes, I wouldn't spoil the package, I'm not even changing the alnico pickups, they are as good as any aftermarket pickups you could put into it. I recommend changing the nut to an Earvana Drop-in compensated nut and enjoy, they come pretty well set up and there are no shortcomings that I can see that would warrant changing anything other than that, and I run .011's and heavier, never had any staying in tune problems with any of my strats, Mexican or American. But. . . . There is no cooler feeling than plugging in that completely custom built guitar with all hand picked pieces and starting the tuning adjusting process, then getting it just right, and then grinning from ear to ear because it's killer and one of a kind. I hope this helps
Yes
8lbs, 6oz.
No!
No.
In my opinion it's a great product but it's a little too flimsy for a desktop set-up. You would have to prop it up with something and get a super-wide mic stand base. I plan to shoot for a smaller acoustic shield so I can use it on my desktop because I record sitting down all the time. Again, it's great product but possibly not made for desktop application.
If you are recording vocals in an untreated recording environment this does a good job of knocking down the reflections. If you have a room that is already treated to minimize reflections and is tuned it's not necessary. If you get one don't place the mic way back in the shield as that will cause the mic to pick up the reflections from the dense foam treatment in the shield....and will add a "muffled" sound to what you are recording. I like this product for what it is but it will not make your bedroom sound like the vocal booth in a great recording studio.
Yes
It's made in China.
A regular boom mic stand would work,. that's what I use I just take off the the attached part and I use the single straight stand hope this helps
The unit is too heavy to be supported by a COMMON boom mike stand. You MIGHT be able to use a very HEAVY duty stand like I use for overhead mics for drums. One needs a heavy base with adequate leg spread to have stability if device AND mic is to be supported on a boom of any appreciable length. Mine I use on a regular stand that the boom has been removed. It works very nice this way. I would recommend that you try a heavy duty stand... they are pricey... that has legs more like a speaker stand. Extend the boom like you need, and then attach weights to simulate the sheilld AND the microphone to check feasibility. You MIGHT need counterbalancing weights on the back of the boom.
Hi, Yes that's exactly what this is intended to help with. It will remove a lot of the reflections in the room that create that boxy sound. It won't get rid of everything, but these often go a long way towards fixing those issues. If you found this helpful, please consider buying from us. We have this in stock and can ship within 1 business day. - Pixel Pro Audio
All the things it came with should fit all standard stands. If it doesn't dit your current one maybe try another stand since they are all the same size and make sure you use all pieces of connection it comes with. Hope this helps. Take care.
It may weigh 4 - 5 pounds but it fits easily on a standard mike stand. It is much lighter than I thought it was going to be..and it works as promised. Pretty good item for home recording. the only problem I have is finding enough things to use it on. Good luck and have fun!!
Yes
No. USB provides 5 volts. If using with midi port instead of usb, you need power supply.
I don't have a problem with the sensitivity. I use it with Maschine 2.0, but I'm sure it works fine with fruity loops 10
You have to hit them pretty hard, unfortunately. You can however just boost the sensitivity in the program you're using it.
Yes
it depends on which one you have. It will work with any apple product prior to the lighting charger models. You will also need an Irig (link below). If you have one of the new ipads (lightning charger) i guess you can try and look for and Irig contraption that allows it to function. http://www.guitarcenter.com/IK-Multimedia-iRig---Audio-Interface-Adapter-for-iPhone--iPod--iPad-106093545-i1538735.gc
no you don't have to use the abelton it comes with.. the abelton it came with is the same as yours and just to let you know that specific keyboard does not just only work with abelton but aotumaps as well.. automap means once loaded, your play button and fast foward,rewind aand knobs automatically is programed to work with your software without you settiing it up for control..
There are 8 round faders on the top (knobs)
Yes it does, that's the operating system that I use it on. I have not had any problems.
Yes, it should work with Finale. Alesis is a class compliant MIDI device. It is compatible with any program capable of receiving MIDI signals from a controller. You just need to connect it to your Mac or PC, select the proper entry mode & then you'll be ready to play.
Are you using the USB cable it came with? I had to get a separate midi cable, which I plugged into my sound card and it works just fine.
They are not.
This keyboard is a controller only. It has no built-in sounds of its own. You must use midi to connect it to sound engine.
You know what, I just measured mine just now at its thickest point near the rear end of the keyboard, and it only amounts to slightly under 2 and 3/4 inches. The 3.5" measurement seems a little high to me.
It's usb powered,but no it doesn't. Hope this helps.
The keys are not weighted. So you do not get the real piano feel. But on the other hand, they are touch sensitive. So if you want to play soft or hard, take your pick!
not on my end
Yes, search installing slave devices for fl studio and there should be a tutorial on image line's site. Rather simple
I just plugged it in and my computer just recognized it. I have a mac, btw.
My station: Alessis, Mac computer using Mainstage software, amp. From the Alessis, 2 connections--USB to the computer, a sustain pedal
I know that it works with the full version of Finale so it is likely to also work with Allegro.
This particular one has no sounds, it's just a MIDI controller, set up to control another keyboard that you would already have.
The velocity, or touch sensitivity on the pads can be adjusted from inside the vyzex software editor that comes with it. As for the keys, most DAW software should have a way to control the input or output velocity. The unit itself does not appear to have this ability. Hope this helps!
Not really. It doesn't have any sounds on its own. You can use MIDI to hook up the Vortex to another keyboard, and hook that keyboard up to an amp.
No. It only comes with a USB adapter, but if you plug that into a computer and set the power switch to "USB," the keytar will receive power from the computer and you won't need batteries for it.
The Keytar is just a midi-controller, so you'll still need a computer to actually produce sounds. (So, the music would come out of the computer; the keytar doesn't have sound outputs.)
The vortex does not produce any sound on its own. The Vortex sends messages to another device (another keyboard, rack mount device) that produces sound. The messages are sent via the MIDI (Musical Instrument Digital Interface) standard. So you do not hook up the Vortex to an amp. You hook up the Vortex to a devices that produces sound (digital piano for example) and THAT device is hookup up to an amp. think of the Vortex as a remote keyboard for another device, not as a sound producing device itself. Hope this helps.
Should not be difficult. I would recommend that you read the MM8 manual, and look for how to send program change , most significant bit (MSB) and least significant bit (LSB). I own a PX-5S, and to control stage settings I send MSB 112, no LSB, and Program Set = the stage setting I want.
No, sorry.
It does work perfectly with the iPad. You need to buy the Camera Connection Kit from Apple (either the dock connector version or the lightning version depending on you iPad model).
no, just the cardboard box. the soft case is sold separate and cost about $80.
This does not have a built in audo interface within the hardware like the MPC Renaissance, so you will be unable to hook up a record player for example into the MPC Studio and sample directly from it. You can however sample through the MPC software and use the MPC Studio as a controller to chop and manipulate the samples as you please, however. Personally, i use a program called "Soundflower" which allows you to sample audio coming directly into you computer (from sources like youtube, your own music library, etc.), and then I manipulate the sample using the MPC Software and the MPC Studio in conjunction with each other.
You'll need to have a laptop to operate the mpc studio.. Then just run a stereo breakout cable from the laptop to the pa system. Just use a 3.5mm with aux cords at the end (red & white). Your problem should be solved :-)
Yes! Call the Akai help line. They are very helpful for the most part. Until we figured that it will not have ful capability with logic 9. Lol
I use ableton and the mapping is all messed up, you need to use the studio software for full use of the samples, and in order to use it in any other DAW you need to run the studio software as a plugin which makes arrangement confusing and difficult. Maschine is well worth the price difference and you will never regret it
Yes it comes with sequences/patterns.
I think It's your computer. I had the accessory of having 3 computers. So I just tried a different one when it wouldn't work on my desktop, that had Windows Vista. My laptop that had Windows 7 wouldn't take the extensions. But my laptop with Windows 8 was able to load ask of them. Try calling, they are really helpful and might be able to send you a new disk or something.
yes you can manipulate samples or beats !!!.... and yes you can chop or cut the beat/sample as well.... and the mpc 2000Xl is older and there is a lot of different updates that you can do on this product.... basicly anything you can do one there, you can do on here and a lot more
Yes. The MPC Studio is powered by the USB Cable that is included with the unit.
Comes with bright red neoprene zipper case, would call it more of a sleeve than a bag
Yes
It's not difficult but it's also not a piece of cake. Expect 4 to 6 moths before you can start making good beats.
Priority mail should be $66 , Express mail $87
It can as far as the star's it's the max it's an mpc legendary sound since the late 80's
It would be best to use a higher capacity on your hard drive. Not only for smooth usage of the mpc program, but for storage of your music session files.
Yes it will.
Yes it needs to be paired with a computer.
You cannot honestly tell if latency will exist until you use it. What interface are you using? USB or Firewire? 2 gigs of ram seems like a VERY basic machine so I can see potential software slowness, but again, you'd have to try. Just my experience with PCs I am going to say you will have some performance issues across the board.
Yes it will but you want need it because the akai has so much....and it much easier to use
Yes, and over 6gigs of samples.
No it's not the MPC3000. The 9 GB is the size of the sample library included with the hardware, not memory capacity.
All ipads work with it. But just the one app
It will not snag well but It will work but you need a 30 pin to lighning converter.
Yes. But you will have to have a external source. For example: you are playing a set on idj pro and you want to play a song that you don't have on your iPad but you can find it on youtube. If you have a smartphone, you can look up the song on you tube and play it directly into the idj pro via the auxiliary input connection on the left/front portion of the idj pro controller. To do so you will have to purchase an auxiliary cable that connects to ur smartphone/external device. This comes in handy when you are playing a set and someone requests a song you don't have. When that happens to me, I look for the song on youtube and play it directly from my smartphone into the controller via the auxiliary connections on the front of the controller. You can then control the output volume using the auxiliary gain knob next to the auxiliary port on front of the controller. You can pretty much hook up any external source into the auxiliary connection on the front of the controller such as iPod, another ipad, smartphone, mp3 player, CD player, etc.. hope this helps.
Yes. You have a cue control knob and you can adjust what you want to hear on the headphones. Wether cue deck or main deck -DJ 911
Really not sure if that will be compatible with Ipad Mini you better check with manufacturer directly they will able to help you 100% Thanks
Works with Algoriddim djay 2
Yes, you can use a WiFi Hard Drive such as the Seagate Goflex Satellite they have 500 GB and 1TB options, here is a Youtube video explaining it, works with Djay 1 and 2 and while using the iDJ Pro http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wrQMakmsSXA
it will work, i use it on an ipad 4... you have to buy the adapter to make it 30 pin to lightning the only thing that will be different is you won't be able to close the top door down. but yo don't really even notice it.... i love this thing it works awesome.. only thing is when you buy an adapter make sure that it sends audio... some of the cheap ones don't...
You could buy a mic splitter
YES, We have an iPad 3rd Gen with the most current IOS and it works Great
I have the Traktor F1 controller and it works fine with the 4Trak. Is there a T1 in the product range of Native Instruments (Traktor), I don't seem to find it?
Yes it does.
Yes, every version of traktor and pretty much any midi software will work with this. You can download the proper mapping for thr version you have off numarks website and some other djs put some cool mappings up too.
Not as of now. However, you can use the mapping for the Numark NS6 for Virtual DJ (with minor adjustments) and use the 4Trak with VDJ. That's what I did - I do music videos as well.
passive. awesome unit!!
The only cables that come with it is the AC power adapter, the usb to connect to your computer and the cord that runs from the 4 Trak's FX bar to the main controller (although it's permanently attached to both the FX bar and main controller). There are no RCAs or other audio cables included so you'll have to either get an RCA or XLR cables depending on your setup.
It works with both 110 and 240, you just need to put an adapter on the plug.
is not a world wide, but it is a usa 1 year warranty plus an extra year if you do the warranty on line. but i think is 2 year plus one more if the on line thing is done. sorry but i don't remember but is one or the other for sure.
Yes. 2 years for US customers. And 3 years if product is registered within 30 days of purchase. 1 year for the rest of the world. This a manufacturer's limited warranty
The unit and Tractor 4Trak edition software. Only the power cable is included.
No neither of those will fit only the Numark N4 or something similar
It is 24" wide x 18" tall X 4" deep. Hopefully that helps. Happy holidays.
Really light weight almost nothing. Excellent bag!
It does fit iDJ pro
Yes
It will be to big for your controller. It wasn't made for it. Your controller will be loose inside. Find yourself a large laptop bag for it.
Yes it is
Yes
You will need a phantom power source to use the mic. I record via my ProFire 2626 into my MacBook Pro, and the ProFire unit provides this power source. There are probably other power supplies you can buy for less if you don't want to go that route.
Hi Kirk, this microphone uses a 3 pin XLR cable for the connection. If you buy the set it will include one for you. Source- Bought the box set
You need an interface to plug in to yor computer . I use focusright whith my Mac
Nope.
No you need a focusrite or the ice adapter to power the mic
Yes
I bought this mic last year for my german sister, you can veiw her songs on you tube, "rebecca dornoff" Its an amazing mic for the money studio quality and I liked it so much I bought another one for my daughter when I returned from Europe. Ive mixed some of the biggest names in gospel music including Andrea Crouch who the JACKSON family asked to open the funeral service for micheal, you wont find a better mic for the money, the Shure SM 57 is also an excellent mic, hope this helps good luck in your search...
I primarily record via iOS.... I apologize but I wouldn't know. I've read great reviews about Apogee products though...
With this product you receive a charger and you can plug it directly on the wall.
I haven't looked for a specific speaker case. However, I just use a backpack which holds the speaker and towels when going down to the beach or park. You could even use a shopping bag if need be
No way, it's more like 8" cubed.
it has a 3.5" driver so adjust your expectations accordingly. That said, the bose gives the illusion of having more bass by shortening low end frequency response and cranking up mid-bass. the same can be achieved with this speaker by installing an equalizer app on your phone.
It's blue tooth only. No cable, but also no docking station. It has a holder for it in top of the speaker, but holder only--it doesn't actually connect to the device that you put there.
No, I would get the next larger ion speakers. The Ion Road Rocker is good but not loud enough for a gym. I mean you will be able to hear it but not at an ideal volume for doing Zumba in my opinion. Hope this helps you. ;)
It lasts around 8 hours bluetooth maxed out. if plugged directly into the ion and volume isnt all the way up itll go longer. but not 50 hours. I dont think there is anything that lasts 50 hours with bluetooth
Yes! You can Bluetooth or plug in as long as the device has aux hole
I never tried to go 50 hours as I usually recharge when it is down to one light (out of three when fully charged). I do usually go a few weeks of intermittent use before recharging. Battery life is not a problem. Do not lose your charger; they are hard to find and a replacement costs $40.
6 pack of bottled beer
It depends for the occasion I mean if you just want it for yourself when your alone maybe or just In case you know but if its with your friends or family or something like that either way just to be safe I would say yes I would get some headphones an speakers you might never know what could come up that's what I at least would recommend
Short answer is yes. If you want to hear the music at any sort of volume that's louder than your phones ringtone you need to plug one of the outputs from the supplied cable into either a stereo or powered speakers.
yes
Yes you can
Yes :)
The one i have is only for the ipad, im not sure if they have one for your laptop
No it doesnt....I don't even use this unit...waste of money
Yes
iPad mini wrks the exact same as an iPad so it should work fine. Same with an iPhone. You just need to make sure it has the correct lightening vs old iPad/phone 32 pin connector. You can always get an adapter though.
will only work on ios devices with the 30 pin connector, not the 8 pin connector.
the aux input doesn't exactly work so well on the jukebox, unless its just a problem with mine i can never get it to work. try finding an adapter that has an input of the old apple plugs and then an output of the new lightening plug, then you can get the bonus of charging your devices as well
No.
Very good. I am very impresses
My daughter plays Pandora without any problems.
It has a 30 pin connector so an iPad or iPad mini will only fit with an adapter. The plastic molding on the existing connector is only large enough for an old (pre-lightening connection) iphone
No, this one is not Bluetooth. I am guessing they mean wireless in the sense that the connector is part of the unit, it is essentially a dock for a 30pin apple device (watch the pricing, it fluctuates. I got this unit in August of last year for 49.00) . There is a bluetooth version http://www.amazon.com/ION-Jukebox-Bluetooth-Wireless-Integrated/dp/B00BXXB1HO/ref=sr_1_2?s=musical-instruments&ie=UTF8&qid=1428606686&sr=1-2&keywords=ion+jukebox Good luck!
Yes but the sound quality is terrible! Don't waste your money.
does it have one? yes it has a AC adapter
Only if it has Bluetooth
It doesn't ..
The newly banned frequencies are 698-806 MHz (the 700 MHz band) formerly used by some catv companies before the digital conversion, now used by emergency agencies such as police and fire. Banned frequency electronics are basically not sold new in the us anymore.. These mics are below that frequency, not affected by the ban, and a ok to buy and use. I have these, and they are fantastic for the money.
I run mics through a mixer before going to the speakers. This unit has a 1/4" output and XLR output. (the mixer will handle both and then give you both options to go to the speakers as well) Note: Most speakers use the 1/4" input. I hope this helps
No
I use a pre-amp, then powered mains. Volume is not a problem.
About 150-200 ft.. Further than that and you'll start loosing signal
No they are not rechargeable. However, it takes standard AA batteries that can be substituted with rechargeable AA batteries.
Technical pro wm1201
Is this system still working excellent for me, i Got this system for abaut 2 years now, I think this system will work Perfect for your church..I used this system for my karaoke..&#9786;&#65039;
No. And yes.
No, the freq are set from the factory, they come with two different freq sets from the factory so you can use 4 or 8 mics depending on if you buy 2 -2pc setsor 2-4pc sets. Mic quality is astonishing good for the price
well, besides the hand mic, you can only use one of the two lapel mics. It's either the one with a head piece or the one with a clip. I just put a battery on the black mic box and it was automatically connected to the unit. same goes for the wireless mic. I just inserted the battery, adjusted volumes and it worked perfectly fine for me..
Lots of disortion and interferrence,, not a good idea. These circuits seem sensitive as is, might give you spontaneous squeaks and whistles in performance. Pyle could answer this better, its their circuits.
Yes, as a matter of fact I leave mine plugged in.
Music.... the Mics are on just a volume alone but can add an echo/reverb.. why I don't know but that is the way it is.. it will take an MP3 thumb drive...
This has a lot of sound by itself. But it has no Output connection. I suggest using blue tooth adapter serving all systems.
It does not record, however there are aux plugs and usb ports that allow you to tap in and record using an external recording device
I don't know. I can't even get mine to work. Avoid it.
I haven't tried running an electric piano but you would probably have to run it plugged in to 110v rather than battery. The battery recharge does not work well.
I'm not sure because I have not used it with the guitar yet. But it works for what I need to get done. Sorry if I couldn't quite answer your question. May be you can go to a blog or another review with this question on this product
There is no mic stand included. The mic is totally wireless so, you can't plug it in. Also, the included mic is not powerful at all.
I purchased this item in 2012 for a family reunion. As soon as I recieved and connected it, I realized immediately that this was a piece of junk. I do not recall how I connected, but I was able to. The sound quality was not even worth the effort it took to take it out of the box and unpack it. I do not believe there is any Bluetooth capability. If it is advertised as such, I am sure the sound quality will diminish even greater. I ended up using a karaoke machine. I can't even believe this item is still listed for sale.
Yes. We have a 8,000 sq ft facility and it picked up all across the gallery.
Please do not waste your money on this item. It is an inferior product that mimics at best a person raising their voice to be heard. It is an outdated system, does not work well at all and was returned by me to its rightful owners w/i 14 hours. I don't care what any reviews say, be prepared to be disappointed.
Yes I play my laptop thru it all the time for karaoke.
Yes, but I must tell you that I was well please with my Pyle for about 6 months, using it every week or more often. Then it suddenly stopped working. It will play for about 2 min the stop.
It comes with 2 handheld mics.
Yes you can.
You get a carrying case, the short pipe for playing like a traditional wind instrument, and a long flexible hose pipe to play it on a table or your lap like a keyboard. A hand strap under the product is used to hold it when playing it like a wind instrument. I have been very satisfied with mine and use it on songs that require harmonica or accordion. It sounds a little like both!
There's a small button on the bottom. Seems to work when you press it and blow at the same time.
Probably pitch and a slightly better feel. My Performer 37 is a few cents out on pitch, although it's in perfect tune with itself. Stll fine when played with other instruments though. I would imagine the expensive instrument to be concert pitch on the nose.
No - they are 1/2 size
I can not answer in terms of a direct comparison as I have not had the opportunity to do that. I can say that I am satisfied with the Hohner in my context which is using it for right hand practice or exploring melody for my accordion learning efforts.
Harsh and mellow are subjective. But I do not think of this instrument as harsh at all.
Yes
i would say yes. you could go a little smaller, but he can develop with this one. a smaller one will eventually limit him............
We apologize for any inconvenience , unfortunately we do not ship to India.
It's an spanish word so is ma-lou-dee-ka (sort of). If you look at the Dictionary will find m&#601;&#712;l&#593;d&#618;k&#601; or m&#601;&#712;lo&#650;d&#618;k&#601; (http://www.collinsdictionary.com/dictionary/american/melodica)
No sorry I also tried it but it didn't work
Yes sir you can plug in a mic and head phones
Sorry, GB. I no longer own that piece of equipment. I don't know the answer to your question. You may want to ask Google.
YES u can, kind regards DJ.
no it does not come with any cds. Any CD+graphics will work. I bought some Party Tyme cds. It says that MP3s will work but I haven't tried that. There is an usb port. I would get a second mic because it only comes with one.
Yes, it has to be the same kind tho. There is 2 slots, so you can have up to 2
Yes
I tried do but failed, i wouldn't not recommend this unless you already have karaoke CDs
That would be a cd player, so don't waste your money on this. Not worth the price. The reason you buy a karaoke player is to see lyrics on the tv.
33 pounds, is on the specifications. Regards
0. You need to buy your own.
Hi Laura H, this is the price for a single speaker, what you are looking at is front and rear visual of this 1 speaker, I purchase a pair of this very same speaker in January of this year for my church in the Bahamas , the speaker is more than I expected, excellent buy.
Hello there!! And yes is 12" speaker powered and for the money for sound very good!!!
They're sold separately. Only get one for that price. But they're pretty good.
Yes it does.
No Mic come with the Speaker. You have to buy separately.
Sorry, we only deliver to USA. Thanks.
1 compression driver with 1.75" titanium diaphragm (1 tweeter for high frecuencies) and 1 12" subwoofer for low and mid frecuencies. i hope this helps you.
There is no specification label on the unit to confirm it this way but the "user manual" - it's very thin on information - says this one is 1000 watts. That's the best I can say on that.
It would depend on the size of the room and the quality of the Karaoke input signal; This speaker says it is rated at 300 Watts RMS but it just doesn't sound as loud as other active speakers with that RMS wattage. For a small room @ 3/4 max volume, it should be just fine.
U have options literally, you have the xlr, the 1/4 inch not to mention the 1/8 as well and the RCA connectors too
It does not have Bluetooth
Yes
I did have a some remote problems too. I think you have to find exactly where on the speaker the infrared detector is so it can connect with the remote controller. Then you kind of have to be in a spot to see the display so you can verify what button on the remote you pressed, does the function on the speaker.
no
There is a line out option to daisy chain.
My son has played his guitar through the speaker.
Don't know. If it meets a USB memory stick spec, it may work. Really don't know. Check spec web page for this product and call their help deskthis pr
I used it as a monitor for my keyboard at church and it works fine. Im not sure what cable you are asking about, but it comes with the power cord.
Just one. Only one speaker.
Yes!! There is a 1/4 inch output! I have two Pyle speakers hooked up to each other... I used a stereo 1/4inch to stereo 1/4inch
Yes. You should get it. SO WORTH IT
It has a low end driver and their is no workable treb,mid Bass setting,it says it has but unless you have video combined I see no way of adjusting it for your low end db setting.I would say "NO" dont waste your money save up a extra $100 and buy a harke or if your on a tight budget a fender 40 or 60 watt bass amp will give you better results,you can mic a small amp for small gigs or basement bands.
No it is powered by 120vac.
Yes! We have it hooked to our laptop.
Yes
yes you can
There is no XLR input! But if u buy an xlr to 1/4 inch adaptor u can!
I would recommend a keyboard amp
It does not. In fact, it is not a very good product, way too much static
Yes. There is a retractable 1/8th" cable built into the unit
Yes. It comes with a remote.
At full volume, it will run at least 5 hours. That's the longest we have used it, so it may go longer. I was told volume levels are affect the length of battery life. Lower volumes will increase battery life.
I believe the echo only applies to the microphone channel. The whole unit is a piece of garbage. I am very disappointed with mine. Would never buy again.
Yes wireless I didn't try with to plug
It doesn't come with one because most people buying this pedal have other pedals and already have a power supply (or daisy chain power). I use a 1spot (I think visual sound makes them), and it works perfectly. Otherwise, you will need to use batteries.
I've never tried to get that exact sound but I'm sure you could coax it out of this unit. It's probably in there already under one of the presets.
I don't own a multi effects pedal, but I do have a large pedalboard. The only tone problem I've experienced is with the modulation delays, which isn't really that bad.
No, it is not a true bypass. It is a buffered digital delay. How that helps.
Yes it is. It had left and right stereo outs as well as mono outs so you can get a ping pong effect
Yes, they are UHF, but the frequency is not selectable.
There was an adaptor in the box for other countries, but I threw it away. Sorry that I cannot be of more help on this question.
I sent the item back as mic two had no working squelch. However, other wireless Mocs I do use are utilized through a large PA system via a large mixing console in a band environment. If you're looking to just have a small amplifier with this style unit I would think most any would do that suits your power and portability needs.
Yes, they are awesome mics, except for the fragileness...if you're careful with them, they are great. If you don't care for them being fragile/touchy, you'll need to go with very more expensive mics...which will cost hundreds of dollars.
No it does not. What you get are two mics, receiver, power supply, and batteries.
I'm not sure of any add-on capabilities but it seems to be limited to the included two mics.
No they are factory set.
No
Battery life is amazing, better than any other mic that I have owned. Ever. I run a pair of energizer rechargeable in each mic, and I can do 3 to 4, four hour long gigs, before they die. These are karaoke and dj shows, mics being turned on and off throughout the night. In a live show, where we used these as background vocal mics, they would last between 6 and 8 hours of continuous use, with the same rechargeable batteries. Battery life is not an issue with these, wish my Shure mics would last as long...
Move the microphone receiver box to another location, or move the antennas to a different position, and see if that helps. Chances are that the noise you hear is interference from some other electronic device close by.
Same time. They run at different frequencies.
It has a 3 pin mic insert you can buy a good mic on amazon that works fine. Here it is. http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00BFLNFMS/ref=oh_details_o00_s01_i00?ie=UTF8&psc=1
I tried to make it work couple of times but no success. That's why I want to return it.
Yes it does. Its a cheapie gigbag though, only offering minimal protection.
not sure... I bought it for my telecaster.
Yes
Hi Alejandro, I have a fender stratacoustic guitar and it fits well in the case. It's good for keeping the guitar in the case, offers pretty good protection but not recommended for traveling..
Hi there - Yes, it does. You can see from the photo there is a zipper that runs the width of the bag towards the bottom. That bottom part that you can see there is the pouch. It's large enough for notebooks, laptop, cables, tuners, strings etc.
No. I doubt it will fit a Starcaster as the bag is made for Stratocasters and Telecasters.
Yea
Hi Chad, My Fender Stratacoustic guitar fits in the bag but not sure whether Phoenix will fit.. You can check in ur nearest guitar store if your guitar has similar dimensions probably that will help.. :)
Yes, it will.
Yes I have 22 fender Stratocasters and they are all about 39 and will all fit in a case hard shell, or soft case unless specified most soled bodies 6 string are around 40 " there some exceptions I hope that Helps john jrad3080
You would just use the 3.5 mm headphone jack to connect to any external speakers, amp, PA, recording equipment etc.
Live? There is a built in mic, and you can use it to record voice tracks, but i wasn't able to add any effect to it. Even so, that would be a loop. And not "live". It's a fun machine.
yes i do actually
No, there is not an internal effects processor. Try the Mini Kaoss Pad 2 for that.
Hi Fred, the DP-24 is not easy to use unless you have experience using different digital recorders and/or software. I have used quite a few different devices and software, and still occasionally I need to refer back to the manual when using my DP-24. It gives great quality recordings if you are willing to invest the time learning how to use it. If you're looking for something simple, I would recommend starting with one of their smaller portastudios (see http://tascam.com/applications/musician/mtr_digital_portastudio/). A lot depends on how many channels you want to record at a time. If it's just you, and you want to record 1 or 2 channels at a time, go with one of their smaller devices, it will be simpler, and you will probably find no difference in sound quality and you will save hundreds of dollars.
Yes it can, you can either connect directly to your computer, or load the wav files on an SD card and import them that way.
Just a power supply, you can download the manuel, I find the manuel offers very basic instructions and as much as I like the quality and ease of operating this unit, the cd rewritable quit on me, but you can make pretty good quality recordings if your skill set is there
You can output each track.
Well I bought a slightly damaged one, I do not see any damage or usb cable as far as the sd card I bought a sandisk extreme with 32-gb from Amazon for 26.49 and it works fine but the dp-24 is absolutely a great little unit, I hope that helps, dave
There are as many opinions as there are mics. I am using a shure sm57 for the electric and a pair of behringer c-1s for acoustic work. Depends on how much you want to spend. If the line out is cabinet voiced and sounds good then why not.
It has 8 XLR/combo 1/4 inch inputs that can record on separate tracks and be assigned to the other 16 tracks..Your track files can be imported into the computer...The DP-24 can be used as your control surface for the computer, however, I use it as a stand alone unit and try to stay away from computers, except for storing completed mastered stereo tracks. You can download the Tascam DP-24 manuel directly from Tascam and read up on its capabilities.
So far so good! I've owned my Tascam DP-24 for almost a year now and have absolutely no complaints. I have used nearly all of the features on the unit and have adapted now to using the unit for recording live and studio gigs then switch to a DAW type setup on my PC for final editing, mixing and publishing. This is a great unit and you can't beat the price for 8 simultaneous inputs. I play in our band so I am able to run the unit while participating. In the end I have one large set of tracks for the entire set then separate them on the computer into songs. Works well. Hope this helps!
Absolutely. In fact, you have to have a master version saved on a card in the machine in order to make a CD.
I cannot answer your question, but their customer service is EXCELLENT. My question was answered by them right away. I strongly recommend you call their customer service (technical support) as soon as possible.
Nope. Not at all. Only iphone and ipod 4th
It is working on my iphone 4 with 7.1.2 ( So it will work also in yours i think ) This mic also works with softwares from irig and others ( not only tascam ) Happy Holidays ! Greetings from Europe / Portugal
Have you tryed to contact TASCAM or even Apple ? The Guys from Tascam/Teac are very Helpfull. :)
You can use something like this: http://www.accessorygeeks.com/white-apple-30-pin-to-lightning-port-adapter.html?utm_source=google&utm_medium=comparisonshopping&utm_term=&utm_campaign=&utm_content=ADAPT-LIGHTNING&pcrid=19219996495&gclid=CP2xqqu6_LsCFUZqfgodyzoA9Q but the result will be so unwieldy as to be useless. I would recommend against trying to make this work.
I don't know for sure, but the system upgrade may have throuwn your settings off, including access to your device. Check your Settings -- not sure where -- and make sure your updated system is allowing outside devices. Hope this helps. Worked when I had trouble outputting my iPad video.
No
Yes, I have used it successfully with my iPhone 4s and the basic camera app set to record video. It also records in stereo instead of the mono which is what you get making videos with the internal mic.
In all likelihood, the problem is in your software or your physical connection, not the Tascam IM2.
No idea, but the connector is the older iPod/iPhone connector, so my guess is no, unless there is some sort of adapter available
The "W" simply stands for white color. So for the fashion conscious, you can get a black or whtie iM2 to match your black or white iPhone. Other than that, there is absolutely no difference.
Yes there are more than just cosmetic (although when you really look at both of them, the cosmetic is pretty strong. Personally I do not like the look of the 020A-U. It looks cheap IMA). The only thing thing I like about the 020A-U is the sides are removable, making it a better travel guitar. I cannot comment on its sound quality. I LOVE the sound of my 020X-U. I did have to lower the action and put a bone saddle on it. I have traveled on a train with it and that went very well! It also stays in tune quite well.
I run mine through a Peavey mixer, and either headphones or monitors. The sound in my opinion is awesome!@ I do not have to adjust lo, mid or high and I love it! When I practice late at night via headphones through my mixer I get totally lost! Does that help you?
I'm not sure of the 020A-u. The 020X-U is a full 2" nut, same as a normal classical guitar. And it plays real nice. I play mine every day and love it!
It is all in one piece, just like a hollow guitar. the side cannot be detached to reduce the size for traveling. regular guitar case or bag is needed for it.
The Sojing is 38" long by 15" at widest width. It is 2" deep. Most standard electric guitar gig bags should work nicely. I use a deluxe World Tour (which has good padding) and it works and travels great!
Seems like there was a list of adapters that this would work for in the description. ? I recall finding the one I needed on the list and it was a better price through Amazon than the one offered from music dealer.
Yes you can. I also live in SG and recently bought one.
In the item description it does not list the DGX-500. It does list other DGX numbers so I would believe it does not cover the 500.
If it takes a psr-1 adapter then this will work.
Here is the list of Yamaha keyboards this adapter can be used for : Pwr+ 6.5 Ft Ac Adapter Charger for Yamaha Pa3 Pa3b Pa5 Pa5d Pa6 Pa150 Pa130 Pa5c ; Pa-3 Pa-3b Pa-5 Pa-5c Pa-5d Pa-6 Pa-150 Pa-130 ; Dgx200 Dgx202 Dgx. The one that you mentioned is not on the list. I would contact Yamaha directly, give them the model of your keyboard and have them advise you accordingly. As an alternative, you might also want to contact the manufacturer of this replacement Pwr+ and ask for their advice as well.
Yes but it isnt the most securest....slight movement of the keyboard at a certain point shuts off the keyboard.
I don't think so. However, Amazon sells several AC adaptor chargers that are compatible. Just search for "Yamaha PSR-270."
It may not match well because of the size. You need to adjust it a little bit until it's workable. Then you can use a tape to make the position unmoved. Remember it's a replacement not the original.
Yes it will. But if your really wanting 6.5 feet you'll be dissapointed. I remember an equivalent from another company on amazon that advertised their cord being 6.5 ft. If the length matters you might try that brand. It was a while ago so I'm not sure who it was. I just use an extension
I have the Pwr+ HD2 power supply. Input is 120V AC, output is 2 amps at 12 volts DC. If that is what your keyboard needs (check the owner's manual or whatever is written next to your input jack) then it ought to work on your keyboard.
Hi Fender makes a round neck resonator case. Easily ordered. 713-880-2188
China
Hi sorry it is not, as it has been discontinued.
Yes
Yes, there is such an adapter and I am using one.
It works with Apple iPad but the sound out can plug into any computer with the correct cords. But you will need an iPad to operate.
I believe that it has the right connector to work with a 1st generation iPad. The neck is rigid. I had no problems with that.
YES!
No it will only work with the earlier 30 pin connector on the older series ipads and iphones. I don't think they have an adaptor for the new style connectors.
Hmmm, no it doesn't work for 3G only 4G 4S
No. iPhone or iPad. It has to fit into the casing of the guitar.
no
No
Yes! U can pit the music using bluetooth a 2 mics at same time
Hello yes it will. this speaker it's very loud. I am very happy with it.
No, it does not, but if you're using Bluetooth, your device serves as one to a certain extent.
Is a plug and play to the outlet and is bluetooth, it have a great sound.
I live in Orlando and have used it for 8+ hours outside with no issues
110v.. Wish it had basic EQ (Treble, Bass).
No Battery...Great Unit.
No
Depending on your wireless microphone you can either plug in via XLR or 1/4 TRS. These speakers have two inputs that can use either cables. NOTE: These speakers can not transmit input sources wirelessly via bluetooth to another speaker. Only a bluetooth connections (example smartphone) can be transmitted to the primary speaker and then linked to a second bluetooth speaker.
Only the primary speaker.. The only caveat is that I have only used the micrphone with the speakers connexted via Bluetooth and not wired
A model code with be the same as long as it is the same version, the bonus products may be different and shipping speed may be different.
It comes with a carrying bag, but not a case.
yeah, my smart tv has a headphone connection, i use an extension 3.5mm 6 foot cable and the amp. Its way too low without the amp turned up all the way. Computer doesnt need amp since I have one for it too.
Yes sir
Yup it's legit. It's nice to have with a phone cuz phones don't put out much power.
It's the E6 that came with mine.
I bought these for my son, and can't remember 100%, but I think they were folded in when he opened them.
Unfortunately, its not.
According to the card included with my set, products purchased in the USA are warranted for one year from date of purchase against defects in materials and workmanship.
5 feet un-extended 10 feet fully extended
Same just happened to me. There is a huge difference between actual picks and these cheap and plasticy pop-out-of-business-card picks. While the tuner is amazing I am frankly disappointed about the picks. I could have bought this exact product cheaper without the picks elsewhere on amazon. Edit: I just received an email apologizing for the mix-up and apparently they are sending the ChromaCast picks.
Have used it on tenor banjo, guitar, bouzouki, mandolin. It works fine on any stringed instrument. Very accurate and is one of the few tuners that will work well on the low strings.
Although I am not totally familiar with the internal workings of this device, I am confident that this devise WILL tune any stringed instrument that will vibrate when plucked.
SN-1
I'm doubtful. It seems to work partly by actual contact with the guitar so it can sense the vibrations. When I tried to use it not actually attached to the guitar it did not work very well.
In deed they were ChromaCast picks, 4 total just like in the product picture, 2 were celluloid( medium, and a thin) very similar to Fender celluloid pics. And 2 were similar to Dunlop Tortex ( . 73 mm and . 88 mm) so like a meduim and a heavy, slipped my mind to to post in the review. Great tuner by the way ;)
yes very good
No!
It takes a small disc battery...I believe it's 3220. It lasts at least a month (of course that depends on how often you use it, and MOST importantly, if you remember to shut it off after each use), though occasionally it's much longer. Ease of use and practicality are well worth it.
I do not have that model. However, from the picture and this link, they look one and the same. http://www.amazon.com/DAddario-NS-Micro-Clip-On-Tuner/dp/B005FKF1PY/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1379883408&sr=8-1&keywords=Ns+Planet+waves+micro+tuner
Yes, that is what is strung on it...but there is no "spare" set if that is what you are asking.
I can't believe I'm answering this twice but. As a Buddhist monk once said to me" you must wear ( in your case buy) this and wear it ( in your case play it) for the rest of your life. My story is about a medallion I have worn ever since my feet would not move till I took it...
It would cost $68 to ship via USPS. We can declare lower value for customs. Thank you.
around 26 1/2 inch total length.. widest location is about 9 1/4 inch across the bridge.
Yes. Geared tuners. The uke keeps it's tuning once the strings are broken in. Nice instrument, easy to play!
Sorry, I gave the uke as a present so I don't have it. However I do have other tenor ukes and the Tattoo was basically the same size which is around 26 inches.
Hello, No this is not a Solid Wood Uke, Thanks, from 8thstreet Music..
Aquila strings, or if you want more of a banjo twang, Aquilas with a wound C string. http://www.amazon.com/Aquila-AQ-28-Banjo-Ukulele-Strings/dp/B00MXUIMWS
Hello, Yes we do - 8thstreet Music Thanks!
The strings that come on it sre decent.
Yes it does, something else you may not know the bridge does not come assembled on instrument for obvious reasons. I was not aware of this thought you might like to know. I had my teacher place it for me to get the best positioning.
Yes. it's built like a tank and comes in a decent quality padded gig bag.
I don't see why not. Strum on.
Dear Chaminda, it's both voltage. Work in 110v and 220v. Here in Brazil we have both systems and works perfectly. BTW, this mixer is amazing!!!!
Yes, with the proper rack adapter. Keep in mind that you will need to have acces to the back. So be sure you leave enough for your hand if your front loading. And remember, this unit is self sustaining. It does not have an aux in for additional processing. So, if you are loading it for that purpose.....Sorry.
This unit does not come with the Apple iPad. Please also note that there are two versions of the Mackie DL1608, 30-Pin or Lighting Pin (this depends on which Apple iPad you have). Hope this helps. :)
Yes, it will maintain the charge on you iPad.
Yes and without issue. Used it tonight actually
Doubtful
Yes
No
The iPad air would be the lightning connector. The 32 pin is the older iPad
Hello Batsaikhan. According to Mackie's spec sheet it accepts 100-240 VAC, 50-60 Hz. So I guess that means it can take 220v. The actual unit runs on 12VDC drawing 4A, so it is the brick that comes with it that handles the power. I have only run mine on 110V. I hope this helps.
Not as far as I can tell. The toms are built into the system (the cords are actually embedded in the arms). If you want upgradeable toms, you'll need a more expensive kit.
My drummer really likes it. I've had two drummers play the kit with reckless abandon...they seem to really have fun with it. Go give it a try. Kind of like shoes...try it on. Then make your decision...But worth trying on.... it really is an exquisitely quiet kit....and that is due to the bass pedal config.
no speaker..I use headphones.
I don't think there are extra triggers/inputs. You can use it with VSTs etc but it will likely require a bit of setup. See my review for more details.
Sorry, man--I haven't needed that yet so don't know. Have you looked on the Roland website?
No, none of those are included.
Yes, the hi hat pedal makes a clear splash sound. I recommend you use a good keyboard amp like a Roland KC-150 for better definition of the "foot splash"
My son says it is.
It really is a good size. Although this is my first guitar I'm not a expert in sizes. But it's perfect for me since I'm 5'3
The strings that came with the guitar are metal. We do not know if they're nickel wound or of specifically what composition. My son is the guitarist, and discovered that the strings need to be stretched prior to playing the guitar- utilizing three fingers to press on the strings at locations all the way down the neck- and then retuning afterward. The high-E string broke not too long after he got the guitar (a common occurence on nearly any electric guitar - at least HIS) and he simply replaced all of the strings with the secondary set provided with it. He loves the guitar, and uses it in practices and performances with his high school jazz band. It is of significantly lighter weight than his other electric guitars, and thus is more easily transportable.
I assumed it was an access panel to the pickups so the can be replaced with ease, but when removed it seemed it was attached to the tremolo bar but I don't know exactly what it does. Since this guitar is very similar to the Squier by Fender, I noticed on my cousin's mini strat that it has the same exact panel. I took a picture of it so you can see what it does for yourself. Hope it helps. https://docs.google.com/file/d/0B8TKHOIvNiNCelhNT3djbExLNmc/edit?usp=docslist_api
Yes because I'm 5'7 n its long on me
Yes it's fine
Yes it is.. you can tell due to the code.. it read 39 and that refers to 39" length of fingerboard
I primarily bought to for rocksmith 2014. I haven't plugged it into an amp yet and the game tends to not pick up some of the notes. It does sound good through the game though.
Thank you for contacting us. The Schiit Bifrost that we sell is designed for 115V outlets. Trying to run the 115V Bifrost through a 230V outlet could damage the unit and will void the warranty. For additional information on custom configurations and voltages, you may want to visit the manufacturer's website. Please let us know if you have any other questions!
Mine shipped with the 2nd gen USB board, but not ber. I haven't missed it at all- the Bifrost is a great piece of kit and you won't be disappointed by the sound.
I have no idea- I've never used it for that purpose. I can tell you it's a clear, no nonsense, and very audible step up in quality from the Apple TV and MacBook Pro audio outputs when connected to a HiFi. I absolutely love mine. The latency is low enough to where I don't need to set a video delay for dialogue to match. I hope that's good enough an answer!
US plug type and 115V on my unit. But there are Euro plug, UK plug, and Australian plug type options, as well as 230V option when you order through their website. The units are meant to be sold directly from factory, which is how they keep their costs down.
You probably need to contact the seller on this... Given the price, I would doubt that this has the uber card. That is different from the usb card (which is included in this product). I have one of these without the uber card and I love it. Honestly, I don't think the uber card was an option when I bought mine. In fact, I had to upgrade just to get the usb interface. Long and short... Unlikely that this has the uber card.... Thanks, Dave
you mean the bifrost? I think it doesn't have uber analog board. because I have seen there are two kinds of bifrost, one is 349$ and the other one is 449$,and my dac just add the usb gen 2 input.
all kinds...how many kinds are there? I've no idea about it. what I am sure is this item has about 20 different kinds of effect which is written at its user instruction book.
The keyboard's height is 28 in.
Yes, they have a very natural piano feel.
Yes
It is FLAT PACKED in one large box. You need to assemble the stand so the finished instrument is much "larger" than the shipped instrument. The box is fairly heavy so moving it inside could be difficult for one person.
The input voltage is 110-240V. So yes, I think it can be used in most countries.
It does not come with a bench although they are available from various sources. I painted an old bench I had black to match it works well.
I haven't tried recording with the keyboard software, what I do is connect the keyboard to my computer via a midi to USB and I record straight to the computer, I use garage band and a Steinway piano software too. Good luck!
The music stand is also the key board cover, which fold up to become the music stand. So, "in a way" it is attched to the piano neck.
about 18" by 6" weight is about a couple of pounds
This I am not sure. As my Ragini is not in front of me right now. But I feel compelled to write to you as this has been on my mind weeks now. After 2 uses of this box it just stopped working and broke. I was warned that this item was of poor quality and would not last for any reasonable amount of time. I should have heed the warning, I wish I had. This item is garbage. DO NOT BUY IT !!!! I am thoroughly disappointed and feel taken advantage of from compony that claims to sell top of line goods. Not True. Poorest of quality indeed.repeat Buyer BEWARE ANY.RAAGINI purchase. KEHERWA OR NOT. Garbage
about the same ... i love mine
I have a 3000 watt amp and it's too much for them.
you wont be happy with it if you went under 1000w I use 3000w
They will sound pretty good I use mine to have teen parties and I am completely satisfied
I bought a couple about two years ago. And they're great I hooked them up to an 1500 watts amplifier along with two other speakers and they sound great
No they don't and I'm not sure if putting them on a pole would be possible.
No anything will work. Just depends on how hard your gonna push them. I would recommend getting a pack of the banana clips that are 20$. Saves alot of time and wear on your fingers. And if your gonna push them as hard as I do your gonna want 12 gauge wire. But no smaller than 16 over 200watts. .
Sorry I'm not able to help. My son got the speakers and he's not an expert on The subject.
any type of speaker wire I am running a 18 gauge RCA wire
The only thing I could find on the warranty is a card that says; Log on to www.vmaudio.com to activate your warranty within 20 days of your purchase in order to validate warranty. That's it, no details. Hope this helps.
You have to buy a separate speaker cables.there's a lot in Amazon...from 50ft-100ft preferably a gauge 16 or 14...the lower the # the thicker/better....
Acoustic foam is not intended to be used as a sound barrier. It will not keep sound in or sound out although it may lead to some attenuation of the transmitted signal. Foam is intended to reduce sound reflections within the room and to deaden the sound of a space. Soundproofing is an entirely different application which required floating walls/floors/ceilings and sound barrier materials.
Yes they will reduce the echo. Put a few rugs down as well. Good luck.
If you insultated the walls and use these it will result in a sound reduction.
Yes, they absorb sound. It won't be completely sound proof but it surely will dampen noise.
I used Command Strips that are used to hang picture frames, which makes putting them up really easy, and then there's no real mess when you go to take them down. Really, the foam itself shouldn't cause any huge issues when it comes to hanging them, it mostly comes down to the solution that you use to hang them. Just make sure you use enough to keep the panels up. I used 3 of the "Command Large Picture Hanging Strips" per panel in a triangular pattern, one in both of the top corners and one in the middle at the bottom.
The flat side goes against the wall with the side with the ridges facing into the room.
Hi, in my experience, this is very basic sound proofing. So can't expect too much. But if you stick them all over the room including ceiling, and rug on floor, it dose help reduce the volume.
It will diminish any noise to some degree, but if it's coming from outside, putting it in the window will block some of it. These work best to keep sound from bouncing off walls.
Really the only way it would help in another room would be for it to be in that room. I'm sure it will help some but you would be tring to damper sound that is already bleeding into your space. It works best by receiving soun waves and stopping them. A cheaper method would be to hang stryofoam panels on your wall. you can get them at Lowe's.
I believe it would be way to heavy for that. I tried velcro initially, and it did not hold. I ended up using the velcro PLUS some screws to hold them in. This has worked well. I hope this helps.
I can't really say, but I do know if you call the company that they have been very helpful to us. Give them a ring.
Yes
6 hours continuous use
Hello, 6023VM system is fixed frequencies but you may use two of the units (4 people/4channels) simultaneously in the same room. You will need to purchase those two systems with different frequencies. We would recommend you to purchase directly from Ezprogear store at amazon instead of fulfillment if you are purchasing two units with different frequencies. Hope this help. Thank you.
Hello, Audio2000s 6023vm system requires "Microphone Input" to plug in. Therefore we do not recommend this to be used with PC and using any adapter will cause the sound quality (very low/no sound at all). Hope this help Thank you
Yes it can but you will need some recording software, I use audacity because it's free. Once you have downloaded and installed Audacity you will need to install LAME to export the files from Audacity in a MP3 format to replay on your computer. You will need a 1/4in to 1/8 in audio adapter ; plug the 1/8in end into the mic input of your computer and run the 1/4 in Audio cable that came with your Audio2000s from the adapter on your computer to the input on the Audio200s. There is a free tutorial that comes with the Audacity software it would be a good idea to review that if you have never used any recording software.
Hello, Unfortunately you can not use 6023VM with any camera since it does not built in with AUX ouput. But if your camera does have "microphone input" then it should be fine to use (sound quality is not guarantee). Otherwise, you might want to check out this item on amazon. ASIN: B00I9N5ZGY Item model number: WV6951M Hope this help Thank you
It is only good at close range and not outside
There is an audio output, so as long as you have the right cables and software, yes.
The " plugs into the PA system. I first tried plugging into a JBL Flip speaker using a cable with a " x mini plug, but the volume could not be turned up high enough to cover the meeting room. A portable PA system worked good, but just had to position and face the PA speaker away from the presenter to avoid feedback.
The $649 model is a pro model with standard sitar tuners. The $279 is a smaller studio version with guitar tuners for the main 7 strings.
I'm not sure, but when I asked a similar question someone told me it was the placement of the input / pickup. I just received this sitar 2 weeks ago and it's amazing.
Hi, at least in my case the sitar came with a gig bag and with a sort of hard paperboard case (not fiberboard), probably only for protecting the instrument during shipping (not very good quality), but anyway it can be useful if you don't have a better one. I hope it helps. Cheers! Good instrument!!
It is the same as a regular sitar. I find it is a bit easier to make it out of tune by pulling the strings due to the guitar type tuning pegs.
mine came with 7, unless it changed since last september there should be 7
Yes it is.
I received the package properly boxed woth no damage. It only comes with what is shown in the photos so I used youtube as my guide on how to set up the brigde and the bow. The cello itself is great. However I suggest you get a proper bow.
It can be pulled out to be put in a stopper but not removed and shouldn't be.
Unfortunately SoCal Daily Deals is unable to ship to Canada at this time. The item is shipped with the strings installed, however the bridge must be installed when the item is received. We do ship in this condition to ensure damage does not occur while in transit. Thank you!
Yes, it does
its a soft side case, so it will protect from dust and dirt but, not from bumps and such.
It comes with the strings but you have to put them on place and the bow it's good
yes
It's full size
Stained wood
China. But it was made very well and for the beginner it can take the bearing you'd be afraid to put a more expensive model through.
Gary, This will fit. I've installed this in an older Matrix and a Balladeer. If you do not have a preamp already in place, I'd recommend getting one. Your only issue if you have an older Balladeer will be the connection to the preamp. In the old models it was hard wired in and in the newer OP preamps you have that blade connector that the preamp connects to molded into the side.
I bought it to replace a cracked one. It got to me fast and works great.
that sounds like a cool thing to do. I think it would work because they are just carring a signal so if you wired several toether and then had a good powered preamp or even a foot pedal eq that has a volume control it could work. They are so inexpensive that it is worth a try.
Not sure about the length specification. I bought this to replace the pickup in my 12 string Yamaha and it works/sounds great. Been a while, but I think I had to cut the connector off and solder the Yamaha style connector. Good choice for what I needed. Hope this help!
It's amazing!!! It is so sensitive and I am using it in a guitar for several months without problems. It is a reliable piece. Carlos
M
Khai, Yes it does. It is still better to install this with either a on board preamp or use a stompbox or other type preamp. Due to the high Impedance of piezos, it brings that down and gives you a better more easily adjusted signal. Amazons prices for the Piezo with a 5 band preamp are very readonable (I paid $25 incl. shipping for the last unit I purchased. One of these was installed in an old Applause classical I had and the sound was greatly improved over the original piezo with passive volume and tone controls. Not hard to install the preamp in the side, I used a utility knife to score the template of the unit through the Mahogany sides of the guitar (multiple shallow passes ntil I was all the way through, then using a file to true up the hole).
Not really. it's designed to be placed under the saddle in an acoustic guitar the bridge on most mandolins is not comparable with this type of pickup. I personally have a k and k pure mini in my mandolin, it was easy to install and sounds great. This pickup was one I installed in a friend's guitar and for the price it sounds amazing. Just not meant for mando...
the pickup is 2-3/4" long and 7/64" wide so I don't think so. You may be able to cut it to length. It's only $6 so it may be worth a try.
Sits in bridge. But unbelievable value for a client who both him and I wanted to keep his old vintage scousvbsss stick. Others went for $100 s. If your in phx az I'll yltskr a look at your ovation. Used to play them when I performed in late 70 s haha
Yes, works perfectly fine!
Yes - I lead fitness classes with it, plugging my iPod and microphone transmitter in separate channels.
It does have a cooling fan and it is pretty loud. You probably will not hear it much if you're playing music, but if it is near recording equipment you can hear it.
You can choose to only use one if you would like. It also works with other speakers if you have the right connection cord.
I'm not sure I understand the question. There's a mixer included in the setup. If you have the appropriate cables, you can connect any number of devices, including CD players. If you meant to ask, "Can I use this WITH my mixer that is connected to my CD players?" the answer would be a tentative 'yes', but there wouldn't be any point and I can't imagine a scenario where you would do so.
Yes
I use a small Behringer mixer in our system. It allows me to plug in a keyboard, an extra mic, and a couple of guitars. Works fine. There are better sound systems for sure, but for the money this setup is perfect for our little chapel.
No, No phantom. It is a nice little portable but you will need a inline phantom for your mics.
i have a ipad 2 fitting in it..it comes with two small plastic holders that let you slide them in the slot to fit your device- its pretty wide so i imagine a larger one would fit in it. the angle is ok but it does wobble a bit in the slot.
I use a mac book pro, with core i7, I installed komplete elements without any problems, though I use Logic X to use it.
It's powered by device, but uses very little power.
No, I haven't. Would need the appropriate app/drivers to work, of course.
There is a bunch of stuff including Reaktor 5, Guitar Rig 5, Kontakt 5 and good basic keyboard
I think it is, i use it with ableton and it works perfectly. I havent intalled the cd yet
it contains an usb cable(for pc/mac).
It should. I bought it for my grandson who is only 10 years old, and his mother is using it now, too! Both are average sized.
This is a Squier SA-50, this guitar has a LAMINATED spruce top NOT solid. The body is laminated BASSWOOD back and sides NOT laminated agathis. Google before you buy this item. Cheaper everywhere else as well and it comes with poor quality accessories.
It's a Squier SA-50
new strings will stretch for a while. just keep working at it. they will be fine.
Steel
It will be a little big for him, but it will definitely work and he will grow into it within a year or two.
Yes
This is a right handed guitar. While a left handed person could play it they would have to do too many changes to the guitar to make it worth it, after all this is only a $136.01 guitar.
Unfortunately, no. Had to buy one separately.
A terrible one haha. Mine got damaged on the first week. But my friend bought the very same deal and his works fine. I downloaded an app on my phone and dealt with it as. But it comes with a little plastic thing. I really liked the kit, sounds good, for the price is fine. Greetings
I can't remember but I believe it's on fenders website.
That is incorrect. This guitar has no electric hookups, it is strictly an acoustic.
It's acoustic only, you'd need to buy an external acoustic pickup (cheap) to play through an amp. That said, but it! For the price this is an excellent guitar. It is 3/4 size, which is a little small for me, but to the average person it shouldn't be a problem.
It's a 3/4.
Included stand is a 9ft light stand. We suggest safest use at 7-8 feet. LED power is not published, but they appear to be the same 1/4 watt LED's used in the GO series fixtures
Maybe a 20' x 20' area
The Jelly PAR have a translucent case (see the white in the picture) so some of the light glows around the cans. Not alot, but enough with haze to make it look cool around the lights. With the others you have a black case and no light escapes out the back.
Yes, but it will be more effective if there is less environmental light (club lights) around the stage. We have used very effectively but from closer distance.
I'm not sure what "kaali 1" is, but the key is determined by the diameter of the dayan diameter. Here is a basic guide: 5" = D to D# 5.25" = C to C# 5.5" = B to C# 5.75" = G# to Bb 6" = F# to A#
Yes it did
They are for tuning the Bayan.(The larger metal drum.) They slip in under the Baars.(Leather straps) Most often you will not need to use them for quite a while. The head will need to strech out first.
3 to 5 working days
4-5 days
I use mine strictly for my high resolution audio all onboard sound boards have to be disabled in order to get the full capability of a DAC when used with a 5.1 home theater it's nothing but a brick the HT head unit will mess with the bit stream and the DAC will do it's best but you're feeding it 50% of the data A DACs place in my setup goes like this Laptop usb out DAC high quality RCA plugs to AMP to speakers the fewer steps between the source audio and the DAC the better hope that helps
I had the same problem with this unit after three months of trying downloading the drivers multiple times I still could not get it to work. I bought it from spirit sound through Amazon so I called them up and explained the problem that I was having and they had no answers either. Luckily for me spirit sound is a quality company they let me return the unit and since I was interested in a new CD player they gave me full credit and I purchased and NAD CD 546 BEE. This NAD has a USB port with a dedicated the eighth that accepts music from my 64-bit computer. I mention this because I just replaced a Denon receiver that would only accept input from a 32-bit machines which I did not know when I purchased it. The sound quality that comes out of the NAD is unbelievable both from the CD and the USB.
Dear Kay, The DAC will not work in between your Ipod and the tube amp because there is no way to connect your Ipod to the DAC. No compatible wiring and connectors available. This is the problem with apple products, only compatible with their own series of devices. You can connect the IPOD directly to the Tube amp, yes, with RCA connectors on the Amp side 9or any other available) and withna easily available jack on the Iphone side. The IPOD has an inbuilt DAC on its board but it doesnt get close to the Cambridge DAC quality. To connect a digital device to the Tube amp with a high fidelity DAC in between you have to look for non-apple players, COWON for example, top quality by the way.
Hello - this has single ended RCA outputs only - in order to get both single ended RCA and XLR Balanced outputs, you must move up to the DacMagic Plus.
Unit is powered by an adapter via wall outlet.
Very quiet device. I can't detect any issues with hiss.
RCA. The dac Magic only outputs 2 channel analog. Sounds great by the way!
More than likely not. The CD player has it's own internal DAC. The external DAC is used to bypass the lower quality sound card in your laptop, desktop, iPhone, iPod, other digital source converting the digital signal to analog giving the user a higher quality signal to amplify.
DAC's are not best used for video applications as they are Digital Analog Converters. They shine for two channel high resolution audio and require a 4 GB laptop and computer audio player properly set in order to get the highest quality but they fall short for today's surround sound audio. I would suggest you use a good 5.1 or greater A/V head unit with a good set of speakers. DAC's are for listening to pure sound and would do well if you don't mind a 2 channel setup but most a/v sound never approaches the bit rate required for hi res audio (5,000 Kbps 192khz) in other words unless your an audio freak it would be a waste of money
I DONT THINK SO BUT IT IS REALLY GOOD!
Mikey connects to the iPad via the same port as the battery charger. However, Mikey has a mini USB port on the side which, with the proper cable, you will be able to charge the iPad while recording with Mikey. However, if you have your iPad full charged before you begin recording, I think you should have no trouble in recording two hours without charging.
yes you can use headphones simultaneously.
Yes, I am using it with mine. Excellent Mic. I own some blue condenser mics. & This Mikey is also great and truly inexpensive. Buy it; you won't regret it.
Yes. There are three pickup volume settings. If you are trying to capture speaking voices, use the lowest (one bar) setting and it should record everyone who speaks. Although, if people in the back speak softly, it may be more difficult to hear on the recording.
No, it is not a speaker. It is a microphone.
Yes works with iPad. For iPads with a lightning connection you'll need a adapter.
I have used, iProRecorder from Bias-inc which has closed down and is no longer available, FiLMiC Pro 2 which is video and audio, RecorderHQ has been tested. I use it on iPhone 5 with the lightening adapter.
This has the large iPod connector for the iPad1 and iPad2. I believe the iPod 5th Gen has the Lightening, which this isn't.
I have the 5 and it works wi/ adaptor
Yes, there are three mode settings (silver toggle switch on front of device) for either quiet, loud, or auto. I play drums but when I used the loud mode it was super faint, and yet with the auto mode it is really boomy so you need to be farther away and perhaps point the mic away from the source. Ultimately this works but it is nothing like true, dedicated mics with real separation. It's good for a stopgap solution but that's about it.
Yes it does.
My son did. He was younger than 6 but he really liked the lights. If your son loves to sing and likes lights, he will love this item.
Its.about 3 feets
Batteries
Yes it does
Yes. But I just threw it away I was so annoyed by it.
Yes. It does. there is 3.5mm Aux line included for the connection.
Do you mean the 3.5mm Aux line? it's about 5 inch in length
It's about 3ft tall
4-10 years old
You can record if you have a recorder the others I do not know
Yes you can.
Only if it is a CD+G
This machine read CD+Gs so you need to have spanish karaoke CDGs. It also have an iPod dock for your ipod.
Karaoke CD+G (CD + Graphics)
im very happy with this machine i dont know how many songs come with it i have about 50 disc I have not taped myself on machine
It's just for one. But it's still not a bad deal when you compare the cost to some other studio monitors.
I do not have such and I also use RCA input. Please check first if something affecting wires, in my case I had issues with power adapter for notebook, I had to replace it with other one.
SR 8 has 8" woofer - bass will be better. I own SR 8 & SR 6 - I think that if you do not need loud music (SR 8 is much louder) SR 6 is better option.
Depending on the imac, you can do an fiberoptic to a DAC then RCA from the DAC to your Gemini monitors. I have a Macbook pro and the fiberoptic cable plugs into the 3.5mm jack with a special adapter. Without a DAC, the easiest way I would guess have a 3.5mm to RCA splitter, then go from there. You don't have to really worry about a balanced cable unless you're going long distances with cables. (and Balanced cables are more expensive)
That is the price for 1.
no, I bought on Ebay, but here is the pads I bought... http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B007YFWUDO/ref=oh_details_o00_s02_i00?ie=UTF8&psc=1 joefro21@gmail.com for the ebay link, $313 with shipping for two, bnib
I do not believe it is advanced enough to be able to map to Virtual DJ. The controller comes with MixVibes Cross LE DJ software.
Yup...you sure can! It has ports on the front and the back.
yes you can - took me some tweaking with the audio settings to get the headphones to work properly though
Just silver.
No, sold separately
They are probucker pickups. Neck Pickup: ProBucker-2 (4-wire) Bridge Pickup: ProBucker-3 (4-wire).
No. Doesn't have coil tapping.
Silver Burst
Yes, this particular item has the "silverburst" finish.
It is molded
This version of the StudioConnect is 16 bit.
I have an IPad 2 with a 30 pin it does come with a lightning adapter so it should work with air honest I sent it back because it wouldn't run my keys
Hmmm, actual midi keyboards don't generate any sounds.
I have a iPhone 4 and it does work with the Studio Connect, but I have heard that for some reason the 4s does not work, although I haven't tried it myself. It doesn't make sense to me that the 4 would work but the 4s wouldn't, but that's what I've read.
There is two input jacks on the rear of the unit, one mono 1/4 and one mini- stereo 1/8
It does not work properly with an after-maket adapter. I have never tried the authentic apple product
I have had success with this on iPads with both the 30 pin connector and with the lightning connector with an adaptor.
no, maybe you can use special belt, but locker mmm no, I was trying it is possible, but good question, I didn't know the possibility to use a locker, because it is heavy and I use for local places.
I am not sure, but it fits my jvm 410h and 6100. Pretty much standard size. It does have some inserts to pad smaller heads. It's put away at the moment so I am unable to measure it at this time. It's a quality product good for light to medium duty. I used it to move and for gigging. It's a bit heavy with a head in it so you may want to think about adding casters unless you move it another way.
No
You would have to cut the cable out. There are no covers of any sort that you could remove.
I believe it's the standard 5/8ths. My Shure SM7B and Shockmount for my AKG screw right into it without any adapter.
Each of the sections of the arm are 18" (I have 2 on my desk next to me, I just measured). The base makes the bottom section sit 3" above the desk, and the top swivel adds another 2" to the total length it will extend.
While they will extend their full length (about 36 inches) the functional distance in my installation is about 24 inches and still hold the microphone in a comfortable position. While not extremely heavy duty, these are an excellent value for light usage.
Not easily
This is made to handle the MXL mic as shown in the picture, and that is the mic I have on it. It is relatively light weight and would not handle any mic heaver than theirs. For example it would not hold an EV RE20 and shock mount, or similar.
Pop filter comes with a clip or something similar which is ok. Don't know what comes with the mike, adverts say it fits all mikes. Hope this helps
I would put at least 1/2" piece of plywood or any wood/plastic between the glass and the clamp side just to be safe.
Yes. I have three of these and the clamps have been very durable and sturdy.
This mic stand has an integrated Integral 3-pin XLRM-type extension cable (which is the type of output that the AT2020 mic uses, I believe), and a 5/8" threaded connector to hold the mic (which I believe the AT2020 also uses). As far as I can tell, it would work perfectly with it. I also bolted a Nady MPF-6 6-Inch Clamp On Microphone Pop Filter on mine. Works quite well.
Hi it is all laminate Mahogany and made at Taylors Mexico plant.
Steel string, and what an awesome little guitar. Sounds better than the Baby Martin.
Tan
I don't see why it couldn't.
Not a problem. I took mine to a local luthier for set up and he was impressed with the quality.
Yes
No
Yes of course, I use strap for more confortable guitar playing...
Hi sorry we can not ship this item to you
Yes it comes with both.
Absolutely. And a fourth. One of the plugins must be a "dynamic" mike (upper, 1/4-inch or 6.5-mm jack) and the other must be a "ceramic" mike (second, 1/8-inch or 3.5-mm jack). Plus you can add MP3 music via the third "aux in" jack. You can even add several more mikes using a "sub-mixer" through this "aux in" jack.
I haven't tried that, but I don't see why that wouldn't work. I've used my phone, my ipod and a tablet and those all work.
it does that at times but its only because of certain radio waves or and electric energy going on other than that it work well..try adjusting your wireless mic mini box ...theres a small adjustment switch at the top..make sure the line is in the middle of - and + ..also make sure you batteries is good because sometimes after a while if your batteries is wearing out that can cause the problem or if its not fully charge...but i had this speaker for months now and its done magic..im a singer so it has helped ALOT.
The unit is loud enough for outside but the battery doesn't last very long.
I used it at the beginning of the school year in my classroom and it would occasionally buzz disrupting my lesson. Since then I haven't really used it.
Try pointing the speaker away from you and stay at least a few feet away from the speaker so you avoid feedback between the microphone and receiver.
Try making adjustments to the main unit by reducing the sound volume and/or other adjustment buttons.
No
I haven't tried to run the units for that many hours. The receiver has a electric cord. So, if you have access to an electrical outlet, you should be good to go. The lapel mic and the over-the-ear head mic plug into a small cigarette sized transmitting unit which is powered by a small 9volt battery. The handheld mic has a cavity where you plug in its 9volt battery. I have never run a battery unit - a flashlight or a weed-whacker for more than an hour, have you? Just bring along two(2) extra 9volt batteries. They are easily changed in the breathing spaces between your talking. Good luck. It sounds like it could be a very intense class.
I use Magix only for voice as I record audio books for Blackstone Publishing. I haven't tried voice over but I have mixed musical loops for chapters. Magix has a record function and a mixer so V O is can be used. I'm happy with this this program - for the money it works quite well.
I believe it does work on Win 8 - to be sure you don't make a mistake check the product details and if you can't find your OP there then Magix has a user friendly website and they answered my questions within 24 hours. Hope it works for you - its an easy to use, reliable program.
I am not sure what evp sessions are. I use the software for capturing analog audio, cleaning it, beafing up equalization and dynamics, convert to WAV, and or MP3, etc. I also compile music from CDs, beaf up the dynamics of older ones, connvert them to MP3, etc. Magix software typically will use any audio source recorded on a drive, and you can work with it. I can't help you with this particular issue. Perhaps contact Magix directly for an answer. I'm sorry if this wasn't helpful.
It has 2 detachable backpack straps and an attached handle. It makes a crinkly sound because of the lining which I've read that some people found troubling. No big deal to me. I love it and it's protected my uke beautifully.
Soprano. Would you like a picture?
Yes. That is what my girls carry theirs in.
i just tired it with my pineapple it fits.
the widest part of a soprano ukulele fits tightly in this case. i'd say leas than 1/4" extra room. i dont know the dimensions of a banjolele but if it is slightly wider/longer than a uke it will not fit.
To be honest, IDK, I bought this and gave it away as a present, got to ask my niece whom I gave it to. Sorry can't help.
My Husband and I purchased it for our 9 year old daughter and she loves it. So yes I believe that your nephew will love it!
You have to order karaoke CD 's separately or download music from 9other devices, or the internet
It only runs on electric. Sorry.
I loaded karaoke to my Kindle with country karaoke from amazon apps, and plugged it in to my t.v. usb for computer..played music and the lyrics on screen fine...used the electrohome as a p.a . for the singers...
Yes
No
I gave this a a gift. I'm sorry. I don't know.
Indeed. There are.
Sure if you order till 10th March and provide us your waist size same time of purchase then will deliver you before St Patrick's day 2014
when u buy the item they ask you in comment for the 3 sizes and how to size yourself. kilts are made to fit who there made for and wont fit anyone ells properly unless they have exact build you do. if I remember right they need your waist size -lower stomach , buttox size and the length from belly button to knee.DOn't go off size of what your jeans are grab a measuring tape be as accurate as possible. mine fit perfectly and it comes with some leeway in the straps. I wore it to a Drop kick Murphys concert and everyone out of the blue had to buy me a drink :)
No speakers.
Nord Piano 2
We have both.
Yes it does....
HA88 stands for Hammer Action 88 Keys They have the Stage 2 Ha88 and the Piano2 HA88 This is the Piano 2 HA88
Vincent, yes! This guitar comes with a Parker gig bag. Let me know if there is anything else I can do for you. Cheers, - Jeff
It has black tuners. Made in China. We have it available.
I think so the body is super thin and it's maybe a bit shorter than say a strat. As long as the case can fit multiple body shapes it should be fine
About 5-6 lbs on my bathroom scale. I looked at Parker's website first but they don't specify it.
With only standard shipping, Amazon shipped my guitar to Europe in one week. It arrived today. While Amazon directly ships to Europe no longer, Amazon's associates do. At least one does today.
Any of those would work fine as a practice amp, but the Roland Cube series generally has outstanding features, a more pro-quality sound and above-average reliability for the price.
yes the mics we have are all interchangable...we have a total of 10 gtd mics...we love them!!!!
They are not all compatible. You need to make sure you order the right mic for the right receiver. Look for the extra mic's for your receiver specifically. The mic referenced will not work with this receiver
It should be. I have the 733 system with two mics though so , I am not sure about yours with 4 mics.
Don't really understand the question. So here are few possible answers to your question. 1)It is a UHF 2)A GTD audio receiver, you can buy the transmitter mic a receiver together here on amazon. 3) you will not be able to hear anything from this mic unless you have the receiver and something to play the audio that has an input. Most people probably use a karaoke machine, a PA, or maybe even a stereo with a mic input which will probably require an adapter.
Yes
I would send a message through Amazon to Audio-USA and ask the question. They are quick to respond.
I'd be interested in selling my system.....as I no longer use it. Has 2 handheld mics... lavelier mic and headset mic.
Yes they do
No. Besides the channel spacing being different, the GTD modulation technique is direct sequence spread spectrum - not compatible.
If you get the same mics - then they will work - but the extra ones have to be the same make/model. When you get a new mic - you need to initialize the mic to the channels on the GTD base unit. This is described in the handbook and involves taking off the end cover and pointing it at the base unit. All mics should be set to the same channels to work together. Good luck with this.
HI, Katheryn It wont work, the USB is only for flash drives with music files
I have not used mine at all, I actually have it for sale due to a job loss. However, the one day I did try it out I found I you don't plug your IPhone into the charger at the top, and just run the machine off of its battery it takes away that buzz.
Cliff it shouldn't be a problem to hook up your android tablet. I don't own one but I do believe that is uses a standard MP3 player connection 1/8th inch.
We used it for 10 straight hours without a problem!!!
I don't know about a parade float, But I have used this in a very large auditorium and worked great. With 800 watts I don't think it would be a problem.
Not via bluetooth, but it hooked up to mine just fine with the included wire/adapter. And then it blew up and started smoking. Two days after my return period.
It has a power cord that you use to charge it and I believe if you use it while plugged in, it doesn't uses the battery. You can us it with an iPhone ( or any MP3 player/smart phone) but I highly recommend purchasing a cable with a 1/4 inch jack on one end and an 1/8 inch on the other to run music through the "aux in" instead of the designated iPhone slot. When you use the iPhone slot you receive a lot of static with the music but you get none if you use the "aux in" imput.
The music paying from my iPod sounds great, but I am generally using it as a PA system. The battery runs the system for about 5 hours, but if you need more continuous playtime, have an alternate power source.
Should be fine, 4 hrs or so mine last.
I'm not sure. Here is some contact information for this company where you should be able to find out.Benzion Electronic Engineering Technician Pyle Technical Assistance 1600 63rd St Brooklyn, NY 11204 www.pyleaudio.com
Ionic Rotating Stand Leather Case with SLEEP AND WAKE Functiontion - according to Apple's website, the iPAD Air is a different size than the previous iPADs. See https://www.apple.com/ipad/compare/ So I don't think that this case will fit the iPAD Air.
No, it doesn't and I wish it did! There are some that have it.
Yes. It is really a nice case. I bought a black on and a brown one because the price is so reasonable
It fits the ipad 2 but not the ipad 3, tried it and the description they put on this item should be for ipad 2, not for ipad 3, very disappointing but oh well
I consider it bright green. The stitching is green and so is the inside. It's a really pretty color I like it.
Ionic Rotating Stand Leather Case with SLEEP AND WAKE Functiontion - according to Apple's website, the iPAD Air is a different size than the previous iPADs. See https://www.apple.com/ipad/compare/ So I don't think that this case will fit the iPAD Air.
No, it doesn't and I wish it did! There are some that have it.
Yes. It is really a nice case. I bought a black on and a brown one because the price is so reasonable
It fits the ipad 2 but not the ipad 3, tried it and the description they put on this item should be for ipad 2, not for ipad 3, very disappointing but oh well
I consider it bright green. The stitching is green and so is the inside. It's a really pretty color I like it.
Ionic Rotating Stand Leather Case with SLEEP AND WAKE Functiontion - according to Apple's website, the iPAD Air is a different size than the previous iPADs. See https://www.apple.com/ipad/compare/ So I don't think that this case will fit the iPAD Air.
No, it doesn't and I wish it did! There are some that have it.
Yes. It is really a nice case. I bought a black on and a brown one because the price is so reasonable
It fits the ipad 2 but not the ipad 3, tried it and the description they put on this item should be for ipad 2, not for ipad 3, very disappointing but oh well
I consider it bright green. The stitching is green and so is the inside. It's a really pretty color I like it.
Ionic Rotating Stand Leather Case with SLEEP AND WAKE Functiontion - according to Apple's website, the iPAD Air is a different size than the previous iPADs. See https://www.apple.com/ipad/compare/ So I don't think that this case will fit the iPAD Air.
No, it doesn't and I wish it did! There are some that have it.
Yes. It is really a nice case. I bought a black on and a brown one because the price is so reasonable
It fits the ipad 2 but not the ipad 3, tried it and the description they put on this item should be for ipad 2, not for ipad 3, very disappointing but oh well
I consider it bright green. The stitching is green and so is the inside. It's a really pretty color I like it.
Ionic Rotating Stand Leather Case with SLEEP AND WAKE Functiontion - according to Apple's website, the iPAD Air is a different size than the previous iPADs. See https://www.apple.com/ipad/compare/ So I don't think that this case will fit the iPAD Air.
No, it doesn't and I wish it did! There are some that have it.
Yes. It is really a nice case. I bought a black on and a brown one because the price is so reasonable
It fits the ipad 2 but not the ipad 3, tried it and the description they put on this item should be for ipad 2, not for ipad 3, very disappointing but oh well
I consider it bright green. The stitching is green and so is the inside. It's a really pretty color I like it.
Yes. Its the bad thing on this unit. No power switch to save battery. If you don't use your guitar every day, and afraid to loss the battery if taken out of holder, just cut a rectangular piece of paper, wrap around over the battery holder where the terminals are, and push it to the battery slot. Its the easiest and simplest thing that I think. Just make sure that the paper in long enough for its easier to pull out from the slot. In short , "NO BATTERY CONTACTS".
no me llego este producto...
Yes it's included piezo pickup.
yes
I just built a CBG with that..only a small space....I had to use them..I have them in stock.....there is a flat one though....are u on FB?
The base is curved. So it will not lay flat if you try to install it on the face/front of the guitar. The trim ring is about 3/16" deep all around.
yep, i would suggest u to whatch some videos in youtube about "how to install a piezo pick up" i learnt a lot from them and it was fun and easy.
Hello, Mine did not. M
I did not recieve screws with mine.
Yes
Mostly reverbs
The unit does have effects but they are poorly done and I usually don't use them. They claim to have reverb but actually it is just a shorter echo length. Not sure what you mean by send/receive ports but it does have 4 outputs on the back that I use in stereo mode. It operates the same as the larger mixers but with only 4 inputs. I find it to be a tremendous value and have used it multiple times to DJ smaller venues.
1. 2 sliders for two internal amps L
If left on high setting, 8 hours.
Absolutely!!!! Better to use the adapter than batteries; they drain very quickly. Those other answers that state it only uses batteries are incorrect. If you have doubts contact mighty bright for a definitive answer. I will only say that from day one I have been using an adapter; it connects at the top rear of the light.
The battery area is a slide on/off case. There are no screws used to hold the case close. It is a wonderful light. The clamp which clips onto whatever you want to attach it to is strong. Hope this helps!
AAA. I love this light (I use it clipped on a music stand) but it does eat batteries! I guess the convenience of use outweighs the cost of the batteries.
I am not sure, but the hole looks like a place to plug in a power adapter.
Its sufficiently light weight (pardon the pun) to attach to a music book or the support for the music sheet so I see no reason why it couldn't be used to light up sheet music. If your intent was to light up the keys then you'll need perhaps have multiple units.
It will stand up on its own, but the whole light is very lightweight and it would not take much to knock it over.
I don't believe that your unit is working right. it should only go through the 3 positions via the push button. The clip is not part of the circuit.
You'll get 4-5 if you use it on high power, more if you use it on low power. I generally turn it off between songs if I use it as a stand light. I also suggest removing the batteries before you store it after use, as the power switch is easily turned on and the battery drained.
Mine did.
Yes. The 2 RCA female plugs are the mixers output. 2 out of the 4 female RCA plugs on your recorder are inputs. You use these. The other 2 are outputs. They go to an external amp. Not the mixer. If you wanted to hear the recording thru the mixer from the recorder, get an RCA male 2 connector to 2 (1/4" ) plugs (like guitar plugs and run them thru 2 channels on the mixer
To get real, it's wattage is 250 watts per channel. It has a USB port that will play .wav and .MP3 audio files. So far it's been an awesome PA. Get a case for it, the controls are delicate.
I bought this unit for a friend and am not familiar with it myself. However, that being said, there are four outputs on the back. I imagine two are for the mains and the other two could be used for monitors, particularly if you're not running a widely panned stereo mix.
The Max out Left and right can be sent to an amp. and it has the complete mix from the mixer, Aux send can be sent to other Sound Effects and returned to be sent out through The Max out as I stated earlier to external Amp.
If you have a 70w at 4 ohms minimum, this puts out 500 at 4 ohms. It will have no problem driving your current speakers.
I didn't weigh it but by lifting and holding it, I would guess between 15 an 18 lbs.
Yes it does we are in a band and use this all the time it is definitely worth it for the price
They are stereo but both had a terrible buzz coming from them when I got mine. I tried getting it replaced and it took forever and received a new one that had a buzz in the main outs again. I wouldn't recommend buying one of these. They're junk!
You can use a stereo 3.5 mm to a Stereo 1/4" cable. Plug it into the send 1/4" jack on the amp with the other end, 3.5mm into the output of the laptop and put the Aux/Effects button to Aux(Up). The Aux control knob will control the volume. You cannot use the Effects with the Send with the Aux/Effects button up. If you want to use two channels of the mixer you must have a cable with a 3.5 mm stereo "Y 'd" to 2 1/4" mono plugs. Y 'd means 2 two conductor cables, one cable connected to the left if the 3.5mm plug and the other cable connected to the right of the 3.5mm plug.
The effects it does have are very crappy! I would not buy this piece of junk. It is very low quality equipment and for a little more money you could buy something better. When I got mine shipped to me it was broken, they sent me a new one and that one was broken. Finally asked for a refund and that took 3 weeks. Don't waste your time and money. Just a heads up, hate for anyone to go through what I went through!
yes you should be able to use it pretty much with any recorder,run from your voice live out's to your line in's on your recorder/mixer
Absolutely
Yes the GTX will work with duets I use the presets I don't have time to setup but I plan to in the future maybe but what really matters is the quality of the microphone most of these cheap 30-60 dollar model you don't realize is destroying your voice but you you get it when you experience a good condenser mic with the GTX
My acoustic sounds great through the box. You can add chorus, delay, reverb, phlanger, etc..., and there's even a 12-string setting.
The machine only does one effect at a time although some of them are combinations (like distort and flange). However, there is nothing to prevent you from using effects setting on your amp or PA. For example, you can have the GTX set on Honkytonk, but have your PA also include delay. Don't mix up the vocal settings with the guitar settings, they are separate.
Both very nicely. When you go to guitar settings (8th or last one on the choices), you will find everything from clean, phase, flange, distortion, etc. and these all have settings. the voice settings involve pitch correction, harmonies (use auto key for all harmonies). voice doubling and more. Harmonies sound real and not electronic.
No, you need a footswitch. This buttons are for change between presets and activate some voice effects. In addition, each preset or voice effect have a guitar effect. For example, the preset #4 is BRICKWALL FLOYD, this preset change your voice to emulate the voice chorus present in the song "Another Brick in the Wall", you can turn on / off this voice effect, but the guitar always have the same guitar effect.
Sorry, I dont know, I use it to control a Boss loop station ant it Works great
You might need to buy the cable that goes from the pedal to the amp. Other than that you should be okay. If you have the manual for the cube, it might shed a little bit more light on the subject.
Your going to want a Roland ga fc pedal, not a fs6, i use the fs 6 for a boss loop pedal to add effects to a t track or switch tracks, hence the reason for the trs, the boss rc 30 only has one foot switch 1/4 inch in the back so for that you need to have the dual end trs cable......can't guarantee this is going to work for you....like i said look at the ga fc pedal, it's designed for your cube 80
yes it is. works just fine.
I am impressed with this machine. I think for a noisy place, since you're working with higher frequencies, you'll be able to cut through it, placed high. Cardioid, I'd just try what I had available.
I don't know the answer to this but I would be really interested to hear someone else's ideas. You are giving me the idea of a workflow which would be different from the one I typically use: guitar - audio i/f - software (I typically use Sonar) - Guitar Rig. I interpret you to be putting the guitar effects at the beginning of the chain and the using the THR5 as the audio i/f. Given your Focusrite probably has better converters, and your pedals are going to introduce noise, I would expect you to be getting a different kind of sound. Like Link Wray for the 21st century. Good Luck!
I do not advise the use of this equipment for use with a microphone. Not even usalo as mp3 player. Already tested in these situations and my evaluation I consider unsatisfactory. Ja for use with the guitar I love him. I hope I help him
Yes - ours is the V.2. Thank you!
Hey Patrick. I have the THR5, which has the same sounds as the 10 but a few less features. I play a lot of classic rock and late 80's stuff too and I think the tones are great. I haven't tried the THR10x but from what I read it's geared more towards the metal crowd. For classic rock tones, I find the THR5's and 10's have more than enough gain. I was really impressed with how responsive it is to pinch harmonics and feedback. Get some really cool early ZZ Top and even GNR tones on it. The effects are awesome too. The tremelo and flange are pretty authentic. If you're not really bothered about saving patches or having an extra control for aux-in volume, you can save even more bucks and get the THR5. My ONLY complaint is with the whole range, and it's a very small complaint... the power switch is actually plastic. Mine's snapped off after I clipped it with my headstock. Still works though. Anyway, hope that helps. These things definitely make practice more convenient without sacrificing tone.
It says I/P AC 100 - 240V 50/60Hz 1.1A.
Most beginners and lesson use the Key of C.
The primary difference appears to be cosmetic, in that the cover plate has changed (for the worse, in my opinion). Rather than the fancier script it reads "Special 20" with the word "Progressive" in the middle. The screw heads that hold the reed plate in are smaller than before, and the diameter of the screws is about half of what it was. There are a couple of other little changes too, but not worth mentioning. None of these things are a big deal in terms of playability - pretty much non-issues, really. I'd still go for the earlier model (stores have tons of them around) just on looks, the older model just has a cooler appearance. Also, you could watch for sales on these (just before Christmas Amazon had a set of 5 for $106). Still, it's a good harp.
The number 20 represents the amount of reeds in this harmonica (20 brass).
I don't understand the question. What chart? As far as I know, there is only one Special 20- the Marine Band-branded one, as you describe. If you check the Hohner site, that's all you'll find under Special 20, in the various keys. I've been playing them for thirty years- they've never varied, far as I know. If you got something other than the MB Sp. 20 as pictured, you've gotten something weird, maybe not genuine Hohner. Is it maybe country-tuned, or some other odd tuning? Is it from some overseas outlet? I'd be interested in seeing a picture of a progressive Sp.20.
I don't see why not. It would void any kind of warranty.
The Hohner Special 20 is a better quality over the Marine Band. The 20 is what famous players like Bob Dylan and Neil Young use. There is nothing wrong with the Marine Band the 20 is just a little better quality.
Try doing doing the draw 2 softer until you get a clear single note. May take a week or two. Have a several of them and no problems with them, usually a matter of technique and working with it to get the desired sound.
Yes, Susan, the one I have is "Made in Germany," it's so stamped, and I love it as well as my Crossover which was also made in Germany. However "The Golden Melody" I still have my doubts about even though Hohner from Germany assured me that it was. If the harmonica itself is not stamped "Made in Germany," I'd stay away from it. A paper sticker to me means the sticker only is made in Germany. I recognize German quality when I see it. Bill
I would not recommend buying a used harmonica since half of the notes are played by sucking in air through the reeds. These reeds can contain countless germs. I was told that it is actually illegal for a retail business to sell used harmonicas in many states. That is why you cannot test play them before buying. You need to use a bellow.
Yes
Unlike a lot of the other cheap harmonicas, it appears that this is, in fact, made in Germany.
Yes it does. Very small plastic 2 piece case.
This is a great little harmonica. I have not had to clean it since I only use it once and a while. It is just used more as a necklace.
Yes, it's a black plastic case that splits in half with honher in gold and two small air holes at the bottom
Yes, though you may have to remove any case for the phone so the mini-plug can plug in all the way. Also, the model of adapter I'm using is for microphones that have an external power source, like a battery for a lavalier mic.
Yes all iphones and ipads
As far as I know, it should work with any iPhone from the model 3 on up.
No. this is for two microphones.
To my knowledge, the microphone on the GoPro Hero cameras is good enough to capture good quality audio at close range without adding an external microphone. I own this adapter and it works well on the iPhone with active microphones.
It might, but I'm not sure. You'll see it has three black rings on the plug. That's an iPhone-friendly adapter feature. Most stereo plugs have just two. Mono plugs have one. I don't know if the extra ring would be a factor or not. I wouldn't risk it, and you can almost surely find a dual-mic input for devices like GoPros.
Can't explain that, sorry. Should work.
The adapter is designed specifically for iPhone. It MIGHT work on a normal input as on a Canon but I would NOT assume that. You'd be better off finding a dual microphone adapter for a regular mini-jack input.
Yes, allows two sources in but can't alter the level. Suggest iRig mixer, Wharfdale or Beringer mixer if you wish to have the most flexibility
Yes, it works ust as well with one mic. I've noticed no impedence issues.
Yes, though you may have to remove any case for the phone so the mini-plug can plug in all the way. Also, the model of adapter I'm using is for microphones that have an external power source, like a battery for a lavalier mic.
Yes all iphones and ipads
As far as I know, it should work with any iPhone from the model 3 on up.
No. this is for two microphones.
To my knowledge, the microphone on the GoPro Hero cameras is good enough to capture good quality audio at close range without adding an external microphone. I own this adapter and it works well on the iPhone with active microphones.
It might, but I'm not sure. You'll see it has three black rings on the plug. That's an iPhone-friendly adapter feature. Most stereo plugs have just two. Mono plugs have one. I don't know if the extra ring would be a factor or not. I wouldn't risk it, and you can almost surely find a dual-mic input for devices like GoPros.
Can't explain that, sorry. Should work.
The adapter is designed specifically for iPhone. It MIGHT work on a normal input as on a Canon but I would NOT assume that. You'd be better off finding a dual microphone adapter for a regular mini-jack input.
Yes, allows two sources in but can't alter the level. Suggest iRig mixer, Wharfdale or Beringer mixer if you wish to have the most flexibility
Yes, it works ust as well with one mic. I've noticed no impedence issues.
mine came with pro tools 9 and they Avid offered me to upgrade to 10 the very next day
Carla, it does have a USB connection and it works great with my Mac. Pro Tools found the MBox immediately and it sounds great. I'm very happy with my purchase. Good luck!
This set up will accommodate what you are looking to do but with a few possible difficulties. You can only have 16 tracks, which seems like a lot but they can add up fast. It also has no midi inputs. So if you were looking to run any midi in, which is nice for what you're looking for, you'd need a keyboard or other midi instrument with bus power, or you'd have to purchase a midi interface/preamp. You will also most likely find that the plug ins that come stock do not exactly meet every need you have, so you may have to purchase those as well. But for getting started, it's well equipped and very easy to learn, for the best price for the value. Hope that helps
It's more convenient if you have a midi controller, but if you have none, you can just "draw" the notes in your DAW's piano roll (midi editor).
This is pretty much the industry standard - Express is bundled with Mbox so its a good deal - but it is time consuming to set up - your choice of microphone will really determine the sound for your guitar and vocals - if you are on a budget I would recommend the Behringer B1 or something similar.
Yes the iLok is included
It's probably the same hardware and software as the other site that you looked at. Check and see if the version of pro tools is the same though. It may be the full version of pro tools rather than pro tools express.
I am running windows 8.1 and it works, but the bomb factory plugins don't all work. Just let the sofware load without it. It works great for my system. There are plenary of others that do work; all in all it is complacated to install, just follow the instructions. Bomb factory may all work with windows 7.
Yes
You can record 2 channels at once. Instruments or mics.
We just encountered the same issue after upgrading to a new computer, and Yosemite, and spent quite awhile on the phone with the Pro Tools people - apparently it "will" eventually be cleared, but no really firm time estimate available. They would not commit to anything but "soon" - without specifying if that was days, weeks, or longer.
Yes it takes quarter inch and XLR
Yes it is...thanks for asking
Here is the complete Mac compatibility information: Back to search Results Avid Knowledge Base Pro Tools 11 Qualified Apple Computers Last Updated : December 12, 2013 Products Affected : Pro_Tools_1_6 The following Apple computers are approved by Avid for use with Pro Tools 11 software: Desktops Supported Mac Pro mid-2012, 2010 & 2009 5,1 Mac Pro early 2009 4,1 Not Supported Mac Pro 3,1 "Harpertown" models and lower Laptops MacBook Pro & Air Supported MacBook Pro Retina 15-inch (Mid 2012: 10,1) MacBook Pro Retina 13-inch (Late 2012: 10,2)* MacBook Pro 15-inch (Mid 2012: 9,1) MacBook Pro 13-inch (Mid 2012: 9,2) MacBook Air 2012 5,2 i7 MacBook Air 2011 4,2 (not supported with video engine) * Note: The 13-inch Retina MacBook Pro may have performance problems and is not recommended for Pro Tools with FireWire interfaces Mac Mini Supported Mac Mini 2012 i7 Mac Mini 2011 iMac Supported iMac 2012 13,1 i5 iMac 2010 11,3 i7 iMac 2009 11,1 i5
Yes it is....I am recording off Windows 8 laptop now hopes this help
Mine came with 9.0. I think that was why it was marked down to 1/2 price when I bought it. If you want to get 10 you have to pay full price. Also each install disc comes with the .0 version of the software and each consecutive version is free. So if you get a box with 10.0 you can immediately upgrade to 10.3 at no charge.
Yes it does
We are using it for podcasting, and it works fine. Due to the fact that it is a dynamic microphone, it doesn't pick up background noise as a condenser microphone typically will. However, it is of my opinion that you get what you pay for here. It is great value for the money, but a more expensive mic, like the Rode Procaster or Podcaster (if you want USB connectivity) will give you better sound. You really should avoid holding it while recording, as it picks up noise from hand movements. Also, I have found that it requires a bit of power - while using it with an iPad, it records in low volume. And watch out for popping; you should buy a windshield for it. All in all: If you are on a budget; buy it! Great value and ok sound. If you have the money, buy the Rode Podcaster, for example. For further information and sound samples, you can go to this page: http://recordinghacks.com/2013/03/13/atr2100-usb-and-at2005usb-a-closer-look/
This is not intended to be a professional quality mic. The AT2020-USB+ would be a much better choice.
This mic is highly directional. Therefore it does not pick up as much extraneous sound (i.e. mouse clicks, fan noises, etc). The downside is that you must speak right into it. I work about five inches away form it and find it a bit quieter than my Blue Yeti. Sound quality is very good.
I assume you are using the USB connector. I haven't tried it on Windows 8 but I guess you need an up-to-date driver, if you can find. I had difficulty to make the USB work well on Windows 7 therefore I used the xlr connector and a pre-amp, instead of spending hours to look for and test the USB driver.
I bought this one from Amazon and it did come with a stand a USB cable a xlr cable and a little black bag
If someone could help with a solution, would be awesome.. when i plug the mic on my H4N using the XLR cable, it gives a lot of noise for me too, but when i use it with USB on my pc, it's perfect.
1 3/16 inch.
No, phantom power will not hurt the AT2005. Nothing to worry about.
I use the On-Stage Stands studio microphone shockmount. -&gt; MY420
No
No, Aquila model 7U is for Regular (High-G) tuning
The "C" string is the thicker of the two. Now go and play some tunes. Good luck
I would try the Aquila 7U set first. That is the set with a high G. If you prefer the low G, I suggest the Aquila 71U Red Series fourth string.
The strings are nylgut strings not nylon as a guitar....they are certainly lighter. I don't know if they are gauged. Due to the C tuning on my ukulele the C string is the heaviest gauge then the E then the A then the G. Pop in the a music store and check them out many ukulele's have Aquila strings on the instrument when purchased.
white
The g string is the 4th octave.
Is your ukelele a concert ukelele or a soprano or a tenor? The sopranos are the small ones (21 in), concert is medium (23 in) and tenor are the bigger ones (26 in). these strings are for the concert size. If yours is a different size, just search either soprano or tenor and you will get the right size.
Yes
Four
On the back of the envelope it list each string with a color. Each inside envelope has a "colored dot" that corresponds to the letter of the string.
Correct
26 inches
It depends on the type of ukulele you have. 'Soprano' and 'Tenor' are different types of ukuleles, depending on the size of the body and the size of the fret board. If you don't know which type you have, a tenor is approximately 26" and has more than 15 frets while a soprano is smaller and has a bout 10-15 frets and is approx 21" long. You can get away with buying tenor strings as they are longer and if they are too long i.e. you have a soprano you can just snip them shorter. hope this helps.
White.
Did you get an answer about the microphones? Thats what I need prior to ordering?
100 watt speakers I love the machine, it's awesome.
You hook up to tv and yes the chords to the microphones are included
No
I think you can eliminate the amp and just use the B115. We used the B115MP with a Korg piano and microphone in a 2000 square foot room and did not need an additional amp. In fact, we didn't even turn the volume halfway up for it. Definitely add the speaker stand so sound distributes further. Well worth the investment and very professional looking.
No , they come alone , but they are awesome speakers you wont want to put them into a protection bag ,,
shure you can, just nead a 3.5 to 1/4 mono cable male or 3.5 to 3.5 male and adaptor to 1/4 mono
The speaker takes a mic line xlr or 1/4 in input. it has 2 channels but do not run anything powered into the speaker.
Yes
No
No Bluetooth on this model. It has a built in MP3 player that works off a USB memory stick or you can plug in directly with another player.
is single, you can use one or another but not both
System is rated 100-120V 50/60 Hz. A step down transformer will be required for this system to work in India.
If you connect the input with XLR cable, you can use the output XLR to other speaker, but if you connect the 1/4" input, sometimes the XLR output not work, I don't know why. Try using all connections in XLR
I think one speaker will do it... we use it in our high school gym-- and it get loud... i dont know about the passive speaker... its great!
Not sure what is meant by "speaker bag" but if you're planning to make or buy a cover for it, just check the dimensions in the product details. I personally never use or need any type of cover... the enclosure has very good handles for lifting and carrying. And store it in a clean climate controlled space. I hope this helps.
120v.
it weighs @ 38.6 lbs,, it measures in at 12.3 x16.8 x 28.5 inches, however, the shipping weight weighs in slightly higher @ 45.4 lbs.
You shouldn'T buy this speaker. It's got a long track record of being lousy. The b250d is a waaaay better speaker for about the same price, but yah, you can input an mp3 line directly in.
It works well on any system
Not sure of the RMS, but pretty sure 1000 is the peak.
No, this is 110 volt
It is an amplified system. So yes, however you will most likely have to buy a conversion cable RCA to 1/4 TS
yep sure and it can cover a pretty big party you just need to buy this cable hosa xvm-110m right angle 3.5mm trs to xlr3m 10 ft and your all set
It's a guitar amp not power amp. It would be like using a blender to mash potatos. It can be done but it's not made for that purpose.
Yes it comes with a footswitch.
The item ships from us, Electric Guitar. The item comes packaged by the manufacturer, and then packed in a shipping box.
Amp is self biasing, works great! I've had the same tubes for almost a year now with no problems at all.
It does have output reduction
It's doable but I would look for something else and a higher range like Blackstar
No. There is just tube glow. No backlight. Looks cool, tubes are fairly bright. Backlit with some leds sounds cool though.. hmmmm
Unfortunately, we are unable to ship any of our Amazon orders outside of the United States.
My es 339 p90 pro fits great.
I would think a Les Paul case would fit it . I don't think this case would fit.
Yes
This case will fit a Casino Coupe. That is the new small body Casino. It's the same size as the Epi 339. If your gold top is the size of an Epi Dot or other 335 sized Epi, it will not fit. You'll need a bigger case.
no
I doubt it. You will need a case made for a Les Paul. The Florentine has the same body as a Les Paul.
Read the reviews on Amazon. It is made specifically for the ES -339. Mine fit perfectly. Evidently, it also works for a few other models.
I would suggest contacting Epiphone directly. Thanks
Epiphone States case was made for Es 339series. I suggest direct to Epiphone and they will have definitive answer. Do not buy on hope or whim it will fit!
It is a perfect fit for the 339 I doubt it anytime else
My 8 year old grand daughter loves this guitar I bought her. At that age any guitar is a little large. The neck (for hand reach) is on the smaller size, better for smaller hands. She plays it several times a day while singing and smiling. Strings are metal but nylon could be used if one wanted. Finger tips always need a couple weeks to "toughen-up." Her 12 year old friend who plays in a band recommended this to Fern as the guitar to get. Grandpa Charlie
Yes. Acoustic means it can be played and heard without amplification vs. solid body which needs an amplifier. My grand daughter loves the one I gave her. It does have the steel rod (and an Allen wrench) in the neck which allows it to be adjusted to how hard you strum without its open strings "buzzing" against its frets. Jasmine is a lower priced Takamine.
This is a full size guitar and not a 3/4. A dreadnought guitar is larger and has a wider squared body style at shoulder (where the neck is attached) and squared at the bottom of the guitar. A "regular/concert body" as you describe body is more rounded coming off the shoulder and also rounded at its bottom. If you look closely you will notice the difference.The dreadnought has arguably more volume with bolder tones. Some guitarists only prefer the dreadnought style of acoustic guitars which originated from the famous C. F. Martin Guitar "D" series of guitars dating back to a early 20th century pre-world-war design.
It's a thin nylon bag, nothing fancy. The one I got with mine wasn't even the right size.
No it is acoustic only.
Yes
Beverly, Thank you for contacting us! This is a full size gig bag for a dreadnought guitar. Please let us know if you have any more questions.
I have owned the G-788H for a year now as a DJ and it is diffrent from the G-733H in that the G-788H uses 4 antennas (two for each channel) one to send amd one for return. This reduces noise and is more reliable and it works great. Also the G-788H has the anntenas mount on the back side of the unit so if you rack mount you will have to take that into consideration. I think for the money these mic systems are fantastic and the vocal range and clearity have been superb.
The gain switch is inside the mic. You need to open the mic to adjust the gain. It's has three different set.
They are N type but I would not do that unless you use RG 11 (very bulky and expensive) and on a short distance. There is not enough power to run long runs and you have to run all 4 lines otherwise the system will not run properly.
You need to plug the mic system into an amp or a mixer, but the mic's are wireless.
over a year now and they are great
the Cartridge is metal and the rest plastic.I don't know about the inside
No. You will need to purchase clear cables to connect to the mixer . One for each channel
First Set all system to a single group; then set each system to a unique channel within that group.
From the research that I have done these seem to be for solo, performance, personal speaking only. I have not been able to find anything omnidirectionally in the GTD line.
China
If you are asking about adding extra mic to the same receiver then my reply you can not. This unit is only good for 2 channels.
This isn't really a receiver as understood as a component of a stereo system, it is a signal reciever for the wireless microphones which then uses a cable to send the mic signal to a real receiver. This provides enough power to provide a decent quality of signal, but to power speakers you need either powered speakers or a receiver/powered amp to provide power to your speakers. I hope this helps.
There are some problems. Now I ordered Shure Microphone at Amazon.com.
Yes, it's like a little bag inside the big bag. 5 cymbals can be separated.
No, it doesn't
no
I suppose you can always try but if you contact Behringer direct via their support they will get you the correct one. It will cost more but be right the first time.
The label contains all vital information to the product. More information may be found molded into the plastic housing on the device. I'm not sure why you'd want to find this, but give the molding a try.
Call Behringer Co. Support.
Most likely not. I ordered this power supply for my older model 1202fx and the ground pin is too thick. Wound up sending 2 of them back. I finally contacted Behringer directly and they were awesome.....They even sent me an extra one for my troubles. So order direct from Behringer. Let them know your model and year.
If you mean phantom power to operate condenser mic- yes, if you mean another phantom technology-no, they haven't mastered particle entanglement yet
No, however there are a few combinations already on it for you to choose from.
The Main Out is not amplified you have to feed it in to a AV Recieve to drive your speakers
No , it's 120
There is a right and left mains out (output jacks) and there are control room (output jacks). I run the mains from the mixer into a Tascam recording unit. I hope this helps
I run a cable from the head phone jack on the computer to an input on the mixer. Works great for me.
The power supply input only support 120VAC/60hz. You will need transformer that converts 220VAC to 120VAC and an adapter plug. Please go to an electronic store in Europe for more info. Failure to this may damage the mixer power supply. Hope it helps.
4 microphones and 8 inputs
About 25% larger of the total area of the mixer. Not much bigger, just enough to hold the adoptor and the mixer.
Definitely! Like any professional portable audio recorder you can record individual tracks in either mp3 or wav format and bring them into any audio program like pro-tools, to layer them, mix and export a finalized audio track. However, if your question is whether you can do that directly from the recorder, no not really. You would always get a better mix from a stand alone audio program like pro tools anyway. Hope this helps!
Yes.
It's very simple; simply drag and drop. When you connect via USB the VR-20 storage appears as an external drive.
I put the whole 100 square feet in my van under the stock covering, and never noticed any smell.
Yes, but has to be cover by one layer of drywall and than primed and painted. I have excellent effect of soundproof.
I'm no scientist but....... Inside, closest to whatever is generating the sound energy. http://www.acousticsblog.com/2012/mass-loaded-vinyl-and-the-correct-uses-for-it-or-how-i-learned-to-stop-worrying-and-install-things-the-right-way/
It would. Just be mindful of the thickness of te vinyl. A 1/4 or 1/2 inch would be ideal. The number one thing for noise reduction is layering. Multiple layers of different materials help in reducing noise dramatically. I hope this helps
Yes. We installed it on an existing sheetrock wall with green glue and used the acoustical joint tape for the seams. We nailed the layer of sheetrock over the MLV to minimize the tearing of the product when installing the new sheetrock. The end result was a happy client who said he couldn't hear the noise that was bothering him before we completed the job. So it was a successful application.
That would work very well, but only if you wrapped the pipe in a foam first, then wrapped the MLV around the foam, and preferably leaving no breaks in coverage. Having the MLV in direct contact with the pipe would greatly reduce the effectiveness as a sound barrier
Depends on the frequency. For example when you hear a party going on in the distance or down a few apartments, it is usually the bass that you hear since the lower frequency, longer wavelength penetrates the walls more readily than the higher frequency, shorter wavelength highs. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Noise_reduction_coefficient
I applied it to studs using drywall screws, and then covered it with the drywall. The material is very heavy and may not hold up with just an adhesive.
yes you can hang .. it is pretty durable (depends on the size of course)
I don't know how much decibels this will reduce. it is very effective against noise but think twice before you purchase it. it is expensive and very heavy. hard to install and it will be hard to put a drywall on it because of all the wrinkles.
It is manufactured by Hawk. The valves require constant maintenance oiling to prevent sticking, but it is not a big deal if you know that going in. It is definitely a low-end instrument, but you really should know that just by the price tag. The lower range is a bit rough sounding for me but frankly that could be the operator (me) or the mouthpiece, or both. With that understanding, it is a great instrument for a beginner, or someone who has a less demanding use of the instrument. For me, it works great for my use in church services.
HI, at the widest points, about 24 x 8 inches
I believe it's a baritone. From what I could find regarding the difference is a baritone often has a smaller bore and bell a d this one is on the smaller side. Also, my son plays baritone and he took this in to the band teacher to check out (he rents one from the school that stays at school, this one is for practicing at home) and she told him he could use it for performances if he wants. ( it's definitely better looking than the school baritone). Also I've taken it in to a music store to be checked over and they didn't tell me differently when I called it a baritone.
The diameter is 10 inches.
dear customer, no it is not installed here is the link on page 23 you can see how to install SDR3, and it is very easy http://www.vocopro.com/products/pdf_manuals/jamcube.pdf Thank you Ivana
yes it does but you will need the adapter to change the power plug to a Europe plug.
Yes, we connect ours through our denon sound system. We love it!!
Two mic's came with the machine but we have an older model and we ordered wireless mic's to go with our vocopro. They are a different brand but they work real well.
Yes you can.
Dear Customer, It does not have battery here is the link from manufacture: http://www.vocopro.com/products/product_info.php?ID=700 Dj tech products come with rechargeable battery IBOOSS103 IBOOST202 IBOOST303 Thank you Ivana
Yes. We hook speakers to ours. It is fairly loud without speakers.
Yes, you can use wired mics as well.. there are 4 additional mic ports.
dear customer, this unit comes with microphones if you want betters microphones, please call vocopro and ask them what will be compatible with this unit, Or you can order JAMCUBE1 and it does not comes with microphones and then just call Vocopro and ask them what microphones are compatible with this unit Thank you Ivana
dear customer, it has 36.00LBS thank you Ivana
My delivery was "threshold" only. They would get it into the house, but from there it was your responsibility. It was a large box and quite heavy. You are required to assemble it by putting the legs and back on and putting together the bench. It wasn't hard, but I had my wife help lift the piano body onto the stand once it was assembled just to be safe.
It DOES come with a bench. Dont know what the other guy is talking about
Smooth
No. You can record as you play and connect to your device through a UBS port but that's it. I have an old Casio keyboard that is preloaded with music samples but they're not the best quality. If you want to hear great piano, there are limitless CDs and downloads available to purchase on Amazon or iTunes. Youtube is an option if you want to listen to music for free. Check out Glen Gould, Bill Evans and Oscar Peterson. No need to buy an expensive digital piano just to listen.
I would pass. Kauai makes high-quality instruments; no problems with mine.
192
No, the keys don't go up and down automatically. The demos (or one of the classical pieces) are not mere audio recordings, though. During play, the stored data does actually play the instrument, though there is no physical movements. From what I've seen, to get a digital player piano, you'll have to append a zero to the price, then double it. I absolutely love the CE220, though. The action and the sound are incredible. For example, string resonance (playing a note causes other specific notes to sound quietly in "sympathy"). I'm not aware of any other digital piano in this price range with thus capability. It adds great richness and realism to the piano voices. Also, the degree of string resonance is adjustable!
80 kg
dont know, but get kawai mp 11.. it's awesome.. much better than CEE. feels much more professional and feels like an acoustic
110 normal. 240 with adapter
Heavier strings have a higher tension so they will pull on the neck harder thus raising the action. Once you put the heavier strings on, you will likely need to tighten (turn clockwise) the truss rod in the neck to counter the higher tension of the heavier strings. Look down the strings from the bridge like a gun barrel to see the slope in the neck (action).
Yes
yes - more creamy than pure white white
Yes the Fender American Standard comes with a case. That should be mentioned in the product description.
Hi Kreska, thank you for your interest. The SKB case is discontinued, they now come with a nicer hard shell Fender case. The case candy includes: Fender strap, 1/4" instrument cable, polish cloth, trem arm, manual, and registration card/warranty. Thanks.
Sorry We only ship Fender in the USA.
No
I'm afraid not. I began using a 2nd stand, which is fantastic for my nearsightedness. Unfortunately, a little impractical for most working musicians
No. The keyboard is wider than the extendable width of the clamps and it is also smaller than the narrowest width of the unit as well.
yes!
It works with a straight mic stand but assuming you have a weighty boom it should work on there. Also, it is not spring loaded but still clips onto my 10" tablet fine.
probably not.
Yes, you can swivel this 360 degrees to any position
I would imagine so. The mechanism is spring loaded and can expand. Also it comes with different sized feet. The iPad is held in place by the tension created when you put your iPad in it.
It only clamp on the width and the swirl allows rotation to view landscape mode. This unit comes with 4 large and 4 small detachable clamps and you can adjust to your width and it also extends 2 more inches. I only used 2 large and 2 small to fit my tablet. I did try for your sake to use all large, unfortunately the furthest it extends to 9"
This device is NOT tablet specific...it has the ability to "flex" to fix ANY 10" tablet (like my iPad 2), simply by swapping out the "feet" provided. I can tell you it DOES firmly hold my iPad 2.
The A6 kit comes with 2 pairs of RCA-to-RCA cables.. Any pair of RCA will suffice though.
No, any mixer will work.
Yes
Native Intrumentes A 6/ A 10 dont need multicore cables anymore. Just regular rca cables. Good luck!
You can only have 2 decks total connected at once. Because there are only two ins and two outs for decks. (Main in and out on the front is not for decks) For what you are describing you want the Audio 10.
Yes. One installation disc and two control vinyls.
This came with vynils and CDs, every thing are ok. Thanks,
Yes, it comes with traktor 2(including license key); and in case you don't have cd reader, You can download the software from native-instruments.com
The Timecode is a regular CD file, so it should be able to play. The package does include a USB and 4 RCA cables.
Vinyls are included.
Works on windows 8. I don't see why it shouldn't.pro tools 8, 10 fruity loops
Yes it dose work!!!
I tried it with W8 64 and I couldn't get it to work
I've only used this item with windows xp, but the directions state that the item works with xp, vista and windows 7... it works like a champ with xp, so I have no reason to think it wouldn't work well with windows 7. Hope that helps.
5 pins
Yes, it is. The included shock mount is removable allowing you to add your own.
Very good for my home studio. It is not the quality of the radio station equipment. I have used this for over 6 months and I am very satisfied. If you are a really particular person go for the real professional stuff.
It might, but it isn't worth the money. I would just stay as far away from this product as possible. This boom arm breaks very easily and the shock mount threads come stripped.
Use the microphone Audio-Technica AT2020 USB, everything is fine. Blue Yeti will work as well.
Each arm measures 9.8 inches, you can extended up to 13.8 inches.
Yes, but you could also use the shickmount included with thr boom. Its a little tight fit for the mic but its ok to use.
Hi, so sorry that it does't fit.
Yes it will work with your mic.
While I don't own an Electro-Voice BP300, I believe it will work. If not, I suspect swapping & re-soldering Pin 2 & Pin 3 may be the only difference between the Shure & Electro-Voice systems which share use of the Ta4f connectors. (Electro-Voice Headset says the Mic./Input/Audio is: Pin2 & Pin3 is +5 bias, Shure PGXD: +5V bias is Pin2 & Pin3 is Audio. I'd recommend trying it, or you could verify before buying that they will let you return it should it not be compatible.
As long as you purchase this shure compatible mic it should work. These are incredibly inexpensive, but I've been surprised by their performance.
Yes
You need to plug in this microphone into a transmitter - my wireless transmitter is a Shure wireless transmitter.
The boom and the wire are one piece; The headgear that goes around the ear is one piece; They attach by clips to hold the wire and boom! Also the sound quality is very good!
Yes it is removable. Sound rejection is what you would expect from a cheap mic. The thing has been good for our needs. Use it every week.
I don't think thats possible since the current plug is integral to the headset
Yes. I believe you can adjust it however you'd like.
Absolutely......I f ind that this headset is even more sensitiev than the one that comes with the Shure. BTW the boom can be moved to either side, which I found out by accident. THe ear pieces taek a bit of adjsuting as one size does not automatically fit all. However, I do find it more comfortable than the shure. BTW I own 2 PG14/PG30 Systems. The ProHeadset responds more lie a condensor mic so you should not have to turn the mic preamp up much and if you are a 'big sound maker' start with the input at minimum and turn it up slowly. Hope this helps....Adriaan
3 years
Yes, this headset is adjustable that way. The entire length of the flexible boom slides through the clips that hold it on either side of the headset..
Yes
No. The connector/plug for this headset is specifically designed for PA system wireless tranceivers.
Dear, This model is not detachable. The JK MIC-J 071S is detachable and can buy the cable sepeartely. The item cannot be shipped internationally by Amazon currently. Where do you located?
I haven't used an H1, but it has a jack for external mic'ing so the preamps probably work. I would look for a manual to make sure you can turn off the built in stereo mics.
This will only work with the Sennheiser unit!
This mic is used in combination with a wireless transceiver pack (not included). I have three of these headsets. We've been using them at our church for the past 6 months or so instead of Lapel mics with our Sennheiser ew100 wireless systems. I'm not sure about the warranty, but I'm sure it's just a 1 year manufacturer's warranty. Regardless, it's fairly inexpensive to replace if it were to break.
The body pack uses a standard 3.5mm jack. So this headset should fit fine as long as you buy the one that is for Sennheiser. They also make a couple of headsets for Shure and another brand, those will not fit the Senns. To add to the note, I have one of these on a Pastor who fiddled constantly the with standard over-one-ear mic. I was going to put him on a stationary mic out of desperation, until I found this.. This one fits him fine and the sound quality is fine. I don't recommend it for singing however, but for speech it works.
metal, but you'll want to change them. There not the best quality.
I bought this for my six year old niece and she isn't exactly gentle and nothing has broke and it comes with extra string and tuners its a awesome deal. Defentily recommend it to everyone
We couldn't. My daughter didn't want to use it
Kids.... It's called a 3/4 guitar
I own both (in fact I have Two LP 1240's and one LP 120) Get the LP1240. It's a much better record player. It's Heavier thus less feedback at loud volumes. It has standard RCA outputs rather then a fixed RCA cord which you can't easily replace if broken. It's more expensive but we'll worth it. Both are solid though. Hope that helps. Lars
No.
Yes, it does, not a cartridge but, a headshell.
I bought 2 different cartridges so far. the first was an http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001GVJ9XG/ref=oh_details_o08_s00_i00?ie=UTF8&psc=1 it was fairly good general cartridge. the second is http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00006I5SB/ref=oh_details_o04_s00_i01?ie=UTF8&psc=1 wow It has gone down in price. The second one seems better for jazz, and sense I listen to more jazz than any other on vinyl I have been using the second one more often. I bought multiple head shells so I could have multiple cartridges and switch them easier. This was the head shell I purchased do go with the Ortofon Omega cartridge. The ortolan seems to have more highs that the shire m97. but the Shure cartridge makes Steely Dan sound so good. the sax has this warmth and punch which cd and mp3 just can't give you. I am totally happy with the Audio Technica turntable paired with the Shure cartridge. at least for my music tastes.
It's an excellent turntable and I would highly recommend it but it does not have a provision for 220v. Very satisfied customer!
The cover is only to cover it while not in use. It does not have hinges like a Technics 1200.
Yes, it has a ground post right next to the RCA output jacks, and the supplied RCA cable has both the right and left channel RCA connectors and a ground wire.
You can have the music output through your computer speakers while recording. The instructions that come with the turntable explain what you need to do as far as computer and program settings to do that.
Considering that the Technics costs 4 to 5 times the Audio Technica, one would hope that might be reflected in the attention to detail in design and manufacturer, and possibly longevity. Certainly both TTs are quite rugged and heavy. The Technics has no electronics. Just two 36" cables, hard-wired to the turntable and terminating in RCA type plugs, so it's straight out from the cartridge. If you are going to an ampifier that has no phono pre-amp you are going to have to buy an external one. The Audio Technica has a built in phono pre-amp which can be switched off when using audio equipment that does have a phone input. (Generally the pre-amps in audio amps are better than those you find built in to most turntables.) Instead of a hard wired output cable, the A.T. has RCA plugs so that you can attach any length cable you want. It also has a USB connector/output - the Technics doesn't.
I would say the Ortofon 2M Black. I put the 2M Bronze on mine though and really thought it made a big difference.
&#9679;DIY (Do It Yourself) keys for static colors: On the control panel, there are 3 groups of "Increase" and "Decrease" arrows for Red, Green, Blue colors, and 6 DIY color storing keys from DIY1 to DIY6. The 6 DIY keys are preset with standard mixed white color, end users can manual control its color of Red, Green, Blue, and store the desired color effect. Operation steps: First of all, choose the DIY key, for example "DIY2", that needs to be changed. Press the key DIY2 to get its mixed lights on, adjust the brightness of its color Red, Green, B lue by pressing the relative arrows of "Up" and "Down" until the desired new mixed colors or single color are realized. Then press the key DIY2 again, the selected new light effect is stored there. The factory preset is bright white, or all three sets of arrow keys all the way up. So, with your light on, aim the remote at the infrared node, and hit the red button, to ensure your remote is working. Then hit the DIY1 button and it should turn white, now use the down arrows to start changing the color, you probably have to hit them 10 times before you see a significant difference. Then you will see the new hues coming out. You can make your own custom hue by hitting the arrows until you like it. Then just press the DIY button once again. Now you have a new stored color. But if you accidentally hit the DIY2 instead of DIY1 when setting DIY1, it will reset to just white again. Hope this helps.
It's 36 watts per 16.4ft strip so 36Watts/12Volts = 3amps and the controller is rated for 6 so you can run 2 strips off of one controller.
The four pin brass end can be removed with a pair of pliers leaving you with a female connection. It comes with the male male adapter in place.
YouTube probably
Basic ceramic with a metallic glaze, I'm pretty sure.
its small, but almost too big to wear around the neck. it's 4 inches from the mouth piece (bottom left) to the tip (top right).
It comes with it
Guiherme, Thanks for your message. This product is filled through Amazon's warehouse, so I cannot speak to their international shipping rules. Any of the products we ship directly can be shipped internationally.
I'm using it with a 184 and it works perfect. The 185 is the same mic just different polar pattern. It will work fine.
I use it with shure pg30 TQG
As long as you PA system has phantom power, it should work like a dream. I haven't used the Pyle PMEMS10 but it appears to have a normal xlr for a wireless beltclip.
yes
with the same function
It didn't work for my needs. It was miswired. I would spend the extra $50.00 and get the SHURE product.
It will. I am using one
No it does not. Just comes in a box. If you are looking for a bag, you would have to purchase one separately.
My husband has been playing it and been pleased with it. Seems solid and well made.
Yes
According to the Cordoba website, nut width is 48mm, string spacing at saddle 55mm, and neck width is not listed. I own an older model of this guitar (2007?) and the neck is probably large U shaped in comparison to other smaller size guitars that I tried out like the baby Taylor; but far more comfortable to me, which is one of the reasons I purchased this guitar.
We have bought two; one for each of our boys. The first one we understood that a gig bag came with it, but did not. Amazon offered us a credit and we bought one. The second one we bought they had changed the description stating that the gig bag did not come with it, but it was still pictured. Therefore, I don't think so, but read the description closely; don't rely on the advertisement picture.
It looks like it would probably be glue - maybe some internal screws or staples. It looks good with the finish.
Yes and No. It comes with one built in. It's not visible unless you remove the casing but don't do that. Lol. I recommend buying the Blue "Pop" Filter. It's $25 on amazon and super nice. Now when I record mostly I don't need to use the popper but sometimes I do and it's nice to have it there. It depends how intense u sing. I personally don't feel it's good enough by itself for professional uses even tho most of the time I don't use it I don't need it. So it's good but if u want great pop protection then buy the Pop filter.
It is supposed to "bobble" a bit... That's the whole point of the shockmount. The more stiffly the mic is held, the more noise is transmitted to it as a result of physical motion (such as moving items on the table where the mic is sitting, or walking near the mic, etc.). The flexibility of the mount allows these vibrations to dissipate. It IS possible for the elastic to be too loose (especially with age)... But as a general rule, the flexibility in the system is good.
I'm so sorry, but I don't speak english (My english is very poor) . I'll try : The device has 3 parts : -1 : The Mic ; -2 : the aluminum base , and -3 : the cable to connect to iPhone, iPad (30 pins) , and USB. The mic must be attach to the base by rotation (like a screw), you must insert the mic into the center ring an rotate until it is firmly . The base must be on a flat surface because it is (the base) flat and rigid. Excuse me if my answer is doesn't clear , but I speak spanish an my english is very elementary
I always use audacity for the PC. It's the best and free. I've found garage band to be best on the iPad but I think it costs like 5 bucks. Hoped this helped!
No. Currently, it comes with the older connector.
Same situation here. There appears to be a gap in the market. Surely I don't have to buy a new mic.
It shouldn't require any drivers it is self installing when you plug it into a USB port or iPads port.
Yes. The Blue Spark Digital mic comes with an adapter for apple products.
I don"t know, but the company that makes the mic, Sweetwater.com will be able to answer your question.
I love this microphone for my cello. it is warm and i get great bass. I will say this mic works great with an ipad. not so god with computer. the sound is noticeably different. i think it has something to do with the different connectors.
No, its a clip-on battery cover.. Doesnt hold on very well. I have it on a velcro pedal board with a power supply but the bit of velcro i put on the battery cover will stay on my board with the cover when i move my the joyos around.
I play an Epiphone LP Custom and also Gretsch Electromatic through a Peavey Delta Blues 115, and this pedal will easily sustain a note for 10 seconds or more. Combine it with a Joyo Sweet Baby, and you can sustain endlessly.
MXR Super Comp. I have both and they are pretty much the same
NO WAY! THIS IS FOR GUITAR OR BASS ONLY!
I can't say for certain since I don't play bass. But I would see why it would work. With the attack control you won't lose you how you play each note. If you want more of am explanation there is a youtube channel @eytschPi42 that did a review of this pedal.
I don't think it came with anything. It takes a 9v battery, but has an input for a power adapter. I recommend it. It evens out the notes and provides some boost with the level control.
Standard Boss-sized pedal. 2.5 inches inches wide, 4.5 inches long, 1.5 inches high not including knobs.
Does not have back lighting.
Yes, after you first hook it to you computer via USB you can configure it as a MIDI controller.
It does.
Mine came with an adapter. It doesn't come with a printer cable to connect to a computer if you want to do that.
Yes.
The one that I bought didn't come with a pedal.
It uses a transformer that is 100-240V (provided), so you will only need the proper plug converter.
It's pretty large. It's doable but it maybe a little awkward to carry. It's just under 4ft long and weighs about 12 lbs.
It has 150 different rhythms and I think at least a dozen different waltz types. This keyboard is loaded with varieties in rhythm, sample songs, tones (instruments), etc...
On the grand piano setting and good headphones, the sound is very much like a piano. If you use the built in speakers, not so much. Run the output through a Bose Wave II system and its really solid. I have not yet listened carefully to the other voices.
It will do an octave up, however you can't use the octave with out the fuzz on.
Hello. I'd spend the extra cash on the muff or fuzz face. The joyo is good for that wall of sound fuzz.....like the My Bloody Valentine sound. I think if you want creamy sustain Gilmour sound go with the fuzz face or muff.
Honestly nothing sounds like it used to, but the sounds is as close as you can get. Like this pedal because it's made sturdy and does what it says. Try it.
I don't see why it wouldn't handle bass, though I've never tried it with bass. But with the octave effect being so subtle with guitar, I don't think it will have much effect on bass. It is a pretty cool, raunchy fuzz sound. Well worth the price. At least for use with guitar.
I wouldn't know, bought this for my son, all I know is he loves it and he is in Music Production School.
No, this is a single-octave (only raises one octave above what you play) fuzz pedal.
No, plus the octave function is NOT really an octave function. It just brightens the high-end a bit, makes it a bit sharper, brighter. It absolutely, positively does NOT add an octave like a real harmonizer does. And I loaned it out for a night to another guitarist, thinking maybe it was just me. Nope. Same conclusion. Try one out before you buy this, I think you're going to be very disappointed. It's more of a hyper-treble control, not an octave box.
36"
Yes
Honestly it can but this setup just doesn't sound very good, I'd deff get another brand
It does not, but what are you looking to do?
No, I'm sorry. What you would receive is the Guitar, Stand and Carry-Bag as well as my heartfelt thanks for the purchase.
It comes with the adapter to give you both options.
No. These phones are corded with a highly durable coiled cable.
Don't know but these are over ear.
These are the plastic ones get ones that are metal
Yes, I will update with photos soon. The mixer is flawless and tested. I added a brand new traktor software package with it, with new timecode discs.
Yes Mine came with TRAKTOR SCRATCH DUO 2 Software CONTROL CD x2 CONTROL VINYL x2 Driver Software CD-ROM
THIS MIXER HAS 2 CHANNELS.
The erhu comes pre-stringed and includes an additional set of strings. So you get two full sets of strings. It is quite nice, comes with a tuner and various pads to suit your taste in sound
Hi, this one has white horsehair. The bow quality is descent.
Hi, It's a professional level instrument Dunhuang model#4A. You can check the manufacturer's website for detail description. It's not listed as beginner's model as some comment said. The commentator didn't buy it from us. It's possible that he bought a wrong one or fake one. Delivery to NC is 5 business days.
We only carry Dunhuang erhu that uses human-raised snake skin. All erhu are properly imported into USA with CITES certificate. We ship out from California. We do not ship out from China.
I think its 5_foot. It should be long enough to do what you want to do with it.
The AT-2020 arrives in its own cardboard and foam box (standard manufacturer packaging). This contains the microphone in cut-out foam along with a zippered case containing stand-mounting hardware. The cable and pop shield are packaged separately.
I purchased this for my son so he could use at his desktop while gaming. He uses headphones also. He really loves this mic And says it works great.
Mine ended up getting broken but if it was definitely between 5-7 feet
The AT2020, mic holder and zippered case is in the factory box. The cable and pop filter are separate items that we bundle with it.
No didn't I had to order Mic stand separately
Yes
Not this one. This is the original AT2020 that has an XLR connection. Here is the USB version: http://www.amazon.com/Audio-Technica-AT2020USB-Cardioid-Condenser-Microphone/dp/B001AS6OYC By far the best microphone you can buy for this price range!
No, it doesn't have a switch. If it's plugged in, it's on.
Yes, it does, but not a shock mount
That is just the pole. You would have to attach your own mic. Not a bad boompole for the money though. A little bend fully extended but for under $40 you're doing alright with this.
Hi! Thank you for your interest in our products. Unfortunately this boom pole will not work with your Rode NTG3. This boom pole has a standard 5/8"-27 threads with solid brass male end and your Rode came with Auray a DUSM-1 Universal Shock mount which has a 3/8"-16 Thread Base. Sorry.
Mic not included and I use a Rhode ntg2
This is just the boom pole, not the microphone. You can mount virtually any microphone you'd like to it.
Put your fingers at the top or bottom of the grips and slide them up or down DO NOT wrap fingers or squeeze the grips. If you do this they will not slide Hope this helps Roger
Yes but I wouldn't recommend this boom pole. Get one that has the xlr input built into the pole
Shotgun
Beware that this product includes only the boom pole and not the microphone.. -Therefore you also need to buy a microphone like the Rode. If the question is if this is a good product, I recomend it 100% is light and good quality and unexpensive compared to similar products. I purchased the adapter http://www.amazon.com/CM01-Camera-Digital-Recorder-Adapter/dp/B001GWCC4I/ref=sr_1_6?s=musical-instruments&ie=UTF8&qid=1389041138&sr=1-6&keywords=3%2F8+mount for all uses...
The outside is a true medium brown, no red to it. Nice vintage look. The interior on mine is black, the usual plush, very well-padded. The interior dimensions have a little "give" to them on account of the padding, but here they are: lower bout = 16", waist = 12", upper bout = 13", headstock area = 6". From the lower end of the case to the neck cradle (body length) = 23". The depth is 5", counting the little extra space the domed top provides. I use mine to keep a vintage Regal Milord guitar in, which is 5" deep at the endpin, and it fits just fine. Case is very well made, hinges are high quality, I'm very happy with mine. One note - I don't believe the hygrometer works.
The one I recieved did not. And it was not colored like the one in the photo it was darker inside looked nice the outside poor workmanship. Sent mine back.
Yes it will and this is a beauitful case we use it for our Martin D28
All over
No I ordered it for one and had to send it back fyi
Inside, a standard acoustic guitar fits this case (bass acoustic guitar will NOT FIT) no name was on mine (was happy about that don't know why they show that pic.)
I'm not sure if it would fit a Gibson Songwriter Guitar as mine is a Blueridge guitar. I would take the chance that it will fit as this is an exceptional case. It looks good and it is sturdy. It is not fleamsy. I travel with mine and I do not have to worry about my beloved Blueridge that it inside.
Purchased this for my husbands bass. It runs small. Was supposed to fit his model. I'm unsure of what it is, it's I storage now. I do know his bass is an average size and common shape.
the -5D stands for 5 inches deep.
Hi Cornelius, I have to apologize-- I already dropped the bag off to be shipped back to the company. What I can tell you is that the bag was about two-three inches deep (probably closer to two), around forty to forty-two inches long (again, closer to forty), and maybe fourteen to sixteen inches across. It would not zip over my guitar, but my guitar is bigger than all those dimensions. Hope this helps, and I'm sorry I can't give exact measurements. Sarah
Yes it does
It fits my Fender acoustic that's about 41-12" overall.
It's the same that it says on the site. But, its really thin. Isn't good enough to protect your guitar. Try to buy a better case.
my Hohner Chorus dreadnaught guitar is 41" in length and at the widest part across the body is 16" and depth is 5" and my guitar fits in the case very well and it even has room for a little movement I hope this helps you! if you have any more questions feel free to ask.
It should fit any Standard Acoustic Steel String Guitar and Classical Nylon Guitar. Quite loose and roomy but be careful because it's NOT a gig or hard case and there is NO Protection for Travel Purposes. Great for display and keep your guitar dust free inside the house. Goodluck.
Hi, I love this bag purely for its looks, and not for its practicality. It has two straps and one carrying handle. The bag is only suitable for a small guitar, and I ended up buying a parlour guitar solely so that I could use the bag as my regular guitar was to big by far. It doesn't provide much protection, and is more a dust cover that a gig bag. Having said that, it was what I was looking for in that it is entirely different from the usual, and I love it for what it is. However, there is no doubt that it has limited use, I wouldn't trust it for going in the overhead locker when flying etc.. It's a shame that it wasn't an altogether bigger and sturdier bag and if I found one that was, I would buy that instead, as I never really feel safe taking my guitar out. Hope this helps.
I went ahead and ordered the bag said it would get here after Dec 25th, hope this helps :)
I have just used it on a large stage and it was fine. Though I wish, the battery lasted longer (fully charged). Only lasted 1 1/2 hrs.
The JOYO Manual which is only one half a page does not indicate any warranty period..... So I went to www.joyoaudio.com and they did not indicate any warranty period..... but there is a place to ask them questions.....
Sure this item worjs magnificent, wish I heard of this item early ,easy to work, hold charge good also
Yes
Yes, I fact it works pretty good. You just have to secure the input receiver with Velcro tape, it is real floppy with it.
Yes and no. The guitar connection is a single channel but the headphone connection is stereo. You can get one channel in one ear of your headphones. It depends on whether your headphone jack in the amp uses the same ground connection as the wireless guitar jack. If it does, you will get that single channel. If not you, you won't get any sound at all.
The unit comes with a quick setup guide in the box which is very straight forward on how to pair the devices. Once they are pair they remain paired, so there is no need to re-pair the receiver and transmitter each and every time prior to use.
It responds we'll as long as you're extra careful with it. I mean it's fragile...
Works on mine.
Yes... Gets static around WiFi
I have no success setting up this device in osx. There are no specific drivers and, although the system has some vague idea thet the device is there, it will not let you set it up.
You need an iPad camera adapter--it just has a female USB jack that you can plug into the keyboard.
Yes it is, but it seems pretty sturdy
No, there is not a good, smart or inexpensive way to convert USB "output" to MIDI. You should find a product that comes with a conventional MIDI out port such as Alesis Q49.
No. You must be attached to an amp or computer to hear it.
Yes. It is a standard MIDI keyboard. I use it with Finale and Garage Band.
The keys are very small on this keyboard, just large enough for entering MIDI data into a music notation program. The range is also very small unless you press the octav up/down button. In both instances it would greatly hinder your ability to learn and practice how to actually play a keyboard instrument. Casio keyboards typically are typically cheapest... you could also find a good deal on a used Yamaha or Roland. Look for something with at least 61 life-size keys. Best of luck!
this is a midi controller, you have to plug it into a computer and run the software to get it to make sound.
It comes with a standard USB cable with the flat connector on one side (goes into your pc/laptop) and the square connector that plugs into the microKey
I use it on my laptop and it works fine. I don't have a USB port on my tablet....sorry.
smaller than standard keyboard size: white keys-- 3/4 inch wide by 3 and 1/8 inches tall; black keys-- 5/16 inch wide by 1 and 3/4 inch tall
No, there is no input for a sustain pedal, unfortunately. Overall, I like the keyboard - very nice feel for something so small. Much better than the m-audio version.
22.2 inches in length. 2 pounds weight. Can be carried in a medium to large sized luggae
Yes
Yes it does. It works with every single music production software. You'll be fine!
USB
I didn't get that far...I guess when I ordered it I didn't get the fact that "microkey" means miniature keys, which are pretty useless for practicing scales, etc.
It depends on what software you use it with. It's a MIDI controller only, so it produces no sound on its own. It connects to a computer or tablet, and then any software that supports MIDI input should work with it.
Not sure exactly the version, vut it worjs with my 2.0 and 3.0 ports. As for the two A type ports on the side for expansion, they seem to charge my cell phone just fine so I an guessing at least 2.0. Hope this helps. FYI, the unit is powered by a B type connection.
It's 2.0
The sE2200a II C is currently available, yes.
It does not, just the mic and shock mount.
Yes it's a great mic. I used it with the Scarlett 18i20. Also with a mackie mixer to outboard beheringer compressor.
No, this is a cardioid pattern only microphone. The item description is incorrect, it is not a multi-pattern microphone.
Yes
Hey! Ive really never used the sE X1, but I must say that the sE 2200 a II it's really good, and it has gotten great reviews! So I went for that one!
I am sorry no
It's just a cardioid
Yes, this amp has the ability to push 4 ohm speakers.
We purchased this amp for use at church, it powers the main speakers, the controls come from the Mixer Board, which has a MP3, iPod, Tape, CD, DVD, and Computer to play the audio with a great sound.
Hi, yes that is correct. This is a 2 channel amp, so if you were to use a stereo output split to 2 unbalanced TS quarter inch connectors you could connect those to these inputs. Then run speaker cables to your main speakers as left and right.
the amp will not go to 2 ohms see if you can change the wiring to series... ithink that you should try it out with just 2 cabs.. you would be running 1000 watts to each cab... that's pretty good umph... just a thought... good luck
I think that the inputs are input only..... and I also believe that the outputs are all powered outs... been awhile since I had that amp... good luck to you... you need to split the input signal at source say the mixer board or such...
i never tried it. I used to do that all the time on my Mackie 808 head... try it and see if it runs ok.. watch the temp .. make sure fan is running good... I cant see why it wouldn't work.. you can always try getting a hold of the company and talk to a tech....... yea right.... good luck to ya
The specs show 500 watts end 8-ohms.I would say it's pretty close.I run mine at about 70% & it's pretty crisp quality sound.Great amp for the $.
No bridged mono utilizes both amp channels
Yes, I'm pushing 2 Beringer 300 watt speakers and it kicks ass
depends on your impedence...if I remember right.. bridge is mono.. 1200 watts or what ever it is 2 8 ohm speakers gives you 4 ohms...2 16 ohms gives you 8 ohms..bridge is mono only you will be running full power into your speakers... doesn't matter if it is speakon or wired... should be a switch to set to bridge mode...once you flip to bridge mode your in mono.... shouldn't matter on wiring... I don't remember back of amp good luck to you
The picture is of less quality on amazon.. Sweetwater has a more accurate picture.. On my guitar the dark part around the edge is actually a lot more dark honey in color. and not so much red as in the sweetwater picture. This doesn't mean that the color doesn't vary a bit between guitars.... Mine is beautiful and I get many compliments.. I bought on Amazon.
It will not ship inside the hard case, if that's what you mean. The guitar was well-packed when Amazon shipped it and it arrived in perfect shape. I also have the case, and it's well worth it. Very snug fit.
No, this guitar does not come with a case or gig bag.They are sold separately. Thanks Landon.
Hello, I am sorry we do not offer international shipping.
I'm sorry but we only ship Gibson products within the United States.
Nooo..I emailef epiphone and asked if its supposed to come with one, the guy said they stopped shipping the guitar with guitar cables If I wouldve known I wouldn't have bought it But the guitar is beautiful ! Sound and looks.
No, just a single speaker but it is good and loud. Perfect for garage, parties, etc. I think there is only one woofer and one tweater. Definitely not in stereo but I was surprised by the sound...
Get the NADY DKW-Duo wireless mics. Comes with two wireless mics, and you have no cords to deal with. I have them and they work great.
Most DEFINITELY! Plus a CD player as well. Just get yourself a 3.5mm cable and plug one end into your laptop earphone port and the other end in your Block Rocker Aux Input. Enjoy!
If you are referring to the USB port which allows you to charge your phone oanything that needs charging (that is USB capatibal. Yes, it does. It also comes with a microphone and a microphone port...
It goes up to 11.
Not that I know of. That would make it even better. I love this thing. The battery lasts for more than a day. Nice sound. Bluetooth works well with Iphone.
It would absolutely be perfect for that. The sound quality is great and the bass is real punchy, which is what you want for people to "feel" the beat. (Coming from a DJ)
Technical Specifications [-] Output Wattage: (Peak) 22 Watts Output Wattage: (RMS) 15 Watts Frequency Response: 70 Hz~ 20 kHz +/- 3 dB Woofer: 8.0" Woofer rated at 50 Watts, 4 Ohms Tweeter: 1.0" Silk Dome Tweeter rated at 20 Watts, 4 Ohms Battery Type: Lead-acid rechargeable, 12V DC, 5A Input Voltage*: US: AC 100-120V / 60 Hz EU/UK: AC 220-240V / 50 Hz
its 8 inch whit twitters,,sound good :-]
I looked everywhere and do not see a model number as such. Did find 36CG and E237804 followed by the words Made in China.
It tightly fits any A style. I have a Hondo A style and it fits like a glove. Will not fit an F style though.
It is a tight fight for my cheap rogue mandolin, I dont know how well it would fit the fender electric one.
This case didn't fit my Indiana mandolin and was returned to Amazon.
My Rover A-Model fits in it , but rather snugly. The case is very bendy, so it has some wiggle room. Hope this helps.
Soft!
It can fit both A and F style mandolins.
I think zoom is pretty much bang for buck. Never had any issues. My zoom 505II still works!
You can record directly to a PC using the G5. You may have to do some research online to see how others have done it.
If you're talking about just the speakers alone, yes you can provided they're powered speakers. But depending on the speakers you really aren't going to get the tone that you'd get through an amp. I'd suggest a pair of Roland MA-12 powered speakers. They have enough power to be loud, separate tone controls and quarter inch inputs so you wouldn't need any kind of adaptors but anything along that line would be better than pc speakers. Hope this helps.
Yes, the amp sims are just another of the 140 effects. I find that the G5 sounds so good without amps sims, even when run direct, that I rarely even use them. You will love this thing. Really sounds good, and built like a tank. Software works nice too. Saves time bent over tweaking knobs.
I use a Orange micro terror in a micro stack. The Micro Terror is a 20 w hybrid (head solid-state and tube driven) and 2 Orange PPC108 speakers. It it gets plenty loud for me. I play in a lot of coffee houses and smaller venues. The whole thing cost (when I purchased it) $350. The head was $150 and each speaker was $99. It really just depends on what and where you want to play line6 spider is good my brother-in-law has one and he is a metal guitarist and he uses it more than his Marshal 1/2 stack. How much are you willing to spend.
I tested both at guitar center before and I found the Zoom to have a ton more options I thought. BOSS makes awesome pedals so some of the heavier distortion is a little better on the ME80 but with all the combinations and effects chains you can create, it is well worth it to go to Zoom in my opinion.
Although I have a bass, I have never tried it through the G5...but I was thnking about it just last week. It is possible to get bass like sounds out of a guitar, but its not ideal. I was considering using a real bass to just layer in something with the looper function then switch back to 6 string for overdubs. I see no reason why the effects, EQs, compressors etc wouldn't work fine. I doubt you'd get much mileage out of the amp models and distortion stomps though - or the tube booster circuit. I guess it could be quite creative (with the z-pedal!), or it could be a reasonable tool for tailoring a sound...can't vouch for it just yet though I'm afraid.
Unfortunately, we are unable to ship any of our Amazon orders outside of the United States.
Unfortunately, we are unable to ship any of our Amazon orders outside of the United States.
I'm going to say approximately 24 x 8 x 12. It's a pretty standard size.
There is an exterior pocket. However, I think it is slightly too small to fit music books.
Not at all.
No. Trumpet and cornet are of different size.
Mexico
It's pretty much wood dust particles that are pressurized and pressed into shape, then covered with a koa patterned veneer to make it look like a solid piece of koa. It makes it more affordable and scratch an dent resistant. Since the top of the guitar is one of the more crucial pieces that affects the tone of the instrument, Martin uses real Sitka spruce so it still sounds great.
I went to my local music store and bought a nice hard case for 69.00....
I know what are you talking about but no, the action is low and not come with case
no
USA shipping only
It is designed to be an electric/acoustic. Too much bass response will create feedback on the amp. This is a beautiful sounding guitar. It's not lacking bass, it's just not as heavy as a standard acoustic.
It probably depends on where you order it from. I ordered from 8th Street Music and it came very nicely and securely packaged in cardboard and plastic, but the tape the box was sealed with said Martin all over it. There might be an option on the order page somewhere you can specify shipping instructions. Or even gift wrap. Excellent gift idea, though. I'm sure someone will be very happy.
No, it doesn't.
The Koa pattern is really nice. Whether or not it is better than mahogany is a matter of personal preference. The guitar is made in Mexico but is well made with a low action. This guitar is ready made for personal touches. Here is what I have done to mine. 1) replaced the Tusq saddle with a compensated bone saddle which when combined with the HPL creates super clear note definition that rings clearly with wonderful sustain. 2) Oiled and stained the Sitka Spruce top to match the Koa - This has given it a stunning appearance that everyone that sees it likes. 3) replaced the plastic pins for bone pins - which contributes to the bell-like sound quality. 4) replaced the metal strap buttons for ones made of bone to match the pins. 5) rounded the head stock for a more classic Martin appearance, 6) replaced the sound hole label for a custom one that I like better 7) replaced the strings with D'ddarrio .012 lights which contribute to the outstanding tone 8) waxed the HPL with Johnson carnuba wax, buffed it and then treated it with Armor All for a super nice luster - better than the matte finish it comes with. 9) stained and oiled the neck with a darker stain 10) maintain a light coat of Pledge with orange oil on the top. All of this combines for a beautiful sounding and looking guitar. I have played mine 2-4 hours a day since I got it and have performed several times with it. It stands up well with other Martins and Taylors - maybe better. The electronics are excellent.
Sorry I'm not sure as I have not put mine up yet But you can read some of the comments at the end of the discriptions there may some answers to questions you have.
I would say no. I don't think they would hold up between the heat from the headlights and weather. They'd work if you were doing something inside your car...
Unfortunately these lights are hit or miss. We have 10 strips in our business and we've had issues with two of the power sources going out. The other 8 have been going strong for over a year now running approximately 16 hours a day 5 days a week. We ended up buying an aftermarket power source and have yet to experience any further issues.
I just checked, since I had unplugged the lights after Halloween where I had selected orange (red and green lights are lit and it looks kind of orangey from a distance). When I plugged it in, it was still orange as I had selected last time. I hope this helps.
The answer is yes. You need to purchase a connector to continue the chain or another type to "V" off the strip. Each company sells accessories to do these additions.
You can either order male ends online and wire then in or just cut both female connectors off and wire them together. I've done it both ways
Yes, it can be cut from what I have read. Between the emitters. (When you look at the ribbon, you'll see that it's essentially a series of 4 color emitter squares evenly spaced. From what I have read, you simply cut it between these.) I chose not to cut mine, even though it was a tad too long. I simply made a U on each end and have slightly brighter lights on the ends.
there are 300 lights
Nope. If you figure it out please let me know.
I just experimented with pushing the various buttons on the remote. I am not sure if it is possible to automatically set it to move through all the settings on its own.
I'm not sure how long it will take to get to Greece since I personally do not ship out of the USA. The Traktor X1 I sell is "Used - Like New." Now they do sell a newer version of the X1. You can also look that up if you want. I hope this information was helpful.
Steven im from venezuela my english is not good Sorry. The traktor kontrol x1 comes The traktor LE. This is Dj software included
Mateo, yes it does. You'll receive a download code with it.
it only controls the effects and play/loop functions of the Traktor software. It does not have a soundcard or a sound component. I don't know about windows 8. hope that helps
Hello Tracy, Shipping transit time depends on from which seller you make your purchase and where you are located.
The list of songs are on the MicroKY website.
From every account I read, it said it was, as I thought it was too. But when I received this, it did have a cord and I went back and read again that it was cordless!!! I really think they ripped me off!!!! Be careful!!!!! Would hate for anyone else to get ripped off!!!
No. It doesn't come with a duet mic. Must purchase separately.
Magic sing chips not compatible with microsystems mics.
Yes, the "Song Book" has a list of all the songs....and the portable karaoke (Solostar) comes with 5,000 built in songs with video and photo background---and when you finish singing it grades you on a scale of 1 to 100.
There are no magic microphones that have the original background music. They all use synthesized music.
It's not cordless
Not sure what you mean by operated or rechargeable. I have a Microky that has a RCA cable that plug into the TV and a cord that plug into an outlet. I hope this helps.
Hello, This is an issue that I have been aggressively pursuing with Amazon however I am unable to get anyone with authority to fix the problem. Amazon has tied the TD11K and the TD11KV drum sets together under ASIN B007XOPXRG. You can see that Amazon has sellers listed for $999 (td11k) as well as $1599 (td11kv) under the listing for the TD11K as well as the wrong picture once you click on the listing. Because they would not correct this listing, I was forced to create my own. This was the only way to have the correct title, description, and picture but the down side is that it appears at the bottom of the page when one searches for TD11K. Best, Andy's Music
You should be able to use any standard bass drum pedal you like. The kick pad feels pretty good to play on but you're not going to experience the kind of rebound you would with a tensioned drumhead. Felt beaters are OK but I prefer to use a smooth plastic beater. I'd also recommend an adhesive bass drum patch.
This is the only set that I have used so I cannot comment on any lag issues in comparison to the other products, but as far as my daily practice usage goes, there is no noticeable lag that I could ever complain about.
Yes. The MIDI out can be used to control virtual instruments in GarageBand as well as any other application that supports standard MIDI note messages.
They can be raised and adjusted via the metal poles they are attached to. However, I think you mean whether the black poles they are connected to can be raised up and down. The toms are connected to the black poles with adjustable couplings, but they will only go as high as the black poles allow them, which can be seen in the picture. The poles themselves are not adjustable.
I don't think so.
Yes!
Comes with pad just not the pedal.
do u mean for a rimshot? If so then yes.
2 symbols included.
10.5wide x 13 Long you I only need one pad per speaker. I have B&W DW601's support them really well, they weight of the speaker doesnt make a dent in the foam.
My B&W 601's weigh in at 6.1 kilos (13.4 lb). They do not make a dent in the foam. I'm sure you could could a few pounds heaver before any compression.
I don't know how big the JBL LSR305's are, but they fit my BW601's with about 1inch over the sides and at least a couple of inches back and front.
They come as two sections that are cut at a angle to u can achieve either squared or angled positioning. I hope that helps.
I received a pair of pads.
These are 13" deep x 10.25 wide. Your Rokits are a little bigger, but should not have a problem. The Pad Ecos hold my 45 lb. Mirage OMD 15s with no sag.
I have a large pair of Ruark Palladin speakers, and they are perfect, and handle the weight with ease, completely isolating the speakers from the hardwood floors
Sold in Pairs..HS8...Yamaha? I bet they'll fit...the fit my Presonus 8's
2 different sizes available- which are you thinking of? The spadeco1's are for smaller monitors- the 2's are wider- close to 10"
Yes, they can be made flat as it comes. No modification necessary.
It's a pair. Good product.
you place your speakers on top and they help keep the vibrations from distorting the sound. they actually point the speaker either straight forward or down, depending on how you have the foam insert. technically, if you placed them on it backwards they would face more up, but they may not be as sturdy.
How wide and deep are they? Are you asking about the spadeco1 or 2- need more info
I don't know the size of the rokit6, I guess it should fit if is the smaller of the serires. I use mine with the yamaha HS 50M. I hope it helps
Yes, it's better than nothing but apartment and studio life can be tough!
Yep, in most cases. They are in two pieces and you can adjust them to tilt upward.
YES
To look cool. Duhh
we ship from NJ USA, and ship to the USA only.
There should be no reason you can't. It fits all my guitars quite well, so a Uke should be no problem.
Yes
nope, never has yet
It should, it works fine on my Les Paul JR.
Tenor Sax is in Bb. (The smaller Alto Sax is in Eb)
why not? I don't think the instrument is contaminated :) A jazz teacher should accept any student with a "playable" instrument and the want to learn. Jazz is free form expression. Enjoy.
Sorry, no idea. But the thing is really good.
Rob, Thank you for contacting us! Unfortunately, no, the stand and kick pedals are not included. Please let us know if you have any other questions.
Sorry I haven't used the USB port, I just hook up the iPod.
I don't believe it came with a throne, hi hat stand or kick pedal. Great set tho!
It does not come with the hi hat stand. The other cymbals attach to the drum stand. You can use any hi hat stand.
It will work with any regular hi hat stand. Something like this would work fine: http://www.amazon.com/Gearlux-Double-Braced-Adjustable-Hi-Hat-Cymbal/dp/B00OPBGQ4Y/ref=sr_1_1?s=musical-instruments&ie=UTF8&qid=1420848735&sr=1-1&keywords=hi++hat+stand
Yes you can connect a 3rd cymbal. I play open so I have my ride to the left of my high hat in addition to the other two crash cymbals. The additional (3rd) cymbal trigger input is on the side of the TD-15 module. There's a second trigger "auxiliary" input so I'm pretty sure you can connect your 4th tom there. Unless you upgrade to a larger v drum module, that should be it. The pics of decked out kits (3rd cymbal/4th tom) always has a larger module on display but that's probably to show off a pro set up. Either way, you'll get what you need out of the smaller module. Hope this helps! Have fun, the supernatural is an amazing kit to play. get an amp, use the high hat stand and upgrade the bass drum pad if you can... you'll be in heaven.
Unfortunately we do not ship outside the US. We apologize for the inconvenience.
I'm not the seller, so I can't speak to the cymbal mount, but the size of the packaging for the Roland TD-15KV is pretty big. I no longer have the boxes, but I'd estimate main box (inside which each piece is individually packaged) is about 5' x 4' x 1', maybe slightly larger. It's big enough to be a difficult fit into any car that's not a truck or big SUV.
Take 1/4 inch jack into the input and connect it to the othe amp in the input
I only plug 2 low wattage 8's and a 69and is working good
I don't know how to hook it up threw a processor, but this amp is horrible, both channels didnt work. Communication was not good at all. Im so sorry I coudn't answer your question.
If you want to push that much power you'll most likely want something larger as this is 1000the watts peak. More headroom would be better, unless you aren't planning/desiring to push them very hard.
It has a 3/4 scale. The body might be slightly bigger than some other 3/4 guitars but it is not big enough to produce a big bass sound.
Hi this is the Taylor Swift model Baby Taylor 2 It has a spruce top.
Steel
Hi its the same guitar, this one just has the Taylor Swift logo on it.
The graphic on the top.
Yes it came with a nice soft travel case
Yes it is. It is a really nice guitar for kids to start off with.
The power source that came with your LED roll should power up to two LED rolls (16ft each), the repeater will also power up to two (one line coming in and two lines going out (being repeated)). If you need 48ft then you would 3 LED rolls and 1 repeater. 1st LED roll connects to the power source / controller, 2nd roll to the end of the 1st LED and the other end in the repeater IN, third LED roll connects to the repeater OUT. You would still be able to attached a 4th LED roll to the 2nd repeater Out- if you wanted an additional 16ft (64ft total). Hope this helps... good luck!
you need 12 amps from an additional 12vdc power supply. you are taking the signal from an led controller and adding power down the line
select white on the string lightning, max brightness, using a DVM check each lead in and out of amplifier for 12 volts to common. If your missing a voltage on the in, maybe a poor connection. If your missing a voltage on the out of the amplifier then you may have a defective amp. Recommend power cycling the amp. Also verify all wiring, you could have a the common on the wrong lead on the output causing the incorrect lightning.
Yes
It will only work on 12v.
It's the same 2.1mm jack that comes with LED strips. Also the same as is used on home surveillance cameras, which is quite handy for putting them up around the house as Christmas lights :-)
I think is N size. You can get the connector at RadioShack
Without knowing the specs of your strip lights, I can't answer your question. I can say this, though. If you use the rgb strip lights typically available on amazon, you can't string two 5 meter strips end to end. The current load through the first strip will cause the thin flexible copper conductors to overheat. Also, you'll experience significant voltage drop through the strips, and the far end will be noticeably dimmer than the supply end. If you need a continuous run of 4 5 meter strips, use a data repeater between each strip.. In that case, you would need 3 of these units. Hope that helps!
3 16ft. strips might be too drawing too much power, if you run two at the max, you shouldnt have a problem.
buy seperatley
No, it is not.
Assuming you are an adult, it should not be a problem. You'll love the guitar.
It does not come with Hard case for it. I just bought a regular acoustic guitar hard case for it and it fit great
No, you'll have to add the upper one. It cost me about six bucks at my local guitar shop.
It is beautiful, bought for my wife as a beginner. she loves it. took it in to get it set up to make it easier to play for about 50 dollars. Well worth it. It is a steel string. Have to realize takes awhile to get the finger tips conditioned.
It's 2 3/4 if your talking about the "nut" just before the place the strings attach to.
Yes
Hand crafted.... in China
Yes it does!
Gloss
We work with 220 V
Sorry don't know what a t that means
The Professional 4 Channel VHF comes with One 1/4 plug, the Receiver and the Microphones. The first jack is used to operate all of the four mic"s on ONE CHANNEL. All mic's are at the same volume level. But ,when using the separate Jacks you can give each mic its own volume level.
I afraid that it will be difficult to do. I left the country and the closest 6-8 month I'll be away. Any advice?
It did not come with a bag or case of any kind.
No, they are just fine, as usual in a new instrument maybe you will need to take the bass to the luthier in order to put the octaves in tune. The instrument is great, i really love it, to improve the strength and the speed of your fingers is so good, after you play this bass the electric ones are piece of cake
CB-100CE Bass Guitar is 48 inches long.
My acoustic bass weighs 9 lbs and I really enjoy it. I had all of the fret's removed and put on nylon wound strings put on. It sounds like a upright bass.
Having the larger dreadnought body makes it louder than most acoustic basses, but it's still not as loud as an upright. If playing along with one or two acoustic guitars you'll be heard, but beyond that you'll need amplification. Unplugged = great for small quaint jamming. Also there is a wide tonal range that can be achieved through the preamp when plugged in. With an amp you could make it sound very similar to an upright. Here's a great example of it's preamp's capabilities: http://youtu.be/ikmZ5YholGs
Yes, this particular model is acoustic-electric.
Should fit into any standard dreadnought guitar case. Thank you, Adam GTRSTORE.COM
no, it does not come with a case
If you scroll down the page featuring the guitar you will see an area called "Product Details" - the dimensions and weight are there. - ja
Nylon. You do not put steel strings on a Ukulele as far as I know.
call amazon's 1-800 number and they will replace it if you ship it back
I bought it for a 25 yr old. should be fine.
It's a pretty cheap box with not much tape sealing it and the ukulele comes in the little bag it comes with but I don't think the bag is waterproof.
It is already finished and ready to play. I suppose you could add more coats of varnish to make it glossier.
Yes it comes with strings, and a case. But the case is soft, and kind of cheap looking.
Ours is stained, not painted. There is no finish over it so it is not glossy at all.
The strings that come on it are actually a lot better than you think. They're tightened in tune and sound awesome out of the box. I kept my strings on for about 2 months before having to replace them, but they'll definitely last
Nope, they're made in China. Legitimate Hawaiian ukes are typically much more expensive.
The strings do just fine and produce a good sound, although every uke is a little different so you can never be sure if they'll be good. I'd suggest trying them and seeing how you like them, and if the sound doesn't work for you then pick up some Aquila strings.
no, yeti is too big. Its what I bought it for but it didnt fit. So is sitting in box unuseable. I had to buy a yeti specific mount and a stand with a standard mic threaded arm to use.
I don't know for sure but the Samson C01U is thicker than most mics . But if it doesn't, the shock mount is slightly adjustable to hold a wider mic I'm just not sure how wide it will open . But the good thing is the shock mount is replaceable/removeable so you could always get a new one.
In my case though using the Blue Yeti and the Blue shock mount it's a little to heavy for the arm and it has a hard time holding everything up.
Probably not - it's well-built, but a compact length arm. Each arm section is only about 14 inches long, so it'd basically be extended out virtually straight at 27 inches. It's clamped to the side of my desk about halfway to the rear of a 36" wide top, and is a very comfortable "fit" in that setting. Sounds as if you need a "full size" boom.
Jared, it will fit but just barely! My AT2020USB+ has a width of 2.6 inches, and yours a width of 2.8 inches. I had to do some twisting and gentle tugging and make my fingers do some weird maneuvers. Expect a little labor. Be aware that you should avoid removing the microphone from the shock mount often. Other than that, the mount is good for the price and looks, mind me, "hella" awesome on a nice clean desktop! If you have any more questions, drop a reply!
It would but since the Apogee mic is USB this is probably not the arm you are looking for. Unless you remove the mic cable & somehow replace it with a long USB cable. Or, if you don't care how it looks, just ignore the mic cable & feed a USB cable on the outside of the arm. Hope this helps.
Thats exactly what i have in mine, its a bit of a tight fit but still works just fine. Gotta use your man fingers to get in there.
Honestly... I probably wouldn't want to put any Blue mic's on it. I currently have my Blue Yetti in it and it's really way to heavy for it.
15 inches lower, 14 inches upper, reaches out from attached base to microphone about 22-24 inches
Yes. I reviewed the ATR-2500 and should work well with it. I would definitely advise using a wind screen for best on air sound.
this item is extremely heavy. And the connection part between mic and this item is too weak. so i bought one more mic stand for my microphone just to protect it. My microphone which I care a lot. i did not wanna take a risk. i use two separate stands for each. and still dont feel comfortable. buy a stand which is very strong and heavy. i bought this one which is better than regular ones. http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B002PAW6AU/ref=oh_details_o05_s00_i00?ie=UTF8&psc=1 it is okay. but i wouldnt use the same stand for both. because i tried and result was really scary..
Unless you've got a super heavy duty mic stand with a very wide base, there's no way this will stand on the end of any stand that is angled. It's just too heavy. My other problem is that I can't find a stand tall enough to facilitate standing up at this mic. As far as isolation goes, however, this does make a notable difference in my mini "studio". So I guess it's a trade off.
Yes it will, but you will need just a standard microphone clip if you don't have one already. The standard microphone clip would screw right into where the microphone shock mount would go.
Yes
My guess would be no, but you can use a different one. It's still worth it. I would use a metal stand 'cause the diffuser can be a bit too heavy. Hope this helps
Nope
Yes, it does fit but not very well, mine was kinda falling down, so I decided to put my blue mic shockmount, hope that help
I don't know which stand you have, if you are talking about proline stand with tripod boom you good to go, because that's the one that I'm using with it, and I still don't have any issue so far...but if you have the round base stand I don't think it will hold it study. I hope this help...
No, it does not.. nor with headphones either
It comes with the shock mount but you need a stand. What I would do is but a stand for the isolation panel and a stand for your mic.
I installed these in an old silvertone. The original holes were worn to the point that they were eccentric (not sharing a common center with the posts..ovalar) I drilled them out and pushed in some bushings ( http://www.amazon.com/Bushings-Fender%C2%AE-vintage-tuning-pieces/dp/B00A8Q1HAI/ref=sr_1_4?ie=UTF8&qid=1389205120&sr=8-4&keywords=Nickel+bushings+tuning+hardware) which fit the tuners perfectly. Not sure of the diameter.
Yes it does
Pay a little more and get something better Spacing works for classical guitar
yes they have dimmers and even wireless dimmers for them I use both on my systems dennis
no,the package not include power supply,it can be connected to 12V power supply,like this ASIN: B00FHUBDP4
Sorry Rich I do not know. As a guess not more than 4 amps at 12 volts, for the whole string.
it won`t work also.... I pressed the turn on button but nothing happens... no light no sound... Please help!!
Your recording device/phone has a USB port (that part of the charger that goes into the computer or the charger plug itself) check to see if you TV has a USB port and you are good to go. You can also get a jack that can be used with both the TV and Memorex. Merry Christmas and good luck.
Yes, this requires a plugin nearby (cord roughly 8 feet in length) and does not run using batteries.
I've done both, and it's pretty straight forward. The mic part is really easy - the mic stand has a built in second mic port, so you can get any hand held mic with the same connector as the mic that came with the system, and you're good to go. As to running through a stereo system, if I remember correctly you need to purchase a separate 2.5mm-RCA cable. That way you can connect the 2.5mm side to the Stereo Out on the mic system, and the red/white RCA side of the cable to an input on your home stereo system. Hope that makes sense and is helpful.
There are two microphone jacks. But, I have a wireless microphone "receiver" that I have plugged into one of the jacks. That receiver runs two wireless microphones. So, I can have 3 going at once. One wired to the stand and the two wireless. All the sound comes through the SingStand. Is a great set up for my 3 kids. HTH!
A 2 year old. NO! It's a real Mic with a stand that teenagers and adults can use.
It has a composite audio input so I would assume so as long as your tv has composite audio output you could use it that way. However, your vocal output would be coming from the built in speaker unless you then carry the audio output to another device-it's doubtful your tv has an audio in that would work for this. I can't imagine any way that you could loop vocals back to your tv speakers because they would need to be playing the music going out and then the voice and music coming back in. Basically, you would use your t.v. for giant lyrics display and audio out for the backtrack music. You can't use the tv as a mixer, of sorts. I hope this is helpful. I'm certainly not an expert on AV.
It's definitely not a toy and it's great for home entertainment or anywhere with a small gathering of family/friends. I use mine at my piano/karaoke bar where some of the patrons come up and sing.The sound quality is ok, but not great (it's lacks bass). It has inputs for CD/MP3 players and a guitar line in, so I would say it can work for your care facility entertainment.
No. It will play your itunes playlist directly from the phone / ipad.
You would have to hook up the output or headphones to whatever device you want to record on but there is no internal recording functions.
It does not come with a case, cordoba does have some nice padded gig bags for around $25 here on amazon.
The 15SM is 21 inches long.
yep, not much bigger but definitely bigger.
This one comes with a high G string. You could probably switch it out for the low, however. It is a nice uke. I have had it for a while now and I still like it very much.
I got mine in September 2013 and it came with Aquila Nylgut stings. Nice strings. Nice little uke for the price, too. Enjoy!
Any ukulele, guitar, etc. that is solid wood may crack or split if the air in your home is too dry. Your Mele might be able to be repaired, however. I have read that if you live in a dry climate or have dry heat in your home, it is best to keep your instrument inside a case and to use a humidifier with it. For a ukulele, Oasis makes a nice humidifier. You have to add water to it, but that is not a big deal especially if it keeps your instrument from splitting. The Cordoba is a nice little uke for that price but it, too, could split if gets too dry. Good luck with your Mele. There used to be a video on the Taylor Guitar site that showed a cracked guitar being fixed so it might be possible your little friend can be saved. I hope this is helpful to you.
The strings were on it.
width is 12 inches and depth is 1/4 inch. length 15 inches. The height on the pedestal is adjustable. My laptop is larger but I have it on top and I can work very easily and it is secure enough.
yes I used all time. in live concerts. it's awesome.
Yes, it holds flat and horizontally. There's some extra room around the footprint of my 13" MacBook Pro, so just make sure your flat screen's footprint isn't much larger than that.
I see why not, as long the unit is the size of a laptop, LCD projector or even a vintage Kodak slide projector. Any bigger than those mention above, it's a no.
It is actually quite thick. I attached an Ipad holder to it, but I had to get the Talent iCLaw Mic/Music Stand Holder for iPad, in order for it to fit on this stand. The claw indicated that it fit a 1 inch (the smaller upper telescope, not the bottom thicker telescope base) That said, I think a mic holder that takes a 1 inch tube should work. This is an excellent stand by the way, and I currently have my Ipad claw hooked to it.
This particular stand does nothave a deep lip (about 1/4") so you won't be able to just rest the papers down without first finding a way of clipping them to the plate. I have done it by using some clothes pins. If you have to make this stand do double duty, I would do it even though it is designed for laptops.
32 to 52. It's in the reviews. You might want to read them.
You can type it. It is heavy and very sturdy.
The stand sits at 34" at the lowest setting and about 54" at the highest. It has a stop at the 54" level so you can't pull it out. Very sturdy at any height and excellent value for the money.
With the top completely vertical and the stand collapsed, it's about 34" tall and the top is 15.75" wide. The top could be removed, but you're really just disassembling it. And the surface won't tilt - when tightened, it's very solid.
I have no experience with the double density strips but the hitlights web site says the color temp for both is 6000K so I would expect the to be very close in color. The 300 ct ribbon uses smd5050 led which are brighter than the smd3528 leds on the 600 ct ribbon. I have no way to compare the brightness of the 300 ct vs 600 ct ribbons.
I use these outside and haven't had any trouble with water I also added the wireless dimmer and haven't had any troubles either. This is the brightest they come
Yes just calculate the voltage/ 2rolls/32feet: 12volt transform. 4rolls/64feet: 24volt transformer........
depends on what you're using it for I was using it for motorcycle applications and a 12 volt battery that runs the motorcycle work fine as long as you're using 12 volt DC power it will work
The lights are rated weatherproof (IP 65). Meaning they can be exposed to the high humidity and light moisture of outdoor use. They cannot be fully submerged, that would require our IP 67 lights. This may be an error in the listing and we will work to correct it.
Yes. I've used it well with my portable Tascam stereo recorder. It blocks out unwanted sound effectively.
Depends where you plan on using the booth, but I would suggest a table mic stand and using some ingenuity to place the stand in the booth. Hope this helps...
I built a 'standing desk' using a small IKEA table with a shelf mounted to the front legs. I set the Porta-Booth on the table and put my laptop on the shelf below. It is the perfect height for me to use my laptop for my scripts while speaking into the Porta-Booth.
Haven't tried that mic, Tony, but it should work fine based on similar mics.
Assembled: 16 inches high x 15 inches wide and 16 inches deep
I don't know, but my snowball mic fits in there just fine with its tripod.
A standard size mic on a tabletop stand or standard mic on an adjustable, floor standing stand will be fine. I have a Rode NT2L and a tabletop Blue mic. For the floor standing stand you will need to unzip the back of the booth and carefully put the boom through (attach the mic and pop filter after you do this) once it's all carefully set up in the booth you can zip the back up to leave space only for the boom and cable. Hope this is helpful and happy recording !
Yes it is. Purchased one for my daughter and have had no issues. Great Buy!
Yes, it is a beautiful instrument. I purchased it for my granddaughter who is a beginner
No harder than any other viola. I would change the strings, the ones that come with it are cheap and nasty sounding.
The different is MA250 has Natural Varnish vs MA350 has Satin Antique.
In my case, answer is NO.
A 10" and 12" rack tom, 140 and 16" floor toms
no, just stands without cymbals.
Hello! This set includes the following: 2 cymbal stands, Snare stand, Hi-hat stand, Bass drum pedal, Tom arm & clamp for mounted toms. Thank you! ~The Music Farm
Hello there! Yes, the Double Down kit does ship with 2 bass drum pedals, and all hardware shown. Thank you! ~Todd from The Music Farm
Hello Bdog. The heads are Remo / Ddrum branded. Thanks!
Hello there! The heads are included! Thanks! ~Todd from The Music Farm
The string of lights is a dumb string of lights. The string will only display one color at a time. The controller will work but with limited function. Not what you want.
They come in a standard half inch
Well, I would say yes and no...The tape doesn't really stick good first off. With some type of water proof glue you could get away with the actual light strip being pool side. Then when it comes to the strip connecting to it's power box source you would have to use some kind of water proof type like electrical tape to seal the easily exposed connect in/outlets. I hope that information helped.Good luck friend.
Mine came on white I believe, so I would think that they are on white a background.
you need to find something that is rated i69 for submersion, these are all ip65 rated or less..
Depends entirely upon the controller you decide to use. I used a music recognition controller that allows the lights to flash in unison with the beat. I was able to run three full rolls and a little more than 1.5 rolls with an amplifier connected directly to the controller. In total almost 5 rolls.
You need a controller box to drive the LEDs, but that power supply you linked should be able to power a controller box. I'm not exactly sure how long it would be able to power the lights, but it would work with a controller box
Yeah, mine does as well... Doesn't effect it as far as I know, but I did notice that if you're soldering on the connections near it, the solder they used seems to boil or liquefy again
Yes you should be able to as they are both 5050 series strips.
Yes, it is. I have the same i put it together for a total lenght of about 30 ft.
If this was a carry-on, I'd say no problem, but if it was to be checked in with other luggage, I wouldn't take that chance.
Yes, it's for a non removable bell, or I suppose a detachable one that you've left screwed-in. It's still going strong for me by the way. Love this case.
The horn lies flat on your back with the bell skyward. Since the bell is at an angle it does not stick out on the sides at all, i.e., I have never had trouble getting through a door. I have the shoulder straps high, but the bell is still below the top of my head. I would like to have an additional strap to join the shoulder straps across my chest, as another case I have does, which this one does not come with. So far, the straps appear solid with no sign of coming apart from slinging it around. I love being able to easily stow the straps. You might not want to put your mouthpiece in the case slot. Mine is a bit tall an I think it damaged the hinge next to it by putting upward pressure on the two halves of the case. Put the mouthpiece in its own case in the side pocket, where I always carry my metronome/tuner. I love the music pock on the back as well. It fits my Conn double well, but is too small for a larger horn (Geyer style horn) - which they don't tell you. Overall, it is a great, light case at a reasonable price.
The case is very light, but good protection. Inside the nylon material is a hard shell of some sort. I showed it to a member of the San Francisco Symphony and he was impressed. I am pretty sure a King single would fit - if it is too loose add some foam padding. You don't want the horn to move in the case.
Yes
My 6D is larger than most horns and fits alright, you should be okay. At worst just push the foam together with your fingers if you need some spot to be bigger.
The microphones (there are two) are reasonably solid and could easily be used to inflict blunt trauma, especially when used together. As to the extent of the trauma that would depend on your wife's strength and skill.
I have no idea. My wife works the thing. It made it successfully thru 1 brutal Halloween party, being operated by 3 bratty triplets and and army of sugared-up associates. It's a killer machine.
Yes it does.
Yes and then move the source to Aux Input
Sorry, but no idea what you mean by "score". This karaoke device is found in some big stores in the "toy" section. I have read comments from Adults and Senior Citizens saying how fun it was to use it. I got it for my 7 year old son, and he and his friends enjoy playing with it, using the microphones "pretending" being famous singers. It seems you are looking for a very sophisticated electronic device that shows the quality of your voice. I don't remember having seen anything in this karaoke that "measures" and "rates" the voice.
yes, we love it!
Yes, probably other brands will work too, but I use my Samson SWV266SHT6U-611 Handheld Wireless Microphones with this and it works great. It has two wireless microphones, so I plug in the receiver unit to one of the mike jacks and both of the microphones work off of that jack. Then I can use one of the other wired microphones that came with it in the other jack to allow for 3 users. I imagine if I had two of the wireless sets I might be able to use all 4 separate microphones-haven't tried that though.
HI, I AM 67 with lots of health problems & I can carry it around very easy, never looked to see how much it weights. I do Karaoke at our Eagles lodge every month & just love the ease of moving it where I need it to be without asking for any help. My old machine I could not move at all. Hope this helps you.
I believe it's rated at 30 watts. I use this karaoke player for practicing my music sets at home and also use it as my player/video/audio monitor at my performances. With the player being so unobtrusive, I just face the unit toward me and use a 600 watt PA to project sound to the audience. I just hook the player directly into the PA. I've been doing karaoke for a number of years now all the way back to laser disc days. This player is the easiest one I've ever used.
It requires a 110 outlet.
If the size is the same as an iPad should work without a problem the adjustment have tight fit so tablet is secured I love my
Yes it will. It's pretty versatile.
Plastic it's working ok
It has the standard 1/4 camera thread. It also has an extremely strong grip. I couldn't use mine as the tabs interfered with the charging port on the 7" Kindle I was using. It's on its way to Good Will.
Of course!!!!
I got it for a 7" Kindle Fire HD. Sturdy, works well but in portrait mode the tabs interfere with the charging port...
Yup. It is adjustable to my Microsoft Pro RT which is more than 10 inches.
it can be turned on the tripod to shoot in landscape or portrait. the unit requires a cover on your ipad or the holder is too big. I made a small wooden filler between the pad and the holder
This item is to hold ones iPad, Kindle, etc securely while reading music, reading hands free, etc., and by using a tripod.
The cross section of the 16 ft strip is about 1/2" by 3/16". See my comment to my post. Two of the 3 LED segments have stopped working after one year being exposed to the elements.
12V power supply does not come with it!
No, these lights are 12 volt and can be converted from 120 volt converter.
Warm white. No multi color
You need a step down transformer... Do some looking and you can find good ones as cheap as $15, and pretty low profile
The LED are bright white in color, The roll had 16 feet total.
I'm assuming you mean the actual output. Can't give you the specific answer to this because it would, of course, depend on how much of the strip you use and then calculating the per-bulb output, which I can't supply. We use the strips in the entertainment cabinet. It's on 24/7 and is a night light when the tv is not on. When the tv is on, the light strip does not interfere at all with the television. Hope this helps.
With the one pictured here there is only the one color.
Without any experience around aquariums my answers may not be appropriate. I don't know the numerical value of the light output (lumens) but you can look at the strip without squinting or hurting your eyes. A quick Google search suggests that at 24 watts this led string may be similar to a 100 watt incandescent bulb or about 1500 lumens (for the entire strip.) The strips are offered in two "colors", warm white and cool white. The warm white is much like a incandescent bulb (more yellow) while the cool white is much bluer / harder.
It will go around a corner but the minimum radius would probably be around 1 cm. So it won't hug a perfectly square inside corner.
The cross section of the 16 ft strip is about 1/2" by 3/16". See my comment to my post. Two of the 3 LED segments have stopped working after one year being exposed to the elements.
12V power supply does not come with it!
No, these lights are 12 volt and can be converted from 120 volt converter.
Warm white. No multi color
You need a step down transformer... Do some looking and you can find good ones as cheap as $15, and pretty low profile
The LED are bright white in color, The roll had 16 feet total.
I'm assuming you mean the actual output. Can't give you the specific answer to this because it would, of course, depend on how much of the strip you use and then calculating the per-bulb output, which I can't supply. We use the strips in the entertainment cabinet. It's on 24/7 and is a night light when the tv is not on. When the tv is on, the light strip does not interfere at all with the television. Hope this helps.
With the one pictured here there is only the one color.
Without any experience around aquariums my answers may not be appropriate. I don't know the numerical value of the light output (lumens) but you can look at the strip without squinting or hurting your eyes. A quick Google search suggests that at 24 watts this led string may be similar to a 100 watt incandescent bulb or about 1500 lumens (for the entire strip.) The strips are offered in two "colors", warm white and cool white. The warm white is much like a incandescent bulb (more yellow) while the cool white is much bluer / harder.
It will go around a corner but the minimum radius would probably be around 1 cm. So it won't hug a perfectly square inside corner.
If the details about this item are correct the "Power consumption is 24W" - so a 200 watt transformer should be more than what you need. I have 3 strings connected to a 150watt transformer, with no heat issues or tripping.
You need to buy the adapter, it's still a great deal I used this to make a light panel for a film I was working on and I sved 500 bucks :) good luck
This strip is powered by a 12 volts DC converter, so as long as your power supply has an output of 12vdc then I would not hesitate hooking them up. This is a very versatile set of lights. Have fun with them.
Yes. The more lights the brighter it will be. Not the individual light but the overall effect.
16 ft lengths and appox 1/2 inch wide
a power supply that converts standard A/C household power to the required 12 volt D/C . They should be pictured in the "frequently purchased with " area
Since these are 12V LEDs, they require a separate 12V power supply and I suspect that the 12V power supply would not handle being on a dimmer circuit. There is a low cost dimmer available, see http://www.amazon.com/Lighting-EVER-Dimmer-Wireless-Control/dp/B004X4O1NG/ref=pd_sim_hg_4
Yes...there are different size transformers...but with any low volt or line volt lighting simply take the total wattage of the lighting strip..(60ft.) say maybe 200 watt....and divide by your voltage which I believe is 12v. on these...this would be 16.66 amps.....so make sure the wire you run from the transformer is rated at least 20 amps.....(#12 wire) This should work for you and be safe.....Make sure your transformer wattage output is equal to or less than your strip light wattage.
No they run on 12 volt DC.
I think 1 driver would power 3 then use another for the other 2
Not recommended. Striking surface is not big enough. Great affordable kit however.
Yes, it has a line in. I connect my iphone and drum to music all the time you just need a 3.5mm to 3.5mm cable (normal headphone jack on both ends)
Yes you do, the kit does not come with a bass pedal. I would also suggest a drum stool.
There is a midi out and there is an input but it's a 3.5mm jack
No, it does not come with.
Unlimited Audio and Midi tracks! Your hardware/equipment is the only limitation. Latency. I/O. Etc.
Mine came with a CD. Great program. I use in in conjunction with Band in a Box (and its sister program Real Band). I wish I had these tools when I was a teenage songwriter.
Yes it does and also you can download a free audio wave editor plug-in called GoldWave which has additional pitch control effects. Simply name the editor in Mixcraft and they work seamlessly togather
An unlimited license as far as I know. I talked to them about sounds, loops and they said all are royalty free and could be copy-written if used as an arrangement, not the individual sounds themselves. So you can write a song with their sounds and profit from it, but if you sell or commercialize an individual loop or sound it's a copy write violation. I used Mixcraft 4 for about 8 years before I stopped recording for awhile. So when I talked to them there was never any mention of a expiration of the license, and the Mixcraft Tech guy was pretty informative. That's all I know, sorry I couldn't give a definite answer, but I'd have to say you could probably use it forever or just upgrade when they do!
Hi Robert, You can import your backing tracks (mp3 or Wav files) into the program and record your vocals. I use a 2 channel USB interface for recording vocals and guitars. I hope this helps. I think this is a very user friendly program.
The software is on a Cd disk. The program works great with many really nice virtual instruments, inspiring loops and a user friendly format.
I installed it on a laptop and desktop, and haven't seen any issues yet.
I'm not 100% sure but I have other programs such as IK Multimedia that work well with this. I hope this helps.
This product offered on Amazon would need a disc drive. I recommend that you visit the Acoustica website to see if their digital downloads meet your needs.
I'm not sure. Not familiar with that device. I'm using the program with a USB keyboard and windows 7 which works fine.
Yes, it does.
I think so. Mine is wolf forte and it's not small but it fits in there just fine.
Does not come with one, but there's enough room to add one by the scroll. I just decided to go back to using a Dampit.
It is made in China.
Try your local violin shop. They can fix it.
I don't have an accurate way to weigh the case by itself. By weighing myself with and without the case, I estimeat that it weighs between 7 and 8 lbs. After I had surgery, I was on a 10 lbs weight lifting restriction and checked it with violin, bow and a few accessories and felt confident it was not over my 10 lbs limit by checking it the same way. I have been very happy with this case and have had several comments about how nice it looks. I feel it is also very well built and has a lot of space for storing additional items. I use a Bon Musica Shoulder rest and have found a way to store it next to the neck of the instrument, allowing it to stick up above the compartment tops. There is sufficient space in the top section to allow closing the lid without any problem. This leaves the back and side compartments for storing other items like tuners, rosin, small recorder etc.
Yes. It will be just fit.
Not at all! It is a regular heavy wooden case... But very good... I just trade in mine for a carbon fiber case... I was disappointed with the weight.
I have an iPad 3 and could not get it to work
Yes to both. We have been very happy with this mixer. If I had to do it over again, I would have spent a few dollars extra and picked up the X1204USB, the model with the built-in reverb and effects.
It would depend on the recording device. This mixer has a onboard compressor that's works well. So, it could definitely make a great interview recording.
No. The simplest and best recording software (free) is audacity. Easy to use and works with this hardware
Identical except for the built in sound effects. Unless you need live performance FX so you can't add them in post production it is a waste of money.
A manual, mixer, connection wire. You can download the installation package from their website
I'm not sure about that. My Experience has been with vocals only. I record to a Mac book using audacity and so far I have not encountered any issues but everything I do is in mono both channels on purpose
I use this for podcasting and so far there are no issues. Clean with no hum. But honestly I don't play any instruments through it.
Yes, and depending on what software you can record at least 2 tracks. No problem...
Yes it does. I load the driver from Behringer to a specific USB port that is used every time to stream my audio. In the Meridix FME encoder it sees it a line level stream, which is what it needs for proper audio levels.
many
Unless eDJing has the ability to midi map the controller it is unlikely. Unfortunately this controller has very few software options available to it (to my knowledge no tablets). Still at this price point it is a pretty good buy as a mac/windows software+hardware dj bundle. Buddy of mine plays legitimate gigs on his despite the small and unimpressive appearance -- thing packs a punch for its price and size
Hercules is 100% comparable with virtual dj
Theres a $10 monthly charge if you want for unlimited music to add to the sofware library to mix, but the console is garbage, the jog wheels are way off, and the software it comes ith freezes up all the time. Its not my computer cause i have a really good ASUS laptop and it DOSENT freeze with anything else i use. Its also not acurate with the beat matching. You get what you pay for. Ron
I have mine run 2 120w jvc speakers they do plug direct to the controller but they have their own power source. Sounds good to. I run the Hercules instinct and my Hercules rmx also. On my rmx I have to use and 3/4 to 1/4 adapter for it to work I hope this helped you.
Yes. It connects to a PC via USB on one end, and for output has both a 3.5mm audio jack and a stereo RCA connection. You should be able to connect the RCA to your stereo amp.
matter of preference. instinct was an easy way to learn with it's navigation simplicity and portability
Serato supports midi devices, so you can map the functions. I mapped to Traktor 2 very successfully. In some ways this little controller is more convenient to use than my S4. I've even used it in live dj sets for small parties.
Yes
It should as long as the proper outputs are in the back of the stereo and the controller
You should be able to plug directly into your keyboard.
I bought it and it was used for a karoke machine, but it is a good microphone and I would think it would work just fine with a computer. As long as you get the right adapter to make it fit. Overall, as a microphone it works great. I have used it in a guitar pedal and a tape deck and the karoke machine and all worked fine.
No
You can't use it on a computer only !! Need to use it on powered speakers or a mixer ect...
Well, it is analog and is intended for use in an amplifier. But you could probably use an adapter that converts the analog to digital, but I don't know what the quality would be. If you want to do that, something like this should work: http://www.amazon.com/2-5mm-3-5mm-Female-Stereo-Adapter/dp/B001078FV8/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1375320830&sr=8-1&keywords=3.5mm+female+to+2.5mm+male+adapter But if you're using it in an amplifier, it's a great microphone. But I recommend you get these as well to protect it from spit and such: http://www.amazon.com/Bluecell-Black-Microphone-Windscreen-Cover/dp/B005CERXFO/ref=sr_1_1?s=musical-instruments&ie=UTF8&qid=1375320597&sr=1-1&keywords=microphone+cover+foam But if you want a good digital microphone for recording in a computer sound editing software or just for voice chatting or whatever, I recommend this: http://www.amazon.com/Microphone-Computer-Laptop-Notebook-canceling/dp/B002KL0VY2/ref=sr_1_3?ie=UTF8&qid=1375321160&sr=8-3&keywords=laptop+microphone Hope I helped ;)
No clue! I bought it for a karaoke machine for my granddaughters. But I'm going to go out on a limb and say I'm thinking same brand it'll probably work fine!!!
Don't remember the exact numbers of the adjustments but there are 3 of them. My draught was 7 when we bought it and now she's 8 and is 48 inches tall. She used it for a keyboard. Now she has a piano with another bench. I'm sorry if I was no help.
Off-hand I don't know - we set it at it's highest for my son, which is about 18 inches. Can't find the manual any more!
Not sure - it's not in the specs? My son uses it, and he's just under 100 pounds.
Yeah, I just extended it all the way, and you can raise the bottom edge (where you would rest your music) up to 48". You can lay the top horizontally (in fact, it'll flip 180 degrees), and with the knob you can get it to hold pretty tight. I'm not using it professionally, so I can't say to what degree it would hold up when it's regularly being used/abused as it's being broken down on a regular basis. I mostly have had it in one position since I got it.
I am not sure I would want to move around. It is heavier than I would like for that. However it is a really nice stand! I am happy with it BUT it stays in one room.
Yes, the tray tilts, the legs can be adjusted to keep the stand from falling over, raise it up, or down. I really like the stand, I got this one for my granddaughter and she loves it. I have another brand which cost more, works the same way, and it's a tad bit heavier than this one, it's also 12 years old. If I had to replace it, I would buy this stand for myself as well.
2 ft from the floor to the lip of the stand that holds the music
I don't think there would be a problem with a 5lb book, it seems sturdy enough, the legs can be stretched out far enough to stay balanced. I have some large music books that weigh 3lbs, or more, and I haven't had any problems.
Most of the 10 year old kids I teach are able to use the stand. I buy one every time I see them here on sale because they're more expensive in the stores. I think the height of the stand would only affect my younger students who are 4 and 5 years old. The stand is very sturdy to hold music, a metronome, etc. I've only had one that broke and it was because I have students repeatedly leaning their whole body weight on the stand. Understandably a music stand won't be able to sustain 50 to 60 lb kids.
The tray is exactly 19-3/4 inches wide and the ledge is 2-1/4 inches deep. Item is very sturdy.
Yes, it seems to be. I tested it with a magnet and the magnet stuck to the stand.
Shipping weight is stated as 9.2 lbs but my guess is around 4-5 lbs max.
I ordered mine on August 20th and I'm still waiting so I'm thinking the wait is real.
If you're not looking to mount them too high off the ground these stand should do you just fine. My speakers are pretty heavy for unpowered ones and the were fine. So all depends in your usage situation if you want them at maximum height in the middle of an open stage, where there is wind, maybe a bad buy, otherwise I'm extremely happy with them for the price I paid.
the diameter of the poles are 2inches.. standred size for most pro speakers... however I do not recommend them I bought a pair last summer and they were a complete waste of money.. the knob to tighten the stands broke and the pin broke off and got lost too.. if your able to.. look for the brand ultimate brand speaker stand they maybe a few dollars more and can handle double the weight and are built to last!.. best of luck in the hunt! -jonathan hall- Hall Productions Disc Jockey Service , upstate new york
I don't know the exact weight but I am supporting a 12" Peavey. If supporting a speaker made for a stand like this I would guess less than 75lbs.
the lowest height setting of Stage Rocker Powered by Hamilton is 22 inches (56 cm.)
Sort of, there are 5 height settings, at its lowest setting the bars to rest the keyboard are the furthest apart (34 1/2in), so you couldn't fit the keyboard at this setting. This height is one I like because you can sit in a standard chair and play. The next height setting up, the bars are 30 1/2 in across, then the next setting they are 25 1/2in. The 4th setting they are 20in across, which would work for your keyboard, but you would have to stand to play because your keyboard would be 3 feet off the ground. It's a great keyboard stand, but I don't recommend it for your keyboard
Holds mine fine.
A Roland Fantom S88 sits on this stand since it was delivered from Amazon, I have not played on it, Also have a Peavey C8 midi controller on another Stage Rocker for about a year. Both these keyboards are heavy. The stands have held up. Been using these stands to park the keyboards and they show no strain. My Roland Fantom G8 sits on an Ultimate IQ3000 and is the one I'm currently playing, so to be up front here not sure how the Stage Rocker will perform with the heavy keys.
The top bars are approximately 13 3/4". The bottom ones are approximately 19 1/2". The grooved rubber end caps on both top and bottom bars are approximately 2 1/4". Hope this helps.
I keep an 88 key m-audio keyboard on mine. Plenty of support.
It's black.
Yes indeed it does come with a power cord, and it's also awesome, do yourself a favor and purchase this thing
Yes, you can. This is a great piece of equipment!
Yes. While the on-board speakers are adequate, an amplifier may serve to provide a more professional sound.
Any pedal with a 1/4" jack should work.
I am enjoying the EZ220MM with the lighted keys, but the PSR-E433 offers a longer keyboard, stylish arrangement of accompaniment buttons, larger variation of accompaniment music and would probably hold interest of all ages for a longer period of time. I could see where the lighted keys would become the focal point, rather than the actual music note for small children and for quite a little while. Actually, for longevity and the age spans, I would recommend the PSR-E433. Whichever you choose; have loads of fun learning and playing.
I did not use the pedal,so I don't know.Sorry
Interesting. I'd say best way to know is call a retailer or Yamaha dealer. Go to the online dealer locator here: http://usa.yamaha.com/dealers/
There are two hand held mics and two transmitters each with a lavalier microphone and a headset micrphone. You can choose which you want to use. We ordered the separate mini headsets that are less noticeable than the ones that come with it. We also ordered an additional handheld to use instead of one of the transmitters when we need a third handheld. Just program it to the same receiver channel.
There's one button on the top. It controls everything. On/off and mute.
We have the main box in a seperate room behind our stage. The range is fantastic. No interference. The microphone is able to move about the room and the sound is clear.
Yes! With whole set up.
We use Energizer Lithium batteries. They are not rechargeable, but they have lasted through 2 hour services and only got down to maybe 75%. We put in fresh batteries for "important" presentations, and use old ones for let formal occasions.
Yes. Just make sure the one you don't use is switched off. Otherwise there maybe static sound.
I have found that you can set up the A/B C/D antennas and there will be switching between but you will not notice it. It also depends on the order in which you sync or turn on the mics as which side they are on. there are a total of 4 antennas so you will find a quality signal with there. I used them from outside a building with the receiver at the back of the building and never dropped one note.
Yes, you can output each mike to individual inputs on your mixer or PA. There is also a line out for all four together . This is a great system for the price but remember to keep extra fresh batteries. It can use them faster than you think.
I do not believe the T-15 speakers are "powered" meaning that you do not plug them in to drive an internal amp so you would need an external amp.
Every or any mic will give you interference if your to close to the receiver. And you need to make sure the Mics are on different channels. I've had the receiver in one room talent in another room. But when you bring the mic to the receiver room to much feed back. Hope this helps.
I've not heard the VIP but the Nano is a pretty nice practice amp or "hang out with your friends and jam" amp. The smaller speaker lacks the punch and bottom-end of a 10 or 12 inch speaker (i.e. it's a little bit thin sounding) but the built-in effects more than make up for it. It's super-easy to use and has a more than a few nice sounds to dial in but you don't get the flexibility that you would with a pedal board. If you want something you can take with you on a weekend trip and jam then this is your amp. If you are looking for something that is gig-worthy (even when mic'd) or something that can project over a drummer, I would look elsewhere.
Hello. Technically, you could make this work for a variety of uses, but it may not sound the best for all of them. I would not recommend it for vocals, and acoustic guitar may be a bit hollow sounding. The Ecoustic series from Peavey would be better for acoustic blue and harmonica. Please remember, this is a small practice amp and is mostly recommend for use at home or in very small venues.
HI Mike, I don't know. I don't have a foot controller to give it a try. The amp is great. I added an extra speaker jack with a switch so that I can use the amp speaker or an external cabinet or both. It drive my Peavey cabinet with 2 - 12 and a horn great. John
The label on the adapter says 110-240. It has an IEC connector, but I only have a US plug with it. I'm not sure that answers your question, but I hope that helps.
The box as per the Nano Vypyr we have in the store says 15watts.
yes, comes with a power cord or can use 4 D-cell batteries
No, it is 100% nickel silver (silver plated) excluding the gold lip plate
Rich Lupo offers 2 years maintenance and my card from Gemeinhardt says the instrument is guaranteed to the original purchaser for a min of 3-5 yrs. From date of purchase, as registered, against defective material&workmanship excluding normal wear etc. .plated finish cannot be guaranteed against deterioration. Warrantyvdoes not include pads and only cover Gemeinhardt instruments or any authorized dealers. Hope this helps!
The manufacturer's warranty is now 5 years. The seller may offer an additional warranty through their shop.
this flute Is ready to play
I've tried standard, open D & G tunings with slide technique on the Honey Dipper. You should be very pleased with the guitar. As others have commented it is a heavy metal object, but that's where the sound you're looking for originates. Go for it.
This baby sound great. I've been recording with it and I'm very happy with the results. Can't be beat for the money and it looks cool
No
set up? My husband tuned it and off he went.
I am not sure who SKB is. If you have not purchased yet, I would purchase from Chicago Music Exchange (I believe they sell on Amazon). They have a compatible case (hard shell) and Gretsch sells a soft case for this guitar. Chicago Music Exchange will set up the guitar and make sure it is in perfect condition before shipping. Not all other retailers do that.
China
Having never player a National of any kind I cannot answer your question. I can tell you this: the Gretsch is loud and certain notes "ring" more than others. It is absolutely OOZING with character and I love it. If I were to have a complaint it would be its weight - damn, I think it's heavier than my Les Paul!
Oh yeah, no problem. It's very nice. Hold down three keys with left hand at same time, the sound is beautiful and play melody with right hand simultaneously. Works great just like a real piano. Very portable, not like my baby grand.
I wouldn't recommend this for any age group, very poor quality. You have to almost pound on the keys to get any sound out of it. I was very disappointed when my son opened it on Christmas morning and tried to play it.
USB Cable connects in the back and the other end can be connected to a computer USB Port or to a USB electrical adapter that plugs into the wall for power. You will need to purchase these seperately. Kirk B. answered on December 29, 2013
I don't know BC the seller sent me a defective keyboard with broken keys so I never got to actually use it. Sorry
no! we use usb port out of computer for power works very good for us!!
I think that you can I'm not sure. This is really a kids keyboard because it doesn't really sound authentic like a Yamaha would sound. It's like a karaoke keyboard.
I'm not sure haven't tried that but I can investigate and see if you can and get back to you
Yes it does. However, my book is quite thick and doesn't stay put as there isn't enough depth to the stand. A relatively thin book (half inch?) should work fine and so will sheet music.
Yes
About 3 feet long. Would fit on your table nicely without taking up too much room. The keys are smaller size too. This is a keyboard for beginners or children really. The sound and features are really nice though. Great quality for the price!
Yes.. this light kit is great
Waste of money they worked for three days
LEDs strips draw very low power, these strips consume appox. 1 Amp per 3.5 feet at 12 Volts. Most kits are 16.4 feet with a 12 Volt 5 Amp power supply. If you want to make your own custom length divide the total length by 3.5 then round it up to the next full number and that will give you the amps required at 12 volts. (Ex: 50' length divided by 3.5 = 14.3 round up to 15 Amp Power supply) Jim Carlson, Master Electrician
I had to buy a power cord
No its wired if you read the description. There is wireless versions as well.
It does have scoring.
I dnt think so i never tried but its not at all good.
Yes it has good variety of new & old songs. There are songs by Kishre kumar too.
Yes, I just took it to India and used it there.
I can but where is yours? You should have got a printed book with the system. Also, If you have an iPhone download the app, it is better than the printed list, as you can search the list.
I did some research on this system before and after buying it. As of now (March 2013), I could not find any add-on chips available for this system. Their web site says coming soon. Comparable chips in other languages are for $60-$70. There are 5 slots for additional chips to be installed in the mic itself.
I ordered this with the Blue Snowball, and it clamps to the tripod it comes with perfectly!
Almost 6 inches, it doesn't feel huge IMO.
If by built-in pop filter, you're referring to one of those foam sleeves that fits over the top of your mic, the answer is yes because this wind screen will do a better job than the foam sleeve. This is because the wind screen will disperse the air that will cause a pop at a greater distance from the microphone.
2 Btw the unit isn't very sturdy
It connects via screw clamp to standard mic stand shaft.
The bracket opens enough that you could.
It hasn't torn on us (yet). It stays in the office and is away from daily contact with it.
I'm not sure since you can see in the picture that the pop filter can be attached to a round stand. Looking at the Samson Meteor, it may be possible to attach it to one of the stands but it doesn't look a circular stand like for the Blue Snow Globe Mic. It may be difficult for your Samson Meteor.
The mount for this stand is for cylindrical bases only it won't mount to a flat surface.
I haven't had to clean mine yet but i would soak it in a mild solution of dish soap then lightly dab the dirt away. try not to rub too much the fabric might not hold up. good luck!
This is the one I sent back... it was badly made and didn't stand evenly. I got this one and love it. On Stage KT7800 Plus Padded Keyboard Bench
Min is set at mid-range which is 20 inches. Adjustable plus or minus an inch, or so. You can always use a pillow.
The amazon description says 225 pounds. It seems really sturdy.
Yes, you can adjust to 21'. Easy to use, just unscrew and adjust.
Hello. Yes, you can connect the audio feed from a computer, portable CD player, MP3 Player, etc. into this system. You can use it along with the two included microphones. You will need a cable (sold separately) that connects the computer or device to this. You could use a HOSA model CMP153 or similar to do this. You can find these on Amazon listing http://www.amazon.com/Hosa-CMP153-Cable-Inch-Dual/dp/B000068O3C, and they are available from Y2PLAY if you choose to purchase from us. Thank you for your interest!
Hello. This is a compact audio system and would be recommended primarily for indoor use and crowds of about 50-75 people. It could be used outdoors as long as conditions are dry, but again you would want to use only with smaller crowds. You would also want to consider the amount of area you need to cover with sound, as well as the existing ambient volume level around you. We would expect a rodeo to be loud and in a large arena, so you would most likely need a much larger, more powerful system. If you need to discuss possible options, please feel free to cal us and we would be glad to help! Y2PLAY - 1-800-695-4808. Thank you for your interest!
Perfect for use in a hall of that size... Thanks, Hugh 800-806-7774
Hello. The system includes two wired microphones. It has a total of four channels, and two of those would be available for additional microphones (you could use wired or wireless). You could also connect a line audio feed from a device such as a computer, tablet, or iPod (separate cable required). If you need any assistance selecting the right products for your needs, please contact us. Thank you for your interest!
Hello. This system runs at 100 watts into 4 ohm (2 x 8 ohm) speakers. Thank you for your interest!
Hello. The amplifiers provide a total of 200 watts of power (100 watts per side on each of two channels) and the speakers are rated at 100 watts power handling. Thank you for your interest!
I would say easily, this system certainly has the power
Yes. There is a line-in connection on the back of the amp.
Yes.
It depends. If you want it as a personal monitor or you're playing with a quieter drummer, then it will do, but it can't really compete with a loud drummer. I'd upgrade to the full lunchbox to be safe.
Not sure how but can tell you it's a great sounding amplifier. The sound clarity is truly amazing. So hope that I was a help in answering your question.
Hi Simon, it would work but probably wouldn't be the optimum. They make a similar amp, but especially designed for acoustics. You should take a look at their web site: www.ztamplifiers.com
There is a special USB port for the keyboard. USB 2.0 Type B plug on one end and the regular USB on the other for your computer, which does not come with the keyboard. Hope that helps.
No
No, but you can hook up your MP3 and play along with the songs, as well as use the voice pad to create sample beats.
Sound should go straight to headphones when you plug them into 'phones/output' jack.
i don;t see any If i dont like what i bought can i return it
There are 90 songs, "Twinkle twinkle little star" #1 and " March from "The Nutckracker" is #90.
I bought the charger - that plugs into socket -I do not use batteries
NO - you have to order that separately.
No, if your looking for one that has that feature, your probably going to be dishing out more money for a high end priced one..
Yes
It largely depends on what type of strips and how many you are going to run. If you check the strips you are going to use you will find that each has a wattage per foot or per strip rating (you can derive one from the other with simple math). If you were only going to run a single 5 meter double density strip of 300 LEDs (these consume 72 watts each) then you can use this supply: http://www.amazon.com/Adapter-Power-Supply-LCD-Monitor/dp/B003TUMDWG/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1396667411&sr=8-1&keywords=12v+power+supply If you want to run more strips (I am running 3 double density strips = 216 watts) then you can use this power supply: http://www.amazon.com/Universal-Regulated-Switching-Computer-Project/dp/B00D7CWSCG/ref=sr_1_6?ie=UTF8&qid=1396667411&sr=8-6&keywords=12v+power+supply There are other options as well. If you are handy an old PC power supply will do the same trick assuming you know how to wire it as a bench supply. I have some strips running with this arrangement and they work fine. BTW - the listing here is a bit misleading. the unit is rated for 144w yet in the bullets the mfg clearly states it will run 3 strips of 300 LEDs (double density). That's 216 watts. I have several of these and they run three strips with no problem and have been doing so for an extended period of time. Also recall the formula for converting Watts and Amps (this may come in handy if you don't already know it): P=V*I where P=watts, V = volts and I = Amps You can use 8 AA batteries as was answered by Heather - however, depending on the setting you use and the strips you connect those batteries will likely be dead in as little as 30 minutes or an hour. 8 AA batteries connected in series will get the correct volts but because of their size they carry only a small reserve of power (amp hours). They are each about 2 Amp Hours (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AA_battery} therefore with 8 there would be 16 amp hours. Since one strip consumes 6 amps (72 watts / 12 volts) then three strips would consume 18 amps (add another amp for the control unit). At 19 Amps with a battery array that only supplies 16 in an hour your batteries would be drained in about 45 minutes.
Rule #1 "There is NO such thing as TOO MUCH BASS." That device is EXTREMELY sensitive. You probably will be happy with it with the sensitivity control all the way down. If still too sensitive you can take the cover off and put a tiny piece of duct tape over the microphone. Good Luck. FEEL THE BASS!!!!!! BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!
I would consider checking the LED strip where/if you cut it. Also check the 12v connections to the box, both power in and LED strip out. If that is good try grounding the box possibly. I'm not completely sure for I did not have this problem. Did yours come with a User Manual?
Yes, I've done similar set ups, I used a weatherproof Hofmann electrical box with seal tight grommets to keep out the moisture. It's mounted in close proximity to an active sprinkler head and has performed without issue...when I need to use is. (Holidays only)
This controller won't "hook up" to any amp, etc., it works off its own microphone which picks up audio from the surrounding area. There is no "input jack" or any trigger inputs you could use with a guitar pickup. You'll need to look elsewhere if you need something like that, but it would probably work fine with the sealed version of LED strips (in the color you want), which you would purchase separately, and a 12v power supply, also purchased separately, which you would connect with bare leads that go into screw-terminal slots on this controller.
No, they operate the same
This control has two output of RGB you can connect the w to one or all three R-G-and B because both sides work together the w would turn on the same time as the color but it would work
With a supply of 6a 12v DC you can power up to 300 individual LEDs
Yes if there 12v DC and you wire it right because this control is designed for RGB so there is only one positive per side
I have hooked 3 up and it was 2 amp i have not tried 4 but it should work leds are very low power usage
I had no problem, you might want to check that the connector is set correct. You might want to play with the settings off your mic also. I will also do a couple of test settings and if I can duplicate the issue I will let you know.
This microphone will work for that but the quality will not be great. In order to capture the voice loud enough you would have to turn up the sensitivity in your camera which will add in a hissing noise. It will be alot better than the internal mic especially if your using a dslr.
No, if kept very well it shouldnt be a problem, just dont force the rubber bands to streth to hard.
Canon doesn't provide a standard cold shoe on their camcorders, so you need to purchase a little adaptor to get from the Canon "advanced" shoe to a standard cold/hot shoe. They are inexpensive and work fine. Then you can use this mic or other accessories with the Canon Vixia. I have both this mic and a Canon Vixia camcorder. Works great.
Yes
Yes it will stop the auto focus motor sound from being recorded. The high pass filter also does a grret job of cutting wind noises.
Been using it all summer with my D3200. Works like a charm!
I don't know if you read my review or not but mine came assembled wrongly, with a missing part and assembled backwards to boot. If yours is complete, whole and assembled properly, it will fit your camera fine. But be warned, the seller and company would not answer my emails and the product was useless until I manufactured my own shoe.
Yes, it works absolutely well with a Canon 70D.
I just use the one provided.
The keys lights up to know which keys to push. This helps in learning how to play. I actually purchased this and donated to my Mom's alzheimer activities coordinator. Mom was an organist for over 65 years and has alzheimer's and doesn't play anymore. The lights help stimulate her and is a sense of joy for her and her other companions on the floor.
Yes, I comes with a 110~220 volts power supply.
Yes. 1/4 inch.
Yes from what I know of keyboards. It is about the same as our upright piano.
I have not tried it yet. But the instructions indicated that you can by using a usb cable. Good luck.
Yes
I don't believe so - gift to relative.
yes any speaker cab will work fine they even make a 8 inch cab just for this amp but I like it better with a larger cab.
Probably. Is your broken amp a combo? Sometimes the speaker in a combo head is plugged in with a 1/4" jack just like what the output of this Orange amp has. You may be able to just plug it in and go. Worst case, you'll need to solder an extension cable from the speaker to a 1/4" jack to plug into the Orange.
INGLS Yes, it's made in china but it sounds great and definitely has that British tone.
No
Yes, you can. But with a poor sound quality
No effects loop on this one... However reverb or delay sounds just fine infront. it's not an "AMAZING" amp. but value for money, it's worth every penny in my mind. You get a true valve breaking in the comfort of your home or even a small gig (if you've got the suited cabinet for the event) Another thing I found (maybe you'll relate), is that you'll need to put a gate pedal on it, as it gets a bit dirty (of course depending on your used gear and all..) Hope this been helpful, Cheers and ROCK ON!
It's not made for that. If it is a short run with a balanced cable, straight from the amp to board it will probably be OK but if you are running into adapters, a snake, have a less than ideal cable, have noisy power, etc. then it will have problems. Also, this head can't be run without a cabinet or you will destroy it. Must have an ohm load in operation.
You need a cabinet, because the amp has to have an ohm load on it. If you want to just use headphones, you need a headphone amp.
4 min ohm amp, so 4,8,or 16 work great. But I found the best tone at 4 ohms
I love this little guy but more of an overdrive sound with just the amp. It will take pedals nicely so you could push it into more of a metal sound. Here is a great review that will show you some sounds (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XzDohmkXeJs)
My grand-kids are 3-8, however their parents also played with the drum set. My only suggestion is to buy a timer prior, so you won't have any issues with sharing
Yes it is!
This is a very small set - I'd say 18 inches or so - it's nice though- I would say 3-8 range for age - it's more for playing with than true drum music in my opinion
Yes it does
Not much at all. We hav a small room for our son as well. It fits perfectly in th corner Awesome buy!! so well built and looks amazing!
I would say 4-10 year olds were the target musicians for these little drum sets, maybe up to 12 but that might be a stretch (I say this because the drum set is very small, NOT because the product is too simple)
Yes, this product includes a receiver, a wireless transmitter, a microphone, and one lapel clip. I hope that answers your question.
your camcorder needs an external mic input first. these are often stereo inputs (1/8 inch tip/ring/sleeve connector). If so, then http://www.amazon.com/Hosa-Cable-CMP105-Inch-TRS/dp/B000068O3F/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1386024187&sr=8-1&keywords=1%2F4+mono+to+1%2F8+stereo. Some cameras have an XLR connector, in which case you can use this. http://www.amazon.com/GLS-Audio-Cable-Patch-Cords/dp/B003JJQMD8/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1386024241&sr=8-1&keywords=XLR+cable. But first, make sure you have external mic plug on your camcorder and confirm its size.
No it does not...and these are super noisy.
I ordered the Pro 501L which did include the microphone. It was well hidden in the packing and could have easily been thrown out with the packing.
No. You have to purchase on separately.
Hello, This system does require that you plug the receiver into an outlet for power and would not be suitable for use with a DSLR camera. Thank you.
it is a male xlr balanced low z output
You can only use one mic with this unit.
Did you check the volume control on the sound output? It may be you need to run it through a sound system/board to get control over volume and other dynamics. We use a mic cord plugged into an amplifier system.
Yes, is is the right type (small Omni lapel style mic), but a small, micro headworn mic would sound infinitely better. Questions? Call The Sound Professionals at 800-213-3021
Hello, Normal plastic straps
Usually yes it comes with straps but maybe not with the gig bag
Yes if it says gcf it is but they also make a fa tone as well fbeb
You have to have fire wire port
Yes, although you'll have to download it. A full download is something like 5 gigs.
It comes with both 10 & 11.
Indeed it does!
Hi Jonathan. Yes it does cime with the ilok. You download the prootols and the activated. Just follow tge instrutions.
Yes
Yes
Shld come with adapter to do both
No it does not!!
Yes. I have this exact setup and it runs fine.
That's actually a good question. I looked into different materials before I plunked down my coin. The differences (to my ears) was negligable. If there was a miniscule difference, it could be adjusted with the guitar and/or amp. From what I determined, it's simply a matter of personal choice. I went with alder.
Indonesia. Not a bad guitar for someone just getting started, but if they become serious about playing, they will definitely want to upgrade.
Yes. I think it would be very good. I bought it for my 50 year old husband. It has everything for a beginner.
No setup required other than tuning.
No it does not.
The gig bag that is included with the guitar pack is a fabric bag. Let me know if you have any other questions. Best regards, Justin Great Southern Music
It was a Fender Frontman 10G.
Yes. It is a full size guitar .
Not sure what your questions is.
The amp has clean/overdrive, but if you are looking for any real distortion I'd suggest getting a standalone distortion pedal
No assembly required.
It gives you some info if you are a novice like me, but it gave me some pointers.
It's for someone who is right handed - plays frets with the left hand.
It's the same
The guitar came with an amp, tuner, whammy bar (?), cord, strap, soft case...its a nice package.
Sorry, but Fender does not allow US Retailers to ship there product outside the US...
Amazon uses their own pictures only. Thank you, Adam GTRSTORE 646-460-8472
This is a full size guitar. Please contact me with any other questions. Thank you, Adam GTRSTORE 646-460-8472
Yes
Yes
Yes. I have the iPad 4 and it fits. Most of the holders are adjustable. Mine fits with the protective iPad cover on it also.
It is custom fit to an iPad 2. You'd have to contact manufacturer to see if they make one that will fit.
it fits perfectly with no case, very tight which is what you want, I had issue at first, I have a tech 21 case and front dispaly protector, easily removed, I was going to motify quik lok but I decided against it, very good ipad holder I recommend it. I hope this helped
To be safe email their customer support. I had a similar question and they responded quickly.
Yes, they fit my KRK Rokit 5s and my M-Audio M8-3s both very well. Should not have a problem with LSR 305 or 308. BTW, these are very nice units. Have them under my 5's now on my desk and my 8s midfield on some floor stands and Mopads.
Large. IsoAcoustics actually provides a chart pairing a vast number of studio monitors to their recommended model: http://www.isoacoustics.com/files/chart_imperial.pdf
Indirect answer. Based on my research, the A5+ are smaller dimensionally and much lighter than the KEF LS50s. I'm using them under the KEFs and they work like a charm. So Im thinking you are good to go.
I've had no problem with mine. I've got them tall and tilted.
Yes, ISO-L8R155 is the recommended model for JBL LSR305. If you go to the IsoAcoustics website (www.isoacoustics.com) look for the link 'Choose the ISO-L8R stand for your speakers' which displays a chart showing which stand is recommended for many models of speaker. If your speaker isn't listed you can get an idea from the dimensions of similar speakers, or contact the helpful staff at IsoAcoustics.
Yes it is for a pair.
Not the KEF's, but speakers of slightly smaller footprint (9" x 8.5") and 4lbs less weight on a desktop. However, I have used them with MUCH larger floor speakers (Cerwin-Vega RE-30's and old Polk Monitor 7b's) and they handle the weight just fine. I would say these are the perfect size stands/isolators for your KEF's. As a side note, I find the ISO-L8R155 to be a very valuable tool in general. I haven't had them under a set of speakers that they couldn't handle. Hope this helps.
Get the ISO-L8R155.
The idea is to use these on desktop monitors. The Polks are large, floorstanding speakers. The IsoAcoustics will be too small in comparison to your speakers. Since you need bigger stands, you should have a look at IsoAcoustics Modular Series: http://www.isoacoustics.com/modularseries.php
Probably not.
It's large enough for a tenor ukulele. I think a mandolin will fit.
I don't think a full size violin would sit comfortably in it.
I have a baritone ukulele and tried it, no it will not work. The body of the baritone goes above the top of the arch of the hola holder. Maybe they would make a new style for you?
Yes, they fit nicely.
Yes. I do this frequently. :-)
Is it a soprano uke though?
There is a chart right at the top of this page. It could not be simpler. Just look up you uke's length. You have 3 choices in lengths.
Some of the reviews say it fits their soprano uk perfectly. With its heavy padding there must be some give and take. Many are pleased with the padding and quality. Give it a try. You can always send it back.
I would suggest reading reviews for the best answer. Size is probably fine. It is a real instrument and not designed for abuse. The case that comes with it is useless. If he is a young protg, you may also want to consult a music store regarding the strings. My son uses this for band at school and it's worked well and his instructor said it was good for now.
My Hola soprano Uke fits in it nicely. I have not measured it. It is a well padded zip up case with a zip up storage area on the front of the case. That storage that can hold my Hola fold up plastic well padded uke stand and my Snark tuner and a Kazoo. It is a great soft well padded case wiht a carry handle and a should strap thei is adjustable..I have no trouble with the zippers. The case has protected my Hola Soprano Uke very well.
It won't fit. Most of the Lanakai tenor ukelele has a dimension of 26.2 x 9.4 x 3.2 inches. The 24 inch bag dimension is: 25.8 x 9.1 x 4.3. I have a concert ukelele from Kala MK-C, it barely fit this bag. Hope this help!
Yes
It has the smaller house shaped one.
It's not really a starter kit but I'm using it as a starter. I think this might be a little too much to handle for a 10 year old though. It has a lot of different presets and takes a little bit of time to get used to it. If you do plan on buying acoustic drums or better drums in the near future.. I'd recommend going for something cheaper to learn. I hope this answers your question.
It's electronic peace, you can add everything you want
110 volts
yes it does an responds great
Yes, it folds up nicely for storage.
Yes
Yes
When i ordered my set it came with some really cheap ear buds. I tossed them. I use a set of studio over the ear headphones and the sound is great. If you're only getting sound on one side make sure the cable is plugged in all the way. Other than that try a different set of buds or phones. If you're only getting one side on multiple phones or buds it might be a problem with the module. Hope this helps.
Weight on a bass or a guitar is extremely difficult to give as no two basses would weight the exact same. Wood, even when cut from the same source, isn't the same amount of dense in the same areas. Which is why you tend to get an approximate shipping weight of a bass instead of the bass itself. Most companies don't weight each item individually and keep that information on record, I can assure you though, this weight on Amazon is extremely skewed. Shipping weight for these I've seen is anywhere between 18- 24lbs. I will say that the weight does not include the a case, so you may want to take that into consideration when judging the girth of this bass. I do apologize I don't have more information for you. You may be able to get more the Gretsch directly.
Here's the link: http://www.amazon.com/Gretsch-G6297-Long-Scale-Hollowbody/dp/B00B3W6VQG/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1378412748&sr=8-1&keywords=G6297
The case for the item is the Gretsch G6297 hardshell case. Search G6297 on Amazon. or we can special order them in for you. Thanks, My Music Life
Smoke detectors: Yes, but it takes ALOT of smoke to cause that, have fans circulating air in the room and it will help it keep from building up. No to the sticky residue, that mostly depends upon the solution you are using. Stick with the recommended fog and you should be fine, same for food.
I just purchased a 5 pin MIDI cable from eBay to extend my remote, and it works perfectly.
110 -120V AC
Yes
The manual for the 901 states, "The Hurricane 901 can operate with the optional wireless remote control (model FC-W). This control allows the user to start and stop the fog output manually without the limitations of the wired remote controls." If that is the remote you are referring to then, yes.
It comes with a small amount of the fog liquid, but any fog machine liquid should work. Any store that sells dj equipment should have it, like music stores, Wal-Mart sells it, especially around Halloween, rental stores might have it for sale as well.
it comes with the remote.it is still coiled up as i dont use that,but it looks like it may be 15` or better.not positive of the length.
Yes they are, it's a full size keyboard, I don't really use it, I bought it for my brother but he loves it, he plays several musical instruments and he thinks it is a great keyboard with a lot of functions. Hope this helps.
Yes, it can be connected to a Mac or iPad and used with Garageband, or to a Windows computer and used with DAW software.
may need speakers...but yes....upper register in piano weak...everything else is great.
Yes. However I'm not prepared to give you all the info! It's in the instructions!
What is the question?
Yes
does not come with charger. yes, it has Arabic beats.
You can hook it up to a speaker, but not with USB-- you just use an audio cable to connect a speaker (or a pair of speakers for stereo) to the keyboard's "HEADPHONES/OUTPUT" jack.
No, Yamaha recommends that you not use rechargeable batteries with their keyboards.
From the little I know of portamento and legato (I am a novice piano player), I would say that the piano supports these features. However, if you are referring to explicit features (i.e., something you explicitly set on the piano), I have looked at the users guide and there is no reference to either portamento or legato.
Yes it would, I have the same set.
I don't remember it coming with sticks, I bought a stick bundle and a stick holder that clamps onto the cymbal stand.
Yes, there is a tightening screw that allows you to adjust and reposition the metal pole that holds the toms. Both height and angle are adjustable
None. Had to go online and find printable instuctions for putting together a 5-piece drum set.
It is an awesome drum set. It should fit on a reasonable size area rug. Actually will help it stay in places lot better.
It's one box. Roughly 3 square feet.
Yes. And it is an awesome set!
It is a good set for the money. As a starter adult set it would be fine.
I'm sorry Raja but I do not know the answer.
I don't know maybe fifty pounds
It was definitely smaller than we anticipated- my then 7 year old daughter has some fun with it, it did not last very long, the hardware to support the drums was very cheap-the screws stripped after about 1 month- through the set away after 6 months
I bought this set last year for my 3 year old grandson. He is 4 now and still plays with it, although he is quickly physically outgrowing it.
No, this drum set is too small for a seven year old boy.
Yes.
I'd like to know this as well.
The bottom legs stick backward 4 inches more than the top legs. Bottom rail is 22" deep. Top rail is 20" deep. Total distance I have from the wall to is 24.5".
yes
Adjustable height: 23"~35 1/4" Adjustable width: 24 1/2"~40" It seems pretty accurate when I put it on the lowest seems to be about 2 feet tall
Yes it will fit. The top supports are 20" long, so they will stick out a bit either in front or behind. I have my P-105 all the way to the front of the supports-no problem with balance. Mine is set at 30" wide, so your piano will fit. It's very sturdy.
It is !!!
Cynthia this is a very strong stand you will not have any problems with this product.
20"
This stand does not collapse or fold. However, it is quite easy to disassemble the center support with the proper allen wrench (two allen screws).
I don't recommend this part if you have the original floyd rose, Quality is bad, unable to keep your guitar tune.. I took advantage of a recent trip to U.S and bought a decent one... ( $140 ) so don't waste your time and money
look online there are many sites that show how to do this also it is the same bridge as Floyd rose
No. They use regular tremolo bridges, this is a double locking tremolo system. Some people adapt the guitars but you have to cut through the timber (carpenters only)
You have to cut off the ball end of the string, just as you would with a real Floyd Rose. The string end is clamped in by a set screw on the bridge saddle.
No. If you look closely at your Ibanez you will see that your Licensed Floyd Rose has rounded corners, this licensed unit has angled corners. It would line up correctly on the posts, but in order to make it fit you would have to re-route the guitar top or grind the angle off the Floyd Rose plate.
A dean Evo Tevo I did all of the routing myself :D
No. The tremolo unit on this guitar is a fender modified licensed Floyd rose tremolo and most likely built by Schaller. You will need to find one of similar build. The problems too, as you may be aware are that these guitars were build during a transitional period for Fender guitars and so there were many different styles and types of builds. The only good thing being that most of the Floyd Rose Tremolo units were made by Schaller and so you may be able to obtain replacement parts or units that will fit from them.
Just one!
These are about the same as Gammon drums in regards to quality. I am happy with these as a beginner.
Yes
I did a search on google: How to put a drum set together. Found this site: http://www.musicdistributorsworldwide.com/DrumSetInstructions.htm
Snare head=14 in.; Kick head=22 in.;Tom heads=16in., 12in., and 10 in.; Crash cymbal=14in.; hi-hat=12 in. (No Ride Cymbal)
yes, it is a GREAT deal, buy it, then get cymbals on EBAY or contact me
yes a drum expert came over and built them for me WOW it is a great set wish I bought 2 sets when I had this low low price seriously, GET IT
the diameter of the toms, as you can imagine, is slightly bigger that the heads that fit inside them, this is why the sizing seems off. its measuring the diameter of the tom shell not the head size. the .5 inches is the shell around it that makes it that much bigger than the heads themselves, if that makes sense.
bro this broke in matter of months get 1 thats like 600 to 1000 dollars so it aint cheap and doesent break easily
The size for snare is 14". The toms are 12", 13", and 16". Hope that helps
i used staple gun to attach directly to beams, then put 1" raisers ( metal channel) to separate drywall from beams. this gives air space, same on ceiling, but you def need several people as it is very heavy.
I would just remove the door knobs and layout the vinyl on it to mark the hole on the vinyl corresponding to the door knobs. You can then and use a box cutter to cut out the hole for the door knobs and drill the holes through it to match the holes in your door for the knob. I am assuming you are going to put the vinyl on the face of the door (facing the sound source), I would not put any vinyl on the edge as it would make it very difficult to close the door. Depending on what your are trying to dampen you could consider sound dampening paint on the sound source (e.g., a compressor or equipment enclosure). To attach the vinyl you can use contact cement, apply to both, the door face and the vinyl let it stand for bit and then press the vinyl on to the door face. Use a rubber roller or a kitchen rolling pin to even it out. Even with the vinyl,some sound from the sound source will escape around the door edges (especially &lt;30 Hz [low rumbling]). You may consider using rubber door seals on the sound source side to kill the remaining sound, Hope this helps.
Yes! That's exactly what we did. We used electrical tape to secure it in place.
It would help more than just a bit, however you have to know if the cardboard is strong enough to hold the weight of the MLV (1 pound per sf)
2.6mm. Also, I must say that it can not attenuate low frecuencies. Nothing at all. It only attenuates high frecuencies. A neighbour has an air conditioned, and its compressor noise is impossible to mitigate.
I used this in a Yamaha jet boat engine compartment and have found it to have helped. The material is very flexible material and pretty easy to cut so you fit to various sizes. But, you need to mount it to something. It's almost like a blanket from a flexibility standpoint, and is pretty heavy. 1 thing to consider is the heat in the engine compartment, I believe Acoustiblok is 200F, which I had thought this was when I bought it. Anyway, I have not had problems, but made sure not to be touching the engine. Hope this helps.
Yes absolutely, just remember it's quite heavy and you want as solid of a barrier as possible. Every little cut, hole, etc will allow more noise through.
possibly, but it's going to take a lot of expensive MLV. you won't be able to determine any benefit until most or all of your side of the wall is covered. sound transmission like this is hard to stop. you might test it out first by buying a few square feet of MLV first and just hold it up between your ear and the wall to see if it makes a difference. you are on the right track, adding any kind material which adds significant additional mass to your side the wall will help stop the sound transmission. if you own the condo, a cheaper option in the long run might be to have additional layers of run of the mill gypsum wallboard or sheetrock (not 'light-weight' or 'ultra-light', you want the heavy stuff here) added to your side of the shared wall. I've seen a total of 2,3 even 4 layers of wall board used if long enough fasteners are used. If you can spare the permanent loss of a few more inches of floor space, to have built a new floating wall, close to but not touching the existing wall and mechanically isolated from the floor and ceiling as well, then surfaced with the new 2 or 3 layers of new wall board -- separate walls is a common sound proofing technique for shared walls like yours in the original construction. you can get a sense of this by getting a 2' square piece of sheetrock from your local big-box home store (typically sold for wall repairs) and do the same 'hold up between your ear and the noisy TV wall' test. Good luck.
Yes it can be cut. I cut the vinyl in 5" wide strips to cover two areas in my office.
It's worth a try. I covered my living room wall with this to dampen neighbor's noise. It dampens the noise from outside by maybe 20-30 percent.
Maximum loudness the mic can capture without distortion. Hope this helps.
Phantom power is needed for it to perform at peak performance. You can always add a behringer ps400 phantom power supply to your set up and it will take care of the issue. I think they are about $20 on amazon.
Hi It needs phantom power to turn on
Nope, you need a pre' amp interface usb like from m-audio . You will get way better quality. But there are some good usb mic out there on amazon.
Obtained gage from bassist friend- radius appears to be 14". He found gage at TuneMyBass.com. RF
Not that I am aware of....just sanding to fit right now.
The nut that comes with it needs to be replaced anyway i just received mine 2 days ago and the nut is not on it's wrapped separately i ordered a new nut to replace so i don't see a issue the neck is pretty decent considering the price just the nut is pretty crappy i am going to buy more of these if that helps
The head stock is unfinished. the fret board has a very thin coat of lacquer on it. This neck was so thick and heavy I would not buy it again....
Hi Shane, the nut is cut but the mounting holes in the back to connect it to the body are not pre-drilled and there are only 21 frets and not 22 as advertised. I wouldn't buy it again and have never used it.
Yes, the nut and frets are the only hardware included.
Jumbo frets. But you should research setting a guitar neck before you buy. I ran into much trouble with mine. P.S. Don't forget always pre-drill holes in wood. and the string (bone) hold on the neck before it gets to the machine heads must be filed down to fit the strings inside it properly. And do not forget about truss rod adjustment. Alot of work for this neck if you choose to try doing this yourself. Just thought you should know. I threw in the towel and ended up buying a new guitar.
Aloha, Most squire's have a neck pocket's that are the same that neck you are asking about. What year and country is your squire made . There are many variables in the squire's neck pocket .So email me the year and were it was made. Hope this helps. Looking forward to your reply. ROCK ON !!!
There are many kinds of machine heads can work on this neck. Here is the link of mine:
Yes will work on any neck pocket that's 2 3/16ths wide
Oh it picks up bass all right, just make sure you can control it because it will be loud!
I was also worried about damaging my violin when I was looking through possible pickups to buy -that is the beauty if this pickup design; its doesn't involve invasive installation, and can be removed at any time. Attached to the mike (the disk shape with the Cherub logo imprint) is the spring-loaded, crescent-shaped arm that you pull back and slip inside the F hole of your instrument. The arm holds the mike in close contact with your instrument, but doesn't damage it in any way. The fact that I didn't have to alter my instrument at all was the deciding factor in my purchasing the Cherub pickup. Its quick and easy to use! I'm not sure how the sound quality compares with other, more expensive pickups -but the rest of my band can certainly hear me now.
I Have, and does two have the same lengt. I used a female to female 1/4" of a inch adapter ok?
8 feet
Excellent question! I've been using this Cherub on my violin for a while now, and it works great. Today I shopped for a mandolin at the Guitar Center and brought this exact pickup with me to try it out on different mandolins. I settled on a Washburn mandolin with an oval hole, and it sounds beautiful even without amplification. This pickup will go in the oval-hole, and it sounds great, BUT the clamp part sticks up a little too close to the strings and you end up hitting it with the pick sometimes. I considered taking the spring clip off and just taping the pickup part down near the hole with some of that easy off painter's masking tape. But, I haven't done that yet as I saw another Cherub pickup that is supposedly made for guitars with round sound holes and it looks like it doesn't stick up as much. I just ordered that model. If that still is too close to the strings I'm going to try the tape method. The model of Cherub pickup is WCP-60G. Which, I guess is G for guitar as opposed to the WCP-60V for violin. I can't imagine there's anything different about the pickup, only the style of the clip. The violin clip has a loop part on a spring which meets the pickup from inside the instrument. The guitar model looks like it just clips on. I figured these are cheap enough to try both.
It's not a microphone in the traditional sense but this pickup clips to your violin and then you plug the phono jack end in to your amp, powered speaker, or audio interface. We find that it works better than a microphone. The price is ridiculously low but for us it has been perfect for my friend's violin.
Havent used it yet. I am a beginner. Was going to put it on the right. Sorry I'm no help.
Yes and it is very sensitive too..for the money you can't go wrong......more expensive ones out there yes... This will serve the purpose and give you an idea if this is what you really want
Yes. You will have to connect it through a pre-amp to your recording device.
I play it through my guitar amp. The chord is damn flimsy so be careful! Sound is good, if you can use a preamp or sound processor with reverb it helps a ton. A direct box should work just fine. It's way easier and sounds better than micing it IMHO. If you push the levels of your PA system you may run into feedback issues. Run a dress rehearsal and find the best spots on stage that don't feedback. Again that chord is very flimsy, one trip and it's game over. Have a backup plan like a microphone just in case.
A regular mic stand is exactly what you would need if you wish to mount the theremin on a stand. If the stand has a retaining nut, please remove the nut before mounting the theremin. It will slip over the threads and sit snugly on the stand. Please be aware that a stand is not required, although it can be a welcome addition. You can play this instrument as a tabletop model. Thanks!
5mm
I believe it is
Yes! Our instruments are built with guitar amps in mind as they are the most plentiful and economical. Enjoy the music! Burns Theremins
To power for the theremin you need an AC-AC convertor, because the theremin has a US type plug, also a guitar amp and a guitar lead to connect the theremin to the amp. It then works fine. It is advisable to have a stand for the theremin and the type will to some extent depend on whether you want to play it standing up or sitting down.
The volume antenna (loop) is permanently attached on the B3 Deluxe, and Original (smaller theremin). However, you only need to turn the volume all the way up, and point the volume loop end of the instrument away from you to use it as a pitch only theremin. Better still, check out Burns Theremins pitch only theremins. They're much cheaper. :)
No the circuitry should be the same. The longer shape is worth the extra money in my opinion... depends on what you're looking for. They are great products though and if you contact the maker they are always VERY helpful. In my case my friends kept destroying my power supplies, and they helped me get back up and running. They are a great business and I would recommend these theremins highly. They sound better than the Moog theremin I tried out, more 'natural' in tone whereas the Moog would need a good amp or EQ to sound as good. Just my opinion.
I'm sorry, but the answer is 'no'. USB is a 5 volt system whereas the B3 Deluxe Theremin requires a minimum of 12 volts to play properly.
Yes they are. Nice and quiet.
I am very sorry but I have no idea as I gave these to my son in the UK for his birthday and I live in America.
I'm really not sure, I used them on a custom build. They are four wire which allows for many wiring options. I wired them with another single coil pickup and a five way selector, tone, and volume. As far as sound, they are pretty hot! I really like em.
I have not finished on my project yet, the shipment came from Germany with the store's web address on the envelope, I don't know how they sound, but I compare them with a set of dragonfire from guitarpartsonline.com or a set from guitarfetish.com I bet they should sound good, Wilkinson is a good brand from England, I have a Wilkinson tremolo in my Carvin, I was thinking that they are cheap because they are built in China, but like I said the shipment came from Germany, I have to finish my project and check them out, the tremolo in my Carvin cost $150, but that's an original U.S. Wilkinson tremolo, I don't know about the pickups, I got these because the brand + the economical prize. Lace is a good brand too! Both are great if they are original, some Fender Jaguars uses Lace
I prefer nitro. This particular neck comes with a light coat of sealer, it is compatible with laquer. If you reshape the back, and I recommend it because it's a little too thick, you'll burn through it anyway. After you get the final shape sand it up to 320 grit but just scuff the fret board with Scotch-brite. Seal the whole thing with Behlens vinyl sealer then scuff it with 320. If you burn through the vinyl apply another coat. After that apply 2-3 very light coats of Behlens nitrocellulose lacqer to the fret board (frets and all) and 6-8 coats to the back and head-stock. If you want a colored finish you can add trans-tint dye to the lacquer to make it a toner.
No. Neck & fretboard are pre-finished.
Aloha, the neck pocket is a little narrower than this replacement neck. The heal is also squared like a Telecaster . As long as the guitar has a regular tremolo not a Floyd rose it should work. The fret board radius on the Falcon is much flatter than the replacement neck.Falcon has a 15-12 inch radius. The replacement has a 9.5 radius. Good luck I have used many necks from this seller. The quality is consistent.The fret wire is Okay. For the price it's hard to beat.
Gary, You are correct. I bought a couple of these necks and the tele neck does have a rounded heel. But that was what I was looking for as I was building a custom guitar that required the rounded heel but wanted a tele type headstock. I must say that the necks are very good quality. I have purchased a couple of their strat necks as well and have been very happy with them.
yes,no problem....enjoy it.....
Fretwork was tight , I went over it lightly out of habit. If they're all like mine then you cant lose. Im comparing this to necks already on guitars as this is the first neck Ive ever purchased new. Ive been playing about 20yrs only builing since last year, hope that helps.
Yes
Radius 12 and medium jumbo. It is great after my luthier did his magic on it. So expect to have to have work done. For the price, it was worth it.
My neck has a 12in radius and medium jumbo frets. Not too shabby for the price.
It doesn't come from the factory with rack ears. However, it might be possible to install them if you're handy with a drill and a screwdriver - I'm sure I could probably make it work if I needed to.
I never did I got a 8 by 10 but I know some one else. Who has two cabs and they do it so yes you can
You can daisy chain two 8 ohm cabs. They would equal 4 ohms which is the max.
Yea it does its really neat
The BXD3000H operates at 300 W @ 4 Ohms or 180 W @ 8 Ohms.
Hey there, The answer of your question is "Yes it will work as long as the info I got for the cabinet you have - 2x10" 4 ohm speakers.
There are over 20 Early Reflection and Delay (echo) Effects built in. And other combinations of effects that have echo in them.
Nope ! It comes with Country/Region Specific Voltage Adapters.
The signal routing in these mixers are not great, i had to make a work around by connecting directly to my pc when i want to listen to the tracks while recording
Depends on the source of the noise. I can only say that my rig has no apparent noise caused by the mixer itself. I use Senheiser mics, guitars straight in, drum machines and synths.
You should connect the headset mic to the XLR or 1/4" input on channel 1 or 2 and use the gain control for optimum input.
The QX1002USB does not have a built in "classic" noise gate function although you could use the built in one-knob compressor to smooth out (i.e. compress) audio on channels 1 and 2. There is also a low-cut filter to remove low frequencies from channels 1 and 2. If you need a "classic" noise gate to mute a channel when there is no live signal coming to a channel, you need to buy a separate a unit and put it in front of the channel mix. I hope this helps.
Sure! I don't see why that would matter.
Dear Mike, all effects are REAL TIME and off course you will hear everything real time, no processing lag et al. Don't worry about effects, you just need to use the right one for the right occasion. Now I have enough experience with this mixer to answer your questions. Could you please tell me the purpose of buying it?
It requires auxilliary power. USB won't power it. But it comes with a power pack.
No, the MIDI output of your synth does not send audio, it's just for control signals. This mixer does not have any MIDI capabilities. To get sound from your synth to this mixer, you'd need to connect the audio outputs (1/4" or whatever your synth has) to the 1/4" inputs of this mixer with appropriate cables/adapters.
hello, yes, these speakers are very powerful, the downside is that they bring much static noise, so you must make a good EQ and use a maximaizer, that's my recommendation, I have one of these speakers to sell, what I used twice, if you're interested. I hope my answer will help.
i would say a dance hall full of people. max sustained power is, about 1000 rms per speaker. using max rms volume you can put them on "tripod speaker stand" above peaple ears, or risk hearloss.
You can connect anything. Yes you can connect a ipod. The mixer that I use is Gemini.
No, the speaker doesnt charge an ipod, you can plug the ipod to the speaker using adapters though
Yes.
Yes.
On all your questions there is one answer: YES (including if they need to be powered up for chain)
I havent tried it on 220. Best thing to do is ask for a 220 v version or buy a power voltage converter
Yes
Yes, its bidirectional, you can monitor while recording, there is a button called usb2crtl there you switch between whats mixed and what is comming from the computer and send it to your control room or headphones
I got one from a japaneese store so it came with a 100v adapter, those are no autovoltage so I needed a transformer. US version should com with a 120v adapter. No housing case. It has a usb port to output the mixed audio so no u-control is needed
if a friend comes with everything, charger included
Sorry, I bought it for someone else, dont know about this system
Behringer Model #MXUL6
Yes, from the spec: "MIC - Each mono input channel offers a balanced microphone input via the XLR connector and also features switchable +48/+15 V phantom power supply for condenser microphones".
one track for both
Yes...you could do that. I would run the piano into Line 1 in with either a XLR or 1/4" plug (assuming you want a mono signal in) depending on what the output of your piano is. If your piano supports stereo out; then you use either Line 2/3 or Line 4/5 for your inputs. If you're using a laptop or ipod (Laptop would probably be better because you can use the USB bus as an input) because the whole point of using the Q502USB is being able to get a stereo signal out of a laptop (I use a stereo output from my MacBook Pro) and it sounds great. Each channel has a "Balance" or "Pan" that allows you place your signal where you want it in the mix. For example, if you have backing tracks playing, they are likely already correctly balanced in the mix, so you'd probably only play with the balance of your piano. Maybe you'd prefer them toward the "right' in the stereo mix, or perhaps you'd rather hear it toward the "left" or directly in the middle. The Xenyx Q502USB allows you to put it where ever you want. I'm using it in exactly the same manner that you're looking for, it sounds like to me. I use the 1/4" Line 1 In - plugging my guitar into it and then have Blues tracks playing in iTunes on the MacBook (via the USB port) and plug headphones into the line out to listen. In your case, there are stereo RCA plugs for the output to your "sound system". Although, you would also have the 1/4" (headphone jack) stereo out, if you'd prefer. It's a solid piece of audio equipment and for less than $100, I think you'll be very pleased. Give me a consultants credit on your first album, if you don't mind (and 1% of the gross would be great as well!).
Nope
Yeah It will Work, It ha san universal pluggin than will make it work in any software
Hi, Jordan, i use it With Mac OS, with Mac default driver and i don't have problem, verify the cables or plug
It kind of depends on the program that you are using but if you look at this 2 black buttons where it says USB/ 2-Track then don't put the main mix on. Maybe its different with other Softwares, but I'm shure if you try around a lil bit with them 2 buttons you'll get it done.
I haven't noticed any significant latency with the headphone monitor, especially for monitoring directly from the mixer. Additionally, while using it to monitor audio from my PC I haven't noticed anything significant. I would like to note that I have been using my Q502 in a Windows 8.1 64-bit environment.
Hi, The manual says "They enable you to use the greatly extended dynamic range of your 24-bit/192-kHz HD recorder to the fullest, thereby maintaining optimal audio quality But the specs say usb 48 khz Guess you'll have to call Behringer on that one.
Yes, it is compatible with Cubase. The mixer will be recognized by your computer as a STEREO input device (because all 5 inputs are mixed down to two channels). This means that you will not be able to record each of the 5 inputs independently in Cubase (you would want an audio interface like the Native Instruments Komplete Audio 6 if you wanted to do something like that).
I haven't tried it, but I would think you would need to convert from your RCA to 1/4" banana plug type adapters such as the Hosa Cable GPR101 RCA To 1/4 Inch TS Adaptor - 2 Pack. (Search it on Amazon). You need to connect it as an audio source, the RCA plugs on these don't seem to do much but give you sound through the headphones coming back in so for example if you were using a metronome to keep time while laying down a bass groove, you wouldn't actually be passing that metronome click back through to your recording, just the headphones...
No, the USB/RCA "returns" can be sent to the Headphones or Control Room Output; but not as an Input that can be actively mixed. This return is more of a confidence audio return.
Yes, according to the Behringer Website, it is included with select products (which the Q1202USB is included). I use mine in live production, so I don't know if it is any better or worse that free/open source software that is also available.
It is compatible, you just need to go into the preferences and change the audio in to the mixer source name. (I own one and use it for podcasting).
Yes
Just the main out. If you wanted to play 3 or 4 channels but only record 1 or 2 of them, you can't do that with this mixer.
Well it does come with a power brick to power the device, and/or this does have phantom power to power condenser microphones.
Yes it sure is. Exactly what I use it with.
With some creativity, yes. The mixer is 2 Track - Stereo. You can PAN sources to the Left or Right. Most Multi-Track Recording sessions I have experienced (very, very limited), we have only recorded one source at a time - this was with a very expensive Pro-Tools Studio with far more expensive mixer/control surface. (Although it could have been a limitation of our facility.)
I have no idea what that means... Please rephrase that.
Yes, you have two more channels where you can plug in sources with a 1/4 inch jack. I use a 1/4 to 1/8 inch adapter to add in Skype audio through Line In 3/4.
Download the driver from this website http://www.behringer.com/EN/Products/Q802USB.aspx Once you had it, connect your mixer to the USB port on your computer and install the driver. (the mixer needs to be plugged in when installing the driver) Your computer should recognize the mixer after installing the drive. Good luck!
That is correct.
You can only plug in XLR and the larger microphone inputs. You have to purchase a adapter to plug in a 3.5mm plug.
Depending on OS, you would need to select audio source. Skype has Audio settings where you can select where audio is coming from and where it is going to. Both MacOs and Windows recognize this mixer perfectly fine.
It does not have turntable pre-amps. But if your turntable has regular line outputs, no problem.
120 Volts, 60 Hz.
yes it has it own phantom power build in but you have to be plug in to wall with the power supply come with not threw usb
Hi there. You can do that if you use Behringer as an input device for the microphone and as an output device for your computer. Then the audio should go to your receiver via hdmi from your computer.
No, you do not need to use USB. The compressor and EQ are individually adjustable for each channel. The compressor is like a minimal Compressor with only one knob for adjustment which allows you to add more or less compression. No adjustment for Attack, Release, etc.
Yes it does.
At the base of the guitar where the strap attaches.
Yes! All of our guitars come pre-strung from the manufacturer.
There's an adapter that connects the two separate rca's togetherr
No,buy a transmitter
The usb is not a charging port.
Bettet to get another model I ordered first one through a 3rd party at amazon didnt work it was defective I send it back and got another one through Amazon same model and gave me alot of problems do not recommend it theirs another model through pyle that is very good.
Hello we have this speaker and we used it for our renewal ceremony. We used a "Y" Cable that ran from our laptop to the speaker and it worked very well. You can find it in any radio shack or electronic store or even walmart. I hope this helps.
We bought the WK 225 and love it. It is perfect for what we needed. My daughter is 8 years old and started to take piano lessons. We have had no problems with it. She can switch between her teachers piano and her keyboard without any issues.
The keys are a decent combination of the feel of weighted keys, while being touch sensitive at the same time. I use this keyboard for my music-writing pass-time/hobby and like the feel of it very much.
The square shapes on the picture in the top left and top right are the speaker panels. Not sure how big the actual speakers, but it has decent volume.
Yes if is
I have noticed it not only on this keyboard but other cheaper quality keyboards I had in the past. This is not common better models.
Yes, I had purchased a pedal for this keyboard and plugs in the back
Yes, you can!
I haven't experienced this issue but I'm sure I will at some point. My issue is with a buzzing sound when pressing two keys down at the same time. Casio doesn't have a repair shop close to my house, the nearest one was an hour away so I didn't repair it. Good luck!
No, it is 110.
Not much, I can lift it, but I don't know exactly. Can the weight be estimated from the shipping weight? Just subtract the packaging and stool weight from the total?
No
no issue with software - running on Windows 7 and 8
Yes, but it doesn't come with the package.
Because..... It is not a piano !! ( Sorry Lisa , Silly question, gets a silly answer ) Carry-on !
no
I have not tested the software on a Mac, however, printed on the cd label it says "win/Mac cd-rom". The software I believe is QuickTime based so it should work fine on a Mac.
Just measured vs. my upright piano and the keys are less than 1/2 mm wider than the Casio's. Measured over 12 keys the difference is about 3 mm more width than the Casio.
U can adjust how hard u want the keys to be when u press them down
There is a built-in recording device, although I have not yet used it. In addition, the USB connects to a computer, and there is software included for recording to a computer. I simply have not had time yet to use these features. I'm old-school and transcribe melody by hand!
Sorry I don't know it was bought as a gift.
X32 Consoles that are over about 12 months old (about July 2013) have an XUF card that has both a USB 2.0 and a Firewire 800 port. My console has that card, but I have since purchased two X32 Racks and their expansion card is the XUSB card and it only has a USB 2.0 port (something about Apple not supporting the Firewire chip set anymore). I have done a lot of recording with both the console and the racks and have not had any problems with either. The XUSB card will connect to your PC or Mac and do a full 32 IN and 32 OUT to your DAW such that the DAW can control the console with remote control. Basically you just need to make sure that the Head Amps for each track are sending a hot signal, but NOT CLIPPING. That will screw up a tracks recording faster than anything. You can use compressors in the DAW to recover from too weak a signal, but you can't do anything about a clipped signal. For DAW's, I have used Presonus Studio One, Tracktion64, Pro Tools, and Apple Logic Pro X. I usually capture the tracks from a live recording using Studio One, but always do my mix down and mastering with Apple Logic Pro X. I have recorded 32 tracks without any problem.
Yes, not sure what your goal is but with matrix mixing or bus routing, this is possible. Actually routing it in as 3 separate inputs may or may not be possible but not really necessary given the bussing and matrix mix features
I do not have a P16. I do run different brands of in ears off the Aux outputs of the X32 including the brand and version you mentioned. The presonous does not compare to the x32 in my opinion.
The X32 can be used in remote mode as a Mackie Universal or HUI control for your DAW. In the case of Pro Tools, you can use the HUI mode. When in remote mode, the 8 bus faders and their associated scribble strips, meters, and mute, solo, select buttons will work. You can also assign remote commands to the ASSIGN controls on the right of the control surface, which is handy for setting up a transport section with a jog wheel.
From what I can tell, it is the physical knobs for each of the controls. Also when I did the research I was looking at the Compact and the Producer, and they only had 16 XLR input channels and from what I could tell, you had to purchase the S16 digital snake. I opted for the full board as everything is available right in front of you and there are less "layers" that you have to scroll through (IE on the Compact or Producer I believe that you have 4 separate buttons with 8 channels each and with the full board you only have 2 buttons with 16 channels each. I am no doubt a professional yet, but I wanted to learn on a full board with as much in front of me as possible and that why i chose this. Was it right, that I do not know but i LOVE the board and so does the band that I mix for. On the rack mount version - I really know nothing about it. I would assume that its the same and maybe controlled by the X32 control software available. The large board hooked up perfect to my DAW (Studio One) and connected pretty easy with my MAC. I ran into a little trouble with the LAN because I connected a wireless router to a wireless router, but after I figured this out it works like a champ. Another reason I went with the X32 versus digital boards is how many youtube videos I could find on training. Excellent selection - many of which are from Church perspectives but its a band they are mixing - and usually have more to deal with than straight mixing music. Hopefully that is a little explanation - but if I was to spend the money for the Compact, Producer or the Full board, hands down I would purchase it again. While it might be $100-1500 difference, the full board for me works great.
Yes. I use my Android phone, plus my laptop.
Yes - definitely. You can use the aux inputs as inserts or aux in and outs.
Yes.
Yes
Yes. You can find specific info on Behringer forums to get you started. http://forum.behringer.com/showthread.php?404-X32-with-Adobe-Audition
Casio CTK-3200 has Touch Response and Pitch Bend Wheel on left side of keyboard. Touch Response - Let's you add delicate nuances to notes by varying how much pressure you apply to keyboard keys. Pitch Bend Wheel - Rotate the wheel to slide the pitch of the sound being output upwards or downwards. This effect comes in handy when reproducing the sound of ethnic instruments, etc.
It is not - you are not going to get a weighted keyboard at this price point. They will cost significantly more.
There was when I purchased it.
We had the same problem - it doesn't work at all. Finally just used an old violin music stand behind the piano and adjusted it to hold the music at the piano players height. Not beautiful, but it works.
Absolutely! I really love this piano, and the headphones really let you listen to yourself without anyone hearing you. Hope you enjoy it!
3200-61 Casio its a good keyboard for me:-)
Absolutely. This is a great keyboard.
It might come with a manufacturer warranty which can be found online, but I'm not offering a personal warranty. It's only 5 months old and works great. Only used a handful of times.
I mis-read no cable came with this.
Yes.
Yep! I'm not sure exactly how to change where the instrument "split" happens, but layering is super easy.
Use the audio (mono) output on the 6000 to your aux audio input in your amplifier/receiver. Take care to balance keyboard audio with the amplifier audio, in other words, do not max out your audio output in either component. It's also good to make your connections with your keyboard audio at the lowest position, then increase your gain once the connections are made. This prevents any popping noise during the connection which could harm your speakers.
Yes it does. It is on the rear panel to the right of the USB port. As an aside... I am primarily a guitarist but I absolutely love my 6000. &lt;3.
According to an excerpt from page E-34 from the instruction booklet: "You can connect the Digital Keyboard to a computer and exchange MIDI data between them. You can send play data from the Digital Keyboard to music software running on your computer, or you can send MIDI data from your computer to the Digital Keyboard for playback." My son hasn't gotten that far into things yet, so I can't say how it works first hand. I hope this helps you out.
Although I no longer own it, since I upgraded to a Kawai, I do believe they have the same sized keys. Just less of them. Also be aware these keys are not touch sensitive nor are they weighted.
The instruction booklet says yes and explains the procedure.
Yes it does - you have to have the proper accessory and connection via USB port to the computer to be able to have this feature functionality plus in addition the software programs which are now very difficult to find these days, for the ones I use are KORG and Yamaha Programs which still works all the way up to Win 8.1 Pro.
Yes, but it's not listed as being a part of the package on the box.
Yep it does. A nice workbook style song book, very useful for beginners.
Theres a little screen that teaches u which finger to use when playing built in songs.. But it is too fast
Yes. I plug my iPod touch into it and can play music from the iPod!
Anyone tried sliding the round "ring" on the stand so that it'll fit the keyboard?
yes!
I don't see any USB port.
It does not come with a case, you would need to purchase one if you need to carry it around with you. The stand folds flat so it should be easy to carry.
No it doesn't
Sits on top of the frame just fine made more secure by mounts on the frame that slide sideways to make more secure. You would have to kick it over to knock it off.
There is just one bolt used for the stand assembly- no screws.
Yes it is.
It installed fine on my Windows 8.1 laptop. The lessons CD works fine, but bear in mind, for actually hooking the keyboard up to your computer, it's designed for use with MIDI software.
Sorry, I do not know.
That should be easy, about 4", that's all.
Try the Casio website!
I was ready to purchase the 165, but before doing so, I downloaded the 40-some page booklet from the Casio site. It covers the LK-160, LK-165 and LK-240. The LK-240 has touch ... like an acoustic piano, you can vary the volume depending how hard you hit the keys. Also, the LK-240 does not have BUT gives the option of purchasing a sustain pedal ($20-30) ... the 165 doesn't have that option. I got the 240, purchased a sustain pedal, and think it's a better deal for really not that much more money. -Jon Strand P.S. the 175 I know nothing about.
This one has a printer type USB connection (they call it MIDI General) - so a printer cable should work.
Hello Catherine (my Mom's name.. also spelled with a "C") Yes and No....... They are standard sized piano keys made of lite plastic.. They are "weighted" to "mimic" the "feel" of real keys.. there are 61 not 88... as this is a keyboard. It is missing some "octaves"... not an issue for general playing .. the unit has good "note" sound reproduction.. I bought it mainly for the CASIO song "learning system" witch is first rate I have a full sized "high end" YAMAHA digital piano...which is my main instrument ... but, they cost many, many times this Casio . A necessity ONLY if you want to be "serious player". REC III
Will work on 120. 3 pronged plug. If you have regular house outlets that you plug a vacuum, TV or stereo into, it will work fine, its a nice unit and s fairly priced.
Yes
Yes you can. However, it's not that professional keyboard to be hooked up to an amp. It's kinda basic keyboard, perfect for beginners.
It does have a usb port on the back, you may be able to do that with a 3rd party program? But on the board itself, it has rhythms and beats you can play while you are playing. Hope this helped!
Yes it does, and comes with the sheet music for the songs that are programmed into the keyboard.
Unfortunately, we are unable to ship any of our Amazon orders outside of the United States.
It will play CDs. But in order for your daughters to see the words you have to buy an actual Karaoke CD. Does this help?
Never tried it but the sound would have to come thru the tv because there is no output of sound other than thru the tv. Not a good product. I'd give you mine just cuz it's that bad.
no.
It comes with a Mic. You can plug in two mics and an external auxiliary input.
no, it does play cds; not for sure about mp3 cds....It is very cute and my niece loves it. Brought it for her last year; she is still using it.
Kind of... it can play music from an ipod (with a cable) but you can't do karaoke with it
it can be used as a cd player
You can't record it, but you can plug the karaoke machine into the TV to watch the live karaoke singer through the camera on the cats head.
I don't know. My granddaughter didn't like it and returned it at a 25% loss.
YES, has its own audio controls if not hooked up to a TV.
Yes
Yes. We connect ours to our big screen all the time. It works great.
Yes, it comes with two microphones that are about middle of the road quality
The answer is no.. If you have bought a karaoke song through iTunes that provides the lyrics then yes, it will appear but not for regular songs
Just know this model has an ipad port. Not sure what u mean by different power?
Yes, It does hook up to a tv via RCA cables but with this model only the words from the songs are shown. Previuos models had a camera built in that you could watch someone singing on the tv
About 4 feet.
I don't think so unless it is a very large piece of luggage. I would box it up and either ship it or see if you can take it on the plane.
No
You can only use Ipod and Iphones 4th generation or older, no other :( you can look at the amazon recomendations for music cds. I hope this helps you :)
You can set the high hat pedal for a second bass drum.
Yes, it is possible but you will also need the bass drum pad assembly for the actual drum pedals.
Yes. As long as you have the bass drum pad assembly with the bass drum pedal.
Yes.
It doesn't come with speakers. You would need either a pair of headphones, or an amplifier/ speaker.
Hello YES from 8thstreet Music, Thanks!
They won't hear any electronic sounds, but they would hear the dull "thump thump" of the sticks hitting the drum pads. This would only be a (potential) problem if you were in the same room.
Yes!, USB will send and receive MIDI. Thanks Tyler.
Yes via usb.
Not very well. I however you could turn the feet and arms in so it would lay flat or stand very thin.
I'm pretty sure you could...we connected to our t.v. Great feature! Sound quality was excellent. There are many features found on much more expensive machines.
Yes it is, but it won't show any words on the screen. It will just act as a amplifier and you can still use the mic and sing to the songs. You can even plug in a USB with songs on it and it will read that.
It was a gift I actually didn't get a chance to use it but was told it was pretty cool but it was teenagers. Sorry I couldn't help.
I do not know the answer to this question. The machine came broken and they wouldn't switch it for a new one. They said if the box had been opened it was not returnable. It was a scam. Don't buy this product.
Will not work on 220v and. 5 songs on the disk
I recently bought the Akaii karaoke machine. I am not sure if the Mp3 works. I have not tried that yet. I got karaoke cd+g from Amazon. You may want to get music with the vocals to help you sing the songs if you don't know them well. That was the mistake I made. I only bought instrumental only karaoke music and could not sing a lot of the songs since I did not know them all that well.
It works pretty good for a home karaoke machine. Its not industrial by any means but it does bring hours of enjoyment to my family. Definately. Worth th money.
No. It came broken and it never played anything. You cannot return it once you open the box and you don't know that it is broken until you open it. This was a scam and I would not waste my money if I were you. We had to look everywhere on Christmas eve last year to find one at the last minute. Finally got one at best buy. Do not buy from this company
No
I sent it back was a very cheaply made and it didnt even work right
You can use either the RCA outputs 1 & 2 or the XLR out puts to a pair of powered speakers or amplifier.
He says if you want one, but it isnt necessary.
roughly 5lbs. very lite... the box is very heavy duty and come with quite a bit of paper work and a soft carrying case
I use Xlr cables into a mixer for a balanced line. I guess a home receiver would have to use RCA from RMX2 to receiver. MOST home receivers would not have XLR but you may be able to buy adapters to change 1 end to RCA to plug into a home receiver...
I didn't use a tape measure but I estimated & I would say 4" wide, 12" tall, and 18" long.
Hello, yes it is. Thank you
Hi, it working well, Install the Software and Plug and play, I used it on windows
Don't remember because I buy this for a gift
Yes it can and it will also let you hook up projecter to if you are doing vedeos
No
It seems like it is, I don't see carefully.
It is KTV songs ,I don't know it is original songs or not. but the quality is good , another problem is it maybe dead some time.
I cannot find Spanish songs, Most of it is Chinese songs and some English songs
No. It has XLR-1/4 cable. Please see product description.
It's adjustable to seated or standing height.
Yes - music stand comes off & on easily.
the stand that holds the piano up you would get that if you don't have a lot of space for a piano and the bench if really good it does not feel flimsy
None
I believe so
Yes, the keys are weighted. My son, who enjoys a good sounding piano and has a Yamaha U3 at home (a full upright - beautiful rich sounding) has this keyboard with him (away) and is very pleased with it.
Gail, Yes I did get a power supply with mine. By power supple, I mean a electrical cord that plugs into the back of the keyboard and the other end plugs into an electrical outlet in the wall. Joanne A
http://music.stackexchange.com/questions/12507/yamaha-ypg-235-shifting-octaves
Yes. Comes with the power cord adapter.
Ours came with a double x
I purchased this item. They had the wrong item number associated with this item and I was sent an electrical breaker. BE CAREFUL ordering this item.
In my Inventory this item is supposed to be for a car stereo amplifier, I have removed these items that are being linked to the bubble machine from my inventory. We appreciate you catching that mistake and apologize for any inconvenience.
No it has to stay installed. That way you can use it with the daw that you are using
Well It really tries to get a better image of the mixes you have compared to not having it. This is assuming that you did the instructions correctly for the measurements beforehand. Be advised however that you still need a good pair of monitor speakers to make the most of it. It really works for me.
No ,its a brand new product.
Yes, up to 3 on the same operating system. Mac and PC
The merchandizing text indicates "Video Output for TV Connection". We would assume that is where the word display would come in.
Yes, you can play regular cd's in this machine.
It can be plugged into an outlet.
Only if you use the special karaoke cd's.
Not really sure we've never used batteries with ours we always just plug it in its at my moms house I can have her check tomorrow if u want
No
You can use the mic without the cd, but it doesn't have the best sound quality or projection. I wouldn't use this for that purpose.
No it doesn't. It's been a good 1rst machine. We've gotten a lot of use out of it since Christmas.
Yes.
It comes in the package and we don't carry it otherwise. Sorry...
uses its own address wi-fi
you will use rekordbox to analyze your music on the 1tb drive. in other words, speeds will depend on the computer you use for that.
Waveform isnt displayed at all on the AERO or the rekordbox application on laptops/desktops, personally i havent updated the firmwarevin mine yet to check if the ipad can do waveforms either, but currently my response is no, sorry it doesnt do waveform at all, it's more a personal guessing game on syncing tracks in a mix as without waveform, its a lot more challenging to do so.
That is what I am using
Yes. You need the music downloaded to your mac or iphone. If it is not downloaded it will not work.
Yes, it will be about $99 to ship this to Finland. This doesn't include custom fees, those vary by country.
A key feature of this product is to be able to use it as a standalone controller ie without using a computer. Mixing HD Video would involve a computer. In my opinion, if you want to mix HD Video, this is not the right controller for you. As a midi controller, there may be a mapping to allow it to mix video, but I'm not 100% certain.
It is automatically bivolt :) (100v to 240v)
It comes with Pioneer's on software: Recordbox, also you can download it from app store for your iphone.
Yes
No you can't. The only way to use its by auxiliar input (like mp3, ipods, iphones with p2 cable) or using tracktor (on ur notepad, or computer)
Yes. Traktor Pro 2 is ideal for this controller and is compatible. I'm running OS 10.6.8. You should have at least that. I know Ipad can run Traktor as well. Not sure how it fits with this controller though.
The limited comes with Traktor and comes in black, the V comes in white and with Virtual DJ. That is to say, I have the limited and I can ONLY connect to Traktor, not virtual dj. I am not sure if the same is true for vice versa. I'm pretty sure those are the only differences.
No, this unit comes with the Traktor software, which in my opinion is much better than Virtual DJ.
I believe you can, although I only tried it with Traktor, which was the software that came with my equipment.
Hey dom i ordered n got the exact one as in the pic, ltd edition so yes
these are not active noise cancelling headphones, and are powered by the headphone cable, so no batteries required. being a closed back headphone, they do offer passive noise reduction, which is basically the muffling or muting of outside noise by nature of their closed ear cups. but if you want true active noise reduction, these are not for you.
That is not included and not sure where to get that accessory. But seriously these cans sound amazing! Don't let that stop you from giving them a try.
There is a switch on the bottom of the cups to allow more air into the cup to increase the amount of bass they get, but it doesn't affect sound leakage at all they're closed headphones so there is almost no leakage at normal volume.
I don't think I could tell a 2oz difference, and I don't have a scale to weigh mine. I can tell you it feels like a solid piece of gear in your hand, and on my head, I find them so comfortable, I'm never thinking of them. I use them for work, recording in the field, so I spend long periods with them on, and I find them extremely comfortable. I love these headphones!
I would expect that you could control the volume by replacing the cable with one that has a volume control on it however, please note that the cable is not a standard 1/8" connector. The connector has a locking 'tab' so it does not disengage while in use. I don't know if it is available with a volume control on it. I have seen this type of cable used on other headphones, though.
I used a pair like these, with passive noise cancellation, on a plane and they were actually pretty good. It will not stop the ear pressure due to altitude, but you wont hear a thing
No
Can't really rest them on my neck with comfort. I tried them walking around in an airport but found them a little bulky, hard to keep up with what's going on around me. Love the sound and use them a lot in coffee shops.
The replacement cable is just a generic 3.5mm male-to-male wire. I've been using these. http://www.amazon.com/Monoprice-109764-3-Feet-Stereo-Plated/dp/B00AJHB8R8/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1413554120&sr=8-1&keywords=3.5+male+to+male
Used these lights on our haunted trail. Before setting them in place and running power to a transformer we used a 12 volt, rechargeable battery used for jumping a car. Worked fine for our purposes, yet very heavy. Possibly a deer feeder/uninterruptible power supply battery or similar may do the job.
The ones that I bought all worked with the same remote.
I have mine install on a fountain and it is bright and very pretty. It is as bright as a 100 watt spot light. Quality is very good. Make sure to pick up a power supply/ driver. As these are 12 volt, the driver/ power supplies are very inexpensive, around 5- 15 dollars. So you need a 12 volt to 120 volt driver/ power supply. But trust me for the price these are awesome lights. I have 25 around my yard and it make a stunning lighting effect. They can also be connected to a low voltage system. We will be very happy with it.
It came with a (seemingly) standard RGB remote, but I powered the unit up and could not get it to work. I pulled the tape on the coin cell in the controller and tried from many angles but could not get it to operate. Haven't tried it since then.
Yes, I have mine on a photocell and each time the come on, they are the same as the last setting. I have mine on a fountain and it looks stunning.
I asked myself the same question. I have not installed this one yet even though I bought this about 45 days ago. I am counting on my electrician to install this weekend.
Will not work underwater for any length of time. Even after adding extra waterproofing they leaked. Buy others.
No but they will help soften the sound tremendously. I have every inch of my walls covered but you can still hear the sound on the other side of the wall. You can definitely hear the difference with them on the walls though.
Thumb tacks probably won't work. I would use some type of double-sided tape that wouldn't tear paint off when removed.
Hi there, no they don't have any adhesive backing . It's only the foam .
Hi there yes you can use it for that but you might need to cut it in to smaller pieces .
Well, a little air gets through, but you won't be able to really use the vent.
I don't know for surebut I can only guess that since it is a sponge like material that it could create a problem with moisture buildup. I don't know how big of an area you are covering but I would probably contact the company or someone that sells that type of product and see if there is one that would be mold resistant.
Dry rot usually refers to wood. This foam is inorganic, so no, I don't believe it would be subject to dry rot.
Not sure what you mean. These are 1.5" thick.
It will help cut out everything, except for bass. Bass cuts right through this thing.
I bought this to silence my wifes CPAP machine. I lined a box and covered the machine with it. It really didn't dampen the sound as much as I had hoped.
Plug and play!
I purchased a Yamaha Audiogram 3 interface and it came with Cubase 5. It works great and you can produce very good quality recording with it...
Yes. It has 1/8 (headphone jack) in and out and a 1/4 guitar jack as well.
I use the YRG with Logic ProX it appears as a standard midi device. As long as your DAW will work with USB Midi interfaces you should have no issues.
I'm not positive, but I don't think it is multi-channel.
You can turn the midi setting on, and assign the guitar to a drum rack...then turn on the tap setting... so, yes.
It will work with an amp. Note that without the power over USB cable, you will need to use the batteries. I use it mainly for the onboard synth sounds although the guitar sounds can be layered with the synth sounds. Honestly I find YRG to be as it's best used as a MIDI controller in a recording environment. You will never get the nuances of true guitar tone from this.
I'm sorry. I can not answer this question. The YRG I bought was a gift for my son. I only play piano.
If rock band supports MIDI then it should work, I'm thinking.
It comes with lots of sounds, pianos, organs, guitars, etc. The USB cable you can find anywhere, it is just a USB to mini USB cable.
The pickups are really cheap and the holes in the pickguard didn't line up with the squire body I had. Now it's just a part on hand for whenever I decide to do a scratch build or something.
These are cheap pots on a par with Squire pots. I leave mine wide open so I don't care how cheap they are.
The pots work just fine I was really happy with it and it was a good value for the money.
it can't do any of these
Take it from me, I'm a professional DJ who has had to use a receiver, amp, speakers & lots of cable's this unit eliminates all that, and puts it all together as one. Not only is it worth the money the power speaker has really great sound. You can't ask more for the money. (:AMN1:)
Yes. That is the price for 1 speaker.
No is for 1 speakers roger and its good price
Oh yes, you can either mount it on a speaker stand, or hang it in ceiling be an expert. This is a sound system, it was beyond our expectation.
YES
Si se puede conectar a la comp.necesita el cable con conectores de banana y con el conector de audfonos y nada mas tiene un horn
Yes you can
No that i know,needs to be conected to a power source.
I actually managed to do this but first I had to buy an adaptor for the "line" input. But other than that yes.
Yes, you can record 5 melody tracks and a 6th accompaniment track. (Someone told me you can record a 6th melody track instead of an accompaniment, but if so I haven't been able to figure out how.) So you can record the bass line on one track, then record another part on another track, etc. As you record each new track, the tracks you've already recorded will play so you can play along in time with the parts you've already recorded. I've only just started playing around with the recording features myself, so I haven't figured everything out yet. But you can play up to 3 voices at once-- the Main Voice, an optional Dual Voice (which plays at the same time as the Main Voice to create a two-layer sound), and an optional Split Voice (which plays in the left-hand side of the keyboard). First of all, you cannot record the Split Voice, so don't even try-- what you should do is set the Main Voice to whatever you want to use for the bass part and record it separately as its own track. Note that you can play as many keys as you want for each part, although the keyboard has a maximum limit of 32-note polyphony-- so you can play more than just a bass line, you can play chords and such, but don't go overboard on the number of simultaneous notes in each part or you might very well exceed the 32-note polyphony limit. Furthermore, you can record the Main Voice and Dual Voice on a single track-- they'll be recorded as a single "track" but will actually be split into two separate MIDI channels. However, only the first three tracks can record the Dual Voice-- if you try to record a Main/Dual Voice combination to tracks 4 and 5, they'll seem to play back okay on the keyboard, but only the Main Voice will actually be written to the MIDI file. So you'll want to plan your parts accordingly: use tracks 1, 2, and 3 for recording any two-layered voices (Main/Dual Voice combinations) you want to use-- which includes voices like "Octave Piano" that are actually made up of a Main Voice and Dual Voice-- and use tracks 4 and 5 for recording one-layer voices (Main Voice). As for track 6/A, use it for recording any auto-accompaniment you want to use-- it will actually record all the different parts of the accompaniment, splitting them up into (I think) up to eight different MIDI channels. From what I've seen-- although I might be wrong-- the "tracks" on the PSR-E433 will be saved to the following MIDI channels: Track 1 -- The Main Voice is saved to MIDI channel 0 and (if applicable) the Dual Voice is saved to MIDI channel 5. Track 2 -- The Main Voice is saved to MIDI channel 1 and (if applicable) the Dual Voice is saved to MIDI channel 6. Track 3 -- The Main Voice is saved to MIDI channel 2 and (if applicable) the Dual Voice is saved to MIDI channel 7. Track 4 -- The Main Voice is saved to MIDI channel 3; any Dual Voice used for Track 4 will not be saved to MIDI. Track 5 -- The Main Voice is saved to MIDI channel 4; any Dual Voice used for Track 5 will not be saved to MIDI. Track 6/A -- The Auto-Accompaniment parts will be saved to MIDI channels 8 through 15, depending on the Auto-Accompaniment. Of course, once you've recorded a song on the PSR-E433, saved it to MIDI, and transferred it to a computer, you can use a DAW or other MIDI editor to slice and dice it however you wish. Or you can create a 16-track MIDI file in a DAW, then load and play it on the PSR-E433 just fine. By the way, just to be accurate-- the recorded song will be written to a type-0 MIDI file, or all 16 channels in the same MIDI track. But a DAW should display each channel as a separate "track" anyway, so it doesn't really matter that it's a type-0 MIDI file. On the other hand, the PSR-E433 can play either type-0 or type-1 MIDI files, so you can separate the different MIDI channels into their own MIDI tracks if you want.
It's very easy to hook to a computer; it has a place on the back to insert a USB thumb drive if desired, and another place to plug in a USB cable to connect directly to a computer. After you install the MIDI driver on a Windows PC, the keyboard will show up in your MIDI or DAW programs. (I don't see a PSR-E433 MIDI driver listed for the Mac, but another user who reviewed it said they simply connected it to their MacBook Pro and it showed up instantly in Garageband. Otherwise, there is a MIDI driver for the Mac OSX listed for the PSR-E423, which should also work for the PSR-E433.)
2 years parts and labor
Since you are using easy play I assume you may be a litle slow in playing. The melody keys are synchronized to a particular note. That's an automatic programming function. It could be that there is a lag between you striking the note and the"computer" processing it that makes it sound off. I'm not sure what you mean by easy touch. the keys are pretty responsive. The effort to get a sound is comparable to the pressure needed to use a computer keyboard pressure. But there is no way to play softer sound without the pedal.
Np, the keys are not weighted.
Yes, it has the "effects" sounds that are standard for GM1 and GM2, such as a barking dog, ringing telephone, running water, etc. There are 49 effects sounds in all. To see a list of them, you can download a PDF of the E433's "data list" (list of voices, drum kits, styles, arpeggios, etc.) from Yamaha's web site.
Yes; Manufacturer's Warant
I wish I had the answer, but I don't. EB
When using a foot switch (Sustain pedal) both sides of the split is sustained.
meaning can you plug a mic directly into the keyboard? No, there are no xlr ports. you will need an amp if you want to hookup a microphone.
Hard to answer that question without more info on which online course you are taking, but I must say that this keyboard is MAGIC with it's own programmed lessons inside of it. Particularly useful is the way you can follow the lighted keys for either hand separately, and listen to how the piece is supposed to sound like whenever you want... when I was a kid I had eight very long years of private one-on-one piano lessons that yielded little more than screaming crying arguments with my parents on a regular basis. This keyboard took all that painful stuff away, and made the learning experience truly fun and even addictive! Naturally it takes a lot of time to learn, but when you want to do it because it's fun, learning it is a true pleasure. That said, perhaps you should amend your question with more information on the course that you have an eye on so others can more accurately tell you if this keyboard will be helpful for that specific course.
yes. I havent had any problem I keep it plugged 99% of the time
My ac adapter does not work either.
I wouldn't call it a "switch" but a definite option for a "voice" of the piano to play using Grand Piano.
Size/Weight Dimensions W x D x H 945 x 348 x 111 mm (37-3/16" x 13-11/16" x 4-3/8")
You just set it on it. It doesn't permanently attach to it. Its pretty stable though, its good. It rests on it just fine.
I bought it for my grandaughter. She is 10. Both she and I liked it very much.
No, not directly (too bad) I was able to convert mp3 to midi (3rd party software) and then hook us the EZ220 to my computer with another (3rd party software) and get it to play and slow it down works but labor intensive and some time additional chords are injected into the lay out and have to remove them. All of this is learning a new software and experimenting. Some of the 3rd party sofware I downloaded was anvil studio, intelliscore, jammer........Good luck Bob
Yes you can.
yes, but not they are not 100% like a piano as they are not "weighted"
No wiring diagram, but it was fairly easy. As i recall, connect the hot wire from each pickup to the balance knob and ground everything. There are lots of generic wiring diagrams on the internet.
Dear Docpain, Pls forgive me reply in delay. Yes,it is active pickup.how to estimate it,just depends on your bass. Warmest regards, Emma
Dear Don, Hope you everything goes well! This is 100% belcat brand,high quality,1set for stock pickup. If you have any problems about our items ,pls feel free to contact me . Have a nice time. Warmest regards, Emma
Dear Don, Thank you for your letter! We are sell the knobs ,you can search knobs in our store. Have a nice time. Warmest regards, Emma
I have done several gigs with these speakers I have one set of two and have been pleased with the sound the sound at high levels will be ear piercing I keep my mixer at less than half and get good results Like any speakers you put the higher than the crowd they will be heard throughout the room but to anser your question if it will sound good with 800 people I would say if this is your only source of sound u may be disappointed You will need at least two subs for the bass
I just change my compression horn but your problem am not sure about it but you can by parts and do it your self
I have used this system outside for my big band and it has worked really well. Plenty of sound. I'm using it with a mackie 16 channel mixer.
I own one, however I have used it only one time for a house party. I had to add another speaker with a heavier base. It worked well.
I can't find mine but I remember having one. What's your question?
I use it for parties and has met my needs.
One year warranty
To charge, power should be off. Blinking lights indicate charging in progress.
I Got Mine Used Them Once Then Returned Them Very Muffled And Cheaply built
This is doubtful with this particular product. It didn't work well for me and died right after warranty was over, too.
No
Just one output. Each mic has its own volume control, but both feed into the same output.
No
No, they don't have any internal drivers to run on a computer.
this connects to a PA system or mixer via 1/4'' mono jacks or xLr
Not right now. But the mic were a little better than what I expected.
I double checked and the Korg can do an A at 432 hz.
its range cover the notes of piano but it doesn't tell you the register of the note ie it diplays c orD but not for example C3 or D6
I purchased the TM-50 primarily because the display is backlit whereas the TM-40 simply has the lcd. Other than that I do not believe that there is much difference between the two. It was just my preference.
I am not certain. It was purchased for my son who is away at college. I've heard it while he was practicing when at home, but didn't check it out closely. It's the one the college proft put on the list of required items.
Yes, there is volume control.
Just set it to 3 beats, then it goes TICK tock tock TICK tock tock etc. but it won't do 1, 2, TICKtocktock, 4. Black and white are the same. Except for the color.
Yes, they are. The unit used two AAA batteries.
I do not think it differentiates between octaves.
Both would work well for intonation. The 50 has a metronome and the 40 is only for tuning
I found it quite loud enough (before I punctured an eardrum!) In any case you, you can always plug a cable into the 1/8" receptacle and hook it up to an amplifier. The metronome section is entirely separate from the tuning section, but it uses only 1 or 2 tones. The scale of the tuning section is 12 notes (equal temperament only, unfortunately), but its reference tones (which it produces) go from C3 (130.81Hz) to C6 (1046.50 Hz). It can detect tones from C1 (32.70 Hz) to C8 (4186.01 Hz.)
In 4/4, the quarter note has the beat. The eighth is twice as fast. The sixteenth is 4 times as fast. If the quarter note is 60 tempo, then eighth is 120 and sixteenth is 240. For the eighth, set beat to 2 (two eighths to a quarter beat). Sixteenth, set beat to 4 (4 sixteenths to a quarter beat). Meter only goes to 240 ca. so any faster and you are out of luck. But quarters and eighths are normally within range.
I am sure it can. My sons use it for their viola, bass, and guitars. their music teachers say it is pretty good quality especially for the price.
I am a "late starter" cello student. This Korg was easy for me to operate because I had purchased the smaller Korg tuner which my teacher had recommended. The small Korg familiarized me with the tuning instructions. But I needed a larger screen for 69-year-young eyes. This Korg TM50BK is slightly larger and more suitable for me and it has a metronome. If you want to just use it as a tuner (which I am doing now), just use the left side of the Korg (underneath the words "tuner on").
It is an electronic beep in the upper frequencies, but not at all painful. There is a volume control on the top of the device (not shown in the picture). The metronome is also capable of a different beep to denote beat 1 of a given meter. Hope this helps!
No, but it dose have a function for it to do so if you like. I use it for guitar and sometimes having it give feedback tone is helpful. Tuner is good and Metronome is good... I have no issues with the volume as others have commented on, however I do practice in a quite room.
This is great for my flute that goes from C-4 (Middle C) to C-7, or 3 octaves. It will play a note for tuning showing the octave numbers from C-4 to C-7, but when I play a note on my flute, it tells me if I am flat or sharp, and shows the note, but not the octave. It is complicated to explain. It is great for flute, but I would not buy it for a piano. You should check with Borg, or somewhere that sells pianos and/or tuners. It did show sharp or flat below C-4 and above C-7 on the piano, but the directions indicate you can't rely on those readings.
Yes 410-480
Yes-when you listen through headphones, there is no "external" sound-so it will work perfectly! I use it in that mode for exercises (same pentatonic scale over and over)... so I don't drive my wife insane.:&gt;}
if you are using headphones I guess it would depend on the volume you are listening at. The Korg is not particularly loud even with the volume all the way up. However, there is a headphone jack so possibly the two sources could be joined to the phones. In addition, there is a blinking light which enables you to see the tempo.
I know autoharp through videos (played by June Carter and her mother). I use for my 5-string banjo . My teacher uses for his guitar and his mandolin too. I don't know the system to tune autoharp, but I believe that you can use it to autoharp.
It's a 12" radius, Gibson standard. I put it on a Gretsch with a 12.5" radius and it was fine.
Well, here's the question: it fits a Gibson LP. Will it fit a Dean? I don't know for sure. It may if the Dean has a typical Gibson type bridge. But, the post holes are the key. if they match, then you can probably use this bridge. But, if not...forget it.
It will. If you palm mute at the bridge this feels way better than the stock epi tuneomatic.
Yes.
Those hex head screws are for setting the intonation. It's a little inconvenient, but manageable.
Yes it sure will as long as you have the standard stop bar tailpiece then this the part and it tripled the sustain on custom lp
They're metal, but don't roll very well.
I've replaced two on Epiphones, Les Paul model, I don't have the answer to U'r question, but I would check on Epiphone's/Gibson web site, to determine the spacing distance for the post specs.
Hi, mine has 3". and it fits right in the Epiphone SG. i bought it for Bigsby vibra installation and so far i'm very pleased with its functioning.
Yes, but I haven't had a difference either way I've put it.
Yes, it is. It's a great guitar! And, it holds it's tuning much better than I would have thought. It's a great kit. Guitar case is really nice, too.
The specific model seems to be variable. When I got mine, the bundle said Fender Starcaster. Then it was labeled as a Squier, but still counts as the same exact product on Amazon.
I bought it because I recognized the name. My husband says it is of very good quality and it came in a package, so it was less than I had budgeted. I bought a guitar years ago with only a case and it cost more than this entire kit, so I was extremely pleased.
My son is 12 and it's perfect for him.
No consistent model number can be given; the guitar included in this bundle changes periodically.
yes, I got it for my son at age 18 and he liked it , and now he's better, so I got him a better guitar, but this is a good starter
You just stick twist the 2 pieces together and then pull it a certain way and then it stands correctly. It took some fiddling but the guitar now stands perfectly on it
No
No, its a regular acoustic guitar.
Starcaster, you can see it on Amazon
No, I received mine in an insulated box. It was well protected.
My daughter uses an old one handed down by her mother. Her mother played classical. Other than that we didn't find a brand. My apologies.
It really just helps you set up the guitar, tells you how to use the tuner and change the strings then it has videos of the various notes you can play. Pretty helpful but you could find these things on YouTube or a similar site. Definitely not a selling point but it is nice to have. I love this guitar, the extras are just that, extra.
No, it is too big. Look at for a 3/4 guitar, such as a Yamaha FG JR1. Also, the sound on this particular fender is marginal at best, and the action is really tough. Hope this helps!
Steel. You'll have to buy nylon srings if you need them.
It's an FA-100
I can only speak to The Squire. For the money it has a really good sound.
This is a very good steel string starter guitar! Good sound and eztra's.
It isn't. It works, but offers no protection from bumps.
It says it was crafted in China..Hope that helps.Had to look myself.I was hoping was made in the USA..
It's a fabric, not 100% sure what it is. I expected fiberglass but it still looks and works great. My only concern is that it may tear at some point.
Yes. We can get it to you by the 21st. Just email us after you place the order so we can confirm. Aside from a few zip codes, ground ship shipping will get to you by the 21st.
Yeah, mine did.
It's barely did the job for my 29 gallon
We did not submerge the LED light in water and actually have it sit on a piece of glass between the tank and the tank hood. Looking at the LED light fixture I'm not so sure I'd trust it to be submerged in water as there is some weakness in its assembly that would allow water to penetrate the fixture. We have had ours continuous day to day operation for over a year now without issue.
It has suction cups
Its plugs in through a standard wall socket and then has an AC adapter which connects to the remote senser and cord that goes to the light.
Yes, it keeps the color settings
It should sufficiently light a 10 gallon tank. However keep in mind it is just an led bar there is no mount to hold it in place.
no idea but its a good product it works without problem with enough light for 10 gallons
as the previous reviewer said, it's not real leather. it looks like a cross between canvas and leather. it doesn't look bad.
It fits perfectly in the first gen mini ipad
The stand does work both ways, except the portrait does not work as well as the landscape.
ive never used it and havnt even set it on my ipad since I wouldnt ever use that function. sorry
Yes it fits iPad mini2 Retina Display I like my case&#9786;
a stylus holder.
Too keep it closed
Rust
sorry it does not
I received mine in the brown.
Yes! Without question. I think the hip hop crowd is particularly attracted to it because it has the MPC look to it. That and it's really flexible. You could do anything you like with it. You may want to check out Damage from Heavyosity - I've used it with Maschine to make some really crazy industrial stuff.
Yes you can mix in it but not master
I looked up the Yamaha PSR-E403 keyboard on the Yamaha site to see what kind of connectivity it has. The short answer is yes, it's possible for you to record your Yamaha PSR-E403 keyboard output into Maschine. If you have a soundcard with inputs, then this will help as you'd run the 1/8" headphone jack out of the Yamaha PSR-E403 keyboard to an RCA or 1/4" input to the Soundcard. Then in Maschine, go to the Record window and set up your input to be the same input that the soundcard is receiving the Yamaha PSR-E403 keyboard. From there, record into Maschine. If you don't have a soundcard, you could also probably run the 1/8" headphones output of the Yamaha PSR-E403 keyboard to the Mic 1/8" input of your computer and route it that way into Maschine. Another way that this might be possible, but I'm not sure, because I'm not sure of the functionality of the USB cable from the Yamaha PSR-E403 keyboard, would be to export the arrangement or samples created within the Yamaha PSR-E403 keyboard and then just import them back into Maschine via dropping them on open Sound pads for playback. Either way, you should have an option to make it work if you just working with Maschine. Of course, if you're using something like Live, Pro Tools, or Logic, you can always do the same thing discussed above and record into your DAW first and export back out into Maschine. Hope that makes sense. Shoot me any questions if you have any. Enrique's answer is correct in regards to using your hardware as a Midi controller to control the Keyboard option within Maschine. You won't be able to do that unless that USB cable doubles as Midi support, which in this case, I don't think it does but look it up because I might be wrong. You'd only be able to use the Yamaha PSR-E403 keyboard for outputing sounds into Maschine. Get a MIDI keyboard for controlling within Maschine. www.sylencemusic.com
As long as your computer has a headphone jack you won't need an interface to listen to audio.
I ordered mine back in May 2014, and it came with 1.8 in the box, and as soon as I registered my copy of 1.8 NI sent me a reg code for 2.0. I'm pretty sure that it will either come with 2.0 in the box or allow for a download. Version 2.2 is supposed to be out in November 2014.
I think that now it comes with the version two, for the ones that buyed it after its release, but surely you'll need to find one manufactured in that date, as the software comes in a cd.
Hi Issac, Maschine MK2 is designed primarily as a stand alone system, meaning you produce music by using the Maschine hardware along with the included Maschine sequencer/librarian software - you don't need another DAW (in your case, Pro Tools SE). If you mean can you use the Maschine hardware as a midi controller with other DAWs, the short answer is "yes",BUT you should check out the forums on the Native Instruments (the makers of Maschine) website to see if there are specifics about Pro Tools SE. If you mean can Maschine be run as a VST plug in under Pro Tools SE, the best place to direct that question still would be Native Instruments. If you go to their website, you can find an area to submit your question(s) - they usually answer pretty quick. Hope this helps a little.
yes. this is a wealth of new sounds and grooves so it's a great addition to any studio.
Yes that is correct
Yes, but the software may be fine or a problem. If you are looking to record anything but drums and samples on Maschine, you may be better off with Ableton Push, which gives you an entire recording suite to record vocals and other external instruments as well. Maschine seems to work best as a standalone instrument, which isn't all that helpful if you want to record entire songs.
It was already registered and Native Instruments said that unless the registration is relinquished by whoever registered it then it can't be used.
Yes, it comes with 2.0 now.
Yes, you can set it into Midi mode.
Includes Machine 1.8. software.
No it is only a midi controller. It has to be hooked up to a computer to work as a sampler. You can load your own sounds but only through the computer. Hope this helps!
It does when you buy from the Native Instruments website, not sure about Amazon. When I bought it on Amazon 2.0 wasn't out yet.
It ships with 2.0 with a free upgrade to 2.2
Yes
It comes with the Massive Software with the newer versions like the MK I know for sure.
Yes yes yes! If (and that's a big if) you plan on sampling or you also own a USB keyboard. This is what I do; I integrate my work flow with logic pro X (although you can use machines software alone ). It does come with maschine 1.8. It is NOT a standalone maschine. You must connect it to your computer or laptop to use it. Keep in mind it has only 16 pads so this is not ideal to play your keys on. I plug in my USB keyboard and play the sounds (VST) that way and it's brilliant. I highly recommend it, but research the hell out of it before you buy.
If you mean the operating software, yes.
Yes! And these can never arrive DOA. It is a very good product!
Yes
Yes. You recieve free updates and add-ons.
Yes totally. I have Maschine, Acid and Ableton Live installed and works perfect!!
Google "audio interface"
yes
Absolutely! It's perfect because it has the warranty for entire time the child is in school. :)
ABS resin, so basically, plastic.
I believe it's made of polymer.
According to the website it is a Bb clarinet. We did not know of a warranty option but some sellers offer them for a price. So far we have been very happy with the instrument and it is rated as a good student model.
Yes, this does come with a case.
Naw man, I don't think you can, it has a USB cord and unless you can find a apple to female USB cable for iPad and pray that the software supports it (98% sure it doesn't) then no it's just for pc or Mac, they have tons of great ones for the iPad tho, I think Newmark has a real cool one for around 350 400 I think bit it's been a while since I looked at them.
You can hear it threw the laptop and/or threw headphones.
yes, everything. two cables. power and usb. and cd with software.
Hi, it works on Traktor for both Mac and Windows by simply downloading the .tsi file in pioneerdj.com/support. It as well works with any DJ software app for an iPad by buying the WeCai cable to connect it.
I played by ipad, so i will be working with mac.
Hi Cleiton, Yes, we ship worldwide
Its not working but you have some choises upgrade your virtual dj or Serato DJ and also working with djay for ipad & mac
Yes 95% sure it can be used with any mixing program
Hello, will be playing perfectly with out any problem.
Is no necessary, i'm use a netbook without cd/DVD drive and function spectacular...
NO...USB port for flash drive only..
They have built in amps so I have multiple methods to provide signals. I would be careful, we have purchased 3 to get two working units. We could have returned a defective unit but the warrant requirement that we pay to ship the defective unit made it not worth it. The build quality is TERRIBLE. But the two we have working sound incredible and are used daily in my wife's fitness studio. That being said I have had to bypass the on/off switch to keep one working... All in all they have been very well worth the effort because of the price. Good luck!
I'm not sure by your question what you want to sync up to it? Let me know what you're looking to do and maybe I can help.
Sorry I have not used that feature on this system.
It has two 1/4" headphone out jacks that disable the built in speakers, and two 1/4" line out jacks that do not.
Yes it does. It also cone with a foot switch sustain that I recommend replacing With something more realistic.
No. Unless he has a car battery and a 110 volt household inverter, then no.
Any good small full range monitor would be good. A little Roland 30 watt keyboard amp would sound great. Or any powered studio monitors.
I am using a Casio SP3 with mine.
Yes
Yes
As far as I know, it is not possible. I've looked in the user manual and see nothing regarding this. It is, however, possible to hook the digital piano to a computer, and send MIDI data to the computer. If you have the right software, the computer can then play in whatever voice you want.
250 different "sounds" or instruments, but it excels at the piano sound. I am not crazy about the others. It has 128 notes of polyphony, which is good, but somewhere around 200 would be ideal for advanced players if you don't want some sustained notes to drop out during complex pieces. As far as key noise, there is a little, but not noticeable unless you have on headphones, and others are just listening to "key noise". Not really a problem. Overall I give it a 7 of 10, but if I were to do it again, would probably spend more on a more advanced keyboard without all the superfluous bells and whistles.
Yes it can. I use it as one all the time. It has MIDI in and outs or use can use USB to MIDI.
About an inch above privia emblem you'll notice a gap approx 1/3" wide (running length of keyboard), which your fingers can fit in and pull out. You'll also notice grooves on either end of the piano that the cover will stay in as it pulls out. Hope this helps
No, it has a very nice look and an incredible sound & feel to the keys. Great buy as well.
I'm not sure where the piano is made. A sticker on the bottom says "Made in China" but I'm not sure if it is referring to the power supply or the piano itself. The piano does NOT come with headphones or a bench. I purchased those separately. It does not come with any other accessories. Hope this helps.
Yes, you can, but I do not recommend using the headphone jacks as suggested. There is another set of 1/4" stereo jacks (L & R) underneath that are actual line line level instead if the higher impedance level if the headphone jacks. This will give you better volume. I wrote a review and included some tips about the setup. Also make sure you speakers will be facing the piano and not behind. I have my piano against the wall at 90 degrees to my surround sound system and it doesn't sound good if connected because all the front speakers are to my right and behind me. If I placed the piano in the middle of the room it would sound good but would look bad. The built in speakers actually sound great, so no need unless you're looking for a more permanent setup for recording or on a PA system. But for living room use the speakers are great.
That's is not normal. The keys should not stick.
The user guide says to avoid temperature and humidity extremes and to avoid direct sunlight and direct heat sources. Since this is consumer electronics, it will tolerate a much wider range of temperature and humidity than a fine acoustic piano. The ac adaptor spec is 0 to 40 deg C, and 10 to 90% relative humidity.....a very wide range.
The pedals on this keyboard are pretty good - you can do half or quarter pedaling and I've found it to be pretty realistic. I've also never had any problems ever with voices cutting out on this piano due to too many keys pressed at the same time, and as far as I can tell you can hold the pedal down and press every key and they will all continue to sound.
The piano has two 1/4 inch jacks on the front left, below the keys. With a 3.5mm to 1/4 inch adapter you should be able to use most headsets. I bought a Koss set and it came with the adapter.
Yes, it is less expensive than a "real" piano, but feels and sounds pretty much the same, and it is also more compact. Being able to practice with headphones means that the learner can play without disturbing anyone. Being able to record and play back help to listen to one's own performance and better evaluate what needs to be improved, and one can also play one's own accompaniment!
U can't not remove it once it is put together unless you remove whole part unassemble. It is more like real piano than keyboard with stand.
Yes, we have fed it into the sound system at our local theater for our musical theater production.
No. It need the stand.
I've had one for over a year now, I think your best bet is to return it since I never ran across the issue it might just be a defective piece.
Nothing toy-like about this keyboard. Full, rich sound with a variety of settings. Very pleased with both the sound and the touch. Love it!
Yes. It does simulate the piano and forte sounds pretty well. Not as great as a 'real', or what is called an acoustic, but pretty good.
The item is 53.25"L x 11.75"D x 32.5"H and weighs about 70.5lbs, without the stand. It may need 2 people to move it and depending on the size vehicle you have, it may fit.
Yes, the keys are weighted. To an accomplished pianist, it might not feel quite the same as a real piano - but to a casual piano player (student, really) such as myself, it's close enough for my purposes.
No, I had to buy one separately.
Came with mine
Well, not being a technical person in the least, I'd assume that the PX780 can play at a louder volume. I will say with full confidence that the 750 has more than enough volume to be used in a home setting.
There is a UBS port for record and playback, but we have not used it. We are very happy with this product ... like to connect the sound into our theater speakers.
it has a yellow, white, and red...plug in...I'm not sure what they're called but I have hooked it up to another karaoke machine for the speaker....
This is an awesome machine, my son is 9 and he and I sing on this all the time, I would recommend this to anyone. I have an extra microphone so we can use 2 at a time and also it has a volume on the bottom that really turns up the volume.
Yes. Package Includes: 1 Microphone 1 RCA Cord 1 Demo CD+G Disc 1 AC Power Adaptor 1 DC Cord (Connect Between Unit & Pedestal) 1 Audio Cord (Connect Between Unit & Pedestal)
The Aux input is just that, an auxiliary for sound, not words. However, if you have an Ipad there are apps that will allow you to use it as the karaoke screen and the Akai KS808 as the amplifier. BTW, we are very happy with the unit and like that the speakers are built in rather than seperate.
As far as I know, it does not.
it has a red yellow and blue vieo out and audio out. but after 6 weeks mine quit. no power. the speaker is fine but the karokee lost power. no one to help at all, not even an offer to exchange for a discount price. manufacture number given to me by the seller is abolutly no good. I am stuck with this think that cost over almost 200.00. I would not purchas one. but It does not have a jack that acturally says for external speakers. It is sitting here totally useless. I can not even find a place that fixes them. I would not purchase it or give it a good review. It was wonderful when it worked, but really? a 6 weeks worth of use? really
As many songs as are on the karaoke CDs that are purchased separately
The screen pictured to the left of the machine does not come with it. However, it is very easy to connect the karaoke machine to an external t.v. I connect my one to a projector and it works great.
It will play all the Karaoke cds.
Yes, it includes the bench, book, pedals, book stand! We are very happy with our purchase!
Super amazed at how this feels exactly like a real piano. From the key weight, key action, and sound response, this couldn't be further from a toy piano. Really amazed to this point!!!
yes 1yr
I don't think it would hold up well with big, heavy music books. You can always put something more substantial (like very thin plywood) on it, which makes it sturdier and could make it longer to accommodate 4 pages across.
The model we received does have a removable, padded top. There is no storage underneath the top, it opens to the spiral gear system that raises and lowers the bench height. It is very comfortable and the raising and lowering mechanism is top quality and heavy duty.
I'm sorry. I have no clue.
Yes
All 4 of the legs I received are the same so they are interchangeable. The bench is not sturdy at all. Perhaps you did not receive correct legs?
pretty easy.. i was able to assemble this with help from my 11 yr old son in 45 mins..
They are.
Yes, the keys are weighted. I bought this for my girlfriend last year and she loves it. Feels as close to a piano as I've felt as far as keyboards go. Hope this helps!
All 88 keys move and function. If your keyboard has a key that is unmovable than you have a defective keyboard.
About 132.5cm*29.5cm*75cm (4'4''*11''*2'6'')(length width height)
I think that it would. But I would surround it in bubble rap and have it in a bag marked fragile.
Mine did not.
I wouldn't say shaky, but it is narrow. We placed our stand against a wall and it is fine, but the stands narrowness could make it tipsy.
Absolutely, they work great. The neat thing about headphones is you can practice at night when everyone is sleeping. keep in mind the headphones would need to be quarter inch male ends, or you can use an adapter. There are two places on the back to plug into the piano, so two people can listen at the same time. We are using piano marvel with this piano, and are able to connect to a computer and headphones at the same time. It's a little trickier on connections but if you have questions on that I would be happy to help.
It does
I don't know what those things are. I got this to learn how to play on something that didn't soung like an awful keyboard. I know it has a pedal outlet, but you should probably email the manufacturer to get specific information.
You need add some money to buy the Warranty plan. I think is two years warranty.
Yes, there is a music stand that you can attach to the keyboard.
Theone: With so many variables involved, it's difficult to answer. If the desk is as long as, or nearly as long as the keyboard, then it probably will support it. However, I strongly recommend that you invest in a stable, double-x adjustable-height keyboard stand. The main problem with a desk is that its height is likely inappropriate for playing a keyboard, and you may develop serious hand and wrist problems. When you play, your elbows and wrists need to be at parallel heights, and your fingers should curve down to the keys. Yes, you could adjust the height of your chair, but this may make it uncomfortable to use your sustain (hold) pedal. You could try the Casio ARDX for under $30. I think it is probably very stable, although I've never used it. A better bet might be the Yamaha PKBZ1. This Casio keyboard is sometimes bundled with a stand and bench for a good price. Also, read my review comparing this keyboard to the Yamaha P-105.
Yes, the input may be 100-240v and 50/60 Hz
I'm not exactly sure, but I think there are several (3-4) piano voices, a few strings options, a couple organs (jazz, pipe, e.g.), and a few others. As far as helping your son learn the actual organ, this wouldn't really be a help because it doesn't include the foot pedals which are a major feature of playing the organ. But if the aim is just to have him get familiar with the sound, then I suppose this could help. But realistically, playing a real organ is vastly different than playing any piano, electronic or not. And the key distinction is in the action (the weight of the keys), and the use of foot pedals to produce the lower tones. Good luck!
Add about 10 cm on each side from piano's measurements
25 lbs. It's a one hand carry. And the built in amp is all you need for most house gigs. I like mine .
Hi Rachel... it's touch sensitive so the repetitions depend on striking with the same pressure each time. For the money, I've been really happy with this practice piano. Hope this answers your question. Ron
Yes it does. All the voices are very realistic. For the money, I have been very pleased with this keyboard.
You need an 1/4 to 1/8 adapter like this one. http://amzn.com/B000068O3T
Just use an x stand with a sustain pedal. After all its not for performance. turn the volume down if you want softer.
I used mine on an Epiphone SG, which is made in China. It fit that fine, but, I can't say for sure it'll fit your Les Paul. Some of the reviews I've read say it'll fit. Hey, for ten bucks, roll the dice, dude. Ya know?
I would think it fits anything since you need to drill holes for it , I believe it's more a matter of the height of the neck since it sits higher of the body , the action may be to high
The pegs are similar, but are not exact; to change the bridge, the grommets are pulled and re-drilled with a 29/64 inch drill bit, carefully as to not drill to deep. A smaller drill bit to lower the wood inside the hole a bit as well. Then the ABR grommets are set inside to match the ABR pins. The old grommets are not to hard with a screw and a pair of vise grips. if you misplaced the ABR pins, search at Stewart Macdonald's guitar repair for replacements.
As far as I recollect, the wire style was originally an ABR design; however the one I have presently installed does not have the wire. The difference is in the tail piece pins which are larger and the anchor nuts on the bridge (reset into the wood, need to be drilled) are large on the ABR as opposed to the Nashville. You would take the tailpiece off and examine for markings for exact replacement.
It works best with .10s, .12 max. If you like Chromes, I wouldn't go any higher than .10
Fits all the epiphones that use this layout of tailpiece and bridge. Will not fit a one-piece bridge and tailpiece or wrap around bridge.
Not sure about it. Need according to the design of the item
Wow! The ABR is originally designed primarily for older Gibson electrics. Gibson has used several suppliers over the decades of their production runs. I converted a 2013 Gibson les Paul, special drill bit 29/64th inches (be careful on depth and slow) for the tail piece pins (included) and die (tap and die kit) the inset pins (included) for the bridge just slightly. Actually, if your trying to match the things up I check on the bottom of your guitar's tailpiece for the manufacturer unless your local for the stronger grasp of the ABR.
Yes
I don't know since I installed it on a different type of guitar. It has the standard Les Paul fitting.
I don't think it does but it look very beautiful in my aquarium. My fishes colors are enhanced by it and makes great mood lighting well worth the price
I'm not sure what your asking. Could you explain a little more.
Yes I did. The primary reason to buy it was To have light for my plants. With red light they grow faster and with blue light they grow very slow. The color has a clear reaction on photosyntesis. Good choice
Yes!
Yes. 50.8 to be exact.
Yes it will.
lights up green again, you use the remote to change the color always.
I have no clue and gave up trying after a day. Try looking on youtube. I also found that the fish really, really don't like rapid changes in lighting or colors. Slow fades are ok if that's your thing, but rapid changes gave some of my fish what looked like seizures, so I'd suggest picking a color for mood lighting and leave it there. Change the color as you like, but don't have it cycling rapidly between colors. I feel the health of the animal is more important than my amusement.
If a suction cup would stick to it you can use the light. I love mine.
Depends on how bright you'd like it. I have a 45 gallon and considering an additional light. On a side note, half of the blue bulbs stopped working less than 6 months in.
When I bought my Hercules holder I had an iPad 1. Recently bought an Air. The iPad Air does fit although it is about 1" narrower than the old iPads. It's not a perfect fit but good enough that I'm gonna keep using it. Good luck.
Hi Mitch. I own and really love this stand. I'm a musician and Hercules is an iconic name in the music instrument world. To answer you question, yes, you can rotate the holder to suit your view all day long. I do it myself. I also liked that in one stand I can go from tripod to mic stand very easily. My only gripe (and I was going to leave this in my review) is that there is a small "U" shaped rubber piece to protect the exposed edge when in landscape mode and it absolutely needs to be improved upon. I get that it can't be too long on one side, or it will cover the screen, but being U shaped it doesn't come up the back very far and because the back is tapered the thing falls off all the time if you pick it up/walk around with it. It also falls off if you slide the thing around. What they needed to do was make a "J" shaped rubber piece that would go up high on the back end. This would have solved all these issues. Other than that I totally love it. I am not using an iPad Air, so I can't answer that, but I can say there is no way to adjust the depth, so it may be a little loose. You'd have to try for yourself or find someone else on that one. Hope that helps. -Jeff
I purchased this holder for my 11" HP Touchpad - sans case. It is a great holder - sturdy, non-skid, adjustable to fit my 11" touchpad, and it attaches to camera tripod and music stand with post/stand accessory. FYI - I use it daily. Although, I do not think any case would fit into "sleeve/holder".
Push it completely on the Mount I made an error when I set my mine up and I discovered that you need to completely push it on Mount it is an awesome device
It will attach well enough to hold it securely, the ipad 2 is basically the same size so the case just needs to have a grip from the frame of the holder, I use mine with a semi soft case and it's very secure, I believe the Otterbox case will secure in as well.
I have not but it works great with the IPad 2
I don't think it would. It fits my 10" Asus but with little width to spare.
I think it will because it slides open. I have used this with my acer a500 and a friend had the iklip for his iPad 3. In my opinion the Hercules is 10 times easier and stronger. I would recommend you buy it from a place with a good return policy.
You may install reason on any computer you like, but you can only use it on one computer at a time. Essentially you need the "ignition key" (a small device plugged into the USB port) to use the software, or you can verify by internet, but you cannot have more than one verified session at a time.
If you buy the physical copy (i.e. not downloaded), it will run on either PC or Mac, as both are included on the disc. If you download it from the Propellerhead website, I think you have to click on the Mac version.
Not a clue... no Macs here. Don't think Sibelius is in the mix, either. The S/W was a gift.
If you bought it after a certain date it does, just depends on when that was. Check propellarheads site
Any computer that has strong processing power and a good amount of ram. I love the Sony vaio and of course and MacBook Pro will work fine. Be sure to consider having a quad core processor. Intel makes great ones. Also 8 gb of ram will plenty of ram. And for a hard drive any SATA 7200 will work but of course solid state drives will deliver surperior performance! I recommend a MacBook Pro with the specifications of your choosing!
Yes with a DMX controller
About 38 degrees
It does not come with clamps. Only the light, power cord, and a manual.
Having possession of a warranty card from the product does not guarantee the warranty. Per Chauvet's website, "Chauvet doesn't warrant any product purchased from an unauthorized dealer or distributor." So as long as you are purchasing from an authorized Chauvet dealer within the Amazon marketplace, you should be covered. Dealer list is provided at http://www.chauvetlighting.com/chauvet-dealers/
yes
No. Hey are more of a spot
I'm assuming "incandescent" spotlighting means warm lights. I would say if you used a DMX mixer, you could achieve a warm light feel close to the 2600-3100 Kelvin scale. However, if it is beam angle you need, it's fairly wide compared to "spot" lights.
With a mixer/controller, you can do that. Otherwise, without a direct link, you'll have to manually set colors.
It's got an IEC power inlet and a normal 3 pole "Edison" or 5-15 outlet to feed the next light.
Power linking means that you can plug one fixture into an outlet and all other fixtures can be plugged into one another. That way you don't have to find lots of outlets. Super convenient.
Not sure what you mean by "chip of rhythm", but it has a host of percussive sounds, drum kits, and a style mode in which rhythmic accompaniments can be set to play automatically behind your melody lines and chord progressions.
Looking at it now, I don't find any oriental sounds. Other sounds over all are excellent. A few months after purchas I played a Yamaha psr950. The voices blew away anything I've ever heard except the actual instrument. It's 800 more money , but if you're future proofing it's the one. Also don't know if it has oriental voices sorry
No, Korg strictly forbids U.S. dealers from shipping to other countries. You might find a U.S. dealer willing to violate their contract with Korg to ship to you but it would also not have a warranty in your country. Similarly, all of these Japanese dealers cannot offer warranties in the U.S. or Chile, though they might be willing to sell to you anyway. If the keyboard has a problem you will be on your own.
Just weighed mine. About 25 ibs. It ships with heavy gauge cardboard. But, 61 ibs seems excessive.
Hi David it comes the keyboard alone and it's brand new packed in the box great packed very nice seller and was shipped quickly and was very very happy
Yes of course there are stereo line outputs thanks from 8thstreet Music
just over 31 lbs
No. But it's a lot of bang for the bucks
Might be redundant but you would get some cool sounds with it added if you get a nice price on it.
Yep
It takes Both
No; not sure why you would need it on this type of pedal. Defeats the purpose. But, effects can be modified to personal taste.
No, doesn't have looper. Zoom G3 does. But, I think best Looper is TC Ditto, if you've got the funds maybe consider the TC and the Vox Hope this helps you
I do not believe so, mine is for 110. I would though defer the question to a Vox rep.
I'm not expert, but i bought mine about a month ago, and have been using it every day with no issues. Not sure how familiar you are with the pedal so far, but in the case of this pedal, reading the manual is not only recommended, it is a necessity if you want to understand how to program it and set the effects up for a live performance, or even to use it adeptly at home. The expression pedal only affects certain effects. When an effect that uses the pedal is selected, a little red light turns on beside the pedal to indicate that you can use it to adjust the effect. If it has no effect at all, even on an effect where the expression pedal light is lit up, then follow the instructions in the manual on how to re-calibrate the expression pedal. It's very easy. If it still does not work after re-calibrating it, perhaps it's a defect.
I believe it would. I use with a practice amp, a Vox Pathfinder 10 and it also sounds great. I also use it with my Carvin X100B 212 tube amp combo. The pedal sounds great with transistors or tubes; with a 6.5 inch speaker or two 12 inch Celestions. For the price, the Stomplab is versatile and user friendly.
No, our this item don't come with a string retainer bar.
No, our this item don't come with a string retainer bar.
I would not buy this bridge. It dor something nother fit the standard Floyd rose area. It is slightly smaller so I'd you are replacing a Floyd rose it won't work. It had all the parts you need but over all this thing is a cheap imitation. You get what you pay for
Yes, all hardware fits. I even mismatched the black and chrome. It looks cool
Yes it does. The locking nut is included.
Not unless you have a tech to router out some of the hole because there is a difference in the block size. Does not flush mount
Then you're in luck.
Yes. I used them on a acoustic bass.
it seemed to work really well on the Ibanez BTB I had put them on. fit right in with no issues. I don't know about exact models it'll fit. I'm not a luthier just a player.
I think they should I don't have a ibanez but I used them on a cheap bass the brand of the bass was infinity that I used them on
Not sure honestly. Was used on an Ibanez SR700. Worked really well for the price. Looked just like the stock ones. took 2 minutes to put them on, no tuning issues(I play in Eb)
No they would not for one it is a 4 sting set. You will need a 5 string set that goes on either side of the head stock depending on how the bass is set up. This link would probably be your best bet. http://www.amazon.com/IKN-Black-String-Tuning-Machine/dp/B00CALJ148/ref=sr_1_58?ie=UTF8&qid=1403046310&sr=8-58&keywords=5+string+bass+tuners
These are better for a fender style with all on one side.
not sure I have a Peavey and the screw holes did not line up I was disappointed and now they are useless to me.
Hi, I used these tuners on an art piece so they are mounted similarly to how you would on a traditional bass guitar head but not exactly. A quick measure of the tuners makes me think that yes 17.5mm would work however no guarantee on that because I'm not actually measuring the holes since the tuners are installed already. Good luck.
Headstock of my bass was 1/2" and they fit fine. You probably have about an 1/8" of wiggle though, if you don't mind shortening the space for winding strings.
Youtube has a movie clip about assembling the stand. I thought I had a missing piece, too. But you should have everything in the box.
There is a set screw. love the stand!
I received the one in the first picture. Not sure how to get the third. Maybe try to contact seller.
Its loud, the fan is loud enough to hear when I am not in production.....
Yes it will work great with your speakers the amplifier don't push 2000 w as the manufacture say
Yes
Should be able to handle those easily. I have a pair of Peavey's with 15" woofers and horn...handles them just fine!
no
Need a pre amp
Hi Tyrus, I think the amp is more than sufficient. Please start at low volume otherwise it may damage the speakers. I have used this amp with a couple of speakers between 300W to 500W and it performs well. Thanks and I hope this helps Fernando
Yes it will.
Yes
will not power all 8ohms speakers
The iKeys sold here on Amazon comes with a 30-pin cable. They have a new version with Lightning. See their website. I have an Apple 30-pin to Lightning adapter so I can use my older 30-pin peripherals - it works great. I also have the original iRig MIDI adapter which is also 30-pin. Both of these products are great and work well. They are cheaper so if you have the Apple 30-pin to Lightning adapter, you're all set to go. If you don't have an investment in 30-pin peripheral devices and have a Lightning iOS device, then get the second generation version.
The white keys are about .6 inch wide. A full size keyboard is about .8 inch. There is not as much space below teh black keys - less than half the space on a full size keyboard.
No, is a controller so it has no sound. But you can plug into your iPhone using garage band or any other music/keyboard app and plug your iPhone to the amp or sound system.
Yes, absolutely. It's class compliant, so it will work with windows, mac, anything that accepts class compliant USB midi devices. Just plug the USB cable into both your device and computer, and windows will recognize it. Next, go into Cakewalk and select it as a midi input in settings.
It's 20" wide, so I doubt that it would fit in a laptop bag.
There is a new version called "iRig KEYS with Lightning" that includes it, or you can purchase just the Lightning cable directly from IK Multimedia separately.
I have the MAC MINI. I think it is compatible with windows but always check first go to YouTube that's what I did. If it is compatible and you need a microphone you can purchase the irig microphone also bit if you need a mic with an USB than get the YETTI.
Probably not and android versions under 5.0 are terrible to work with audio/midi. Maybe android 5.0 can work whit this but i'm not sure.
Yes it works as a USB MIDI controller on Windows PCs
What program are you using? If your yin garage band, sset it to piano and your good to go
Seems to be a standard size. The guitar tech just fit them right in
They are Humbuckers.
The output is around 10k for the bridge and 8k for the neck. I took the cover off of one once to fix a wire that I broke and the pickup coil had B.C. Rich printed on it. Great pups, I've used several sets in different guitars.
It fits on my '77 lespaul custom, but i had to keep the old rings(contour of pickup) cause the screws were not perfectly aligned
Not sure if they will fit, these pickups are junk don't waste your money
The pickups I got had shielded wire meaning the ground was bare wire around the other wire like a coax cable for a tv
You cant go wrong with these,I have ordered many sets,for all of my many guitars.With this price you have nothing to loose
Yes 1 surround, 2 springs and 2 humbucker screws.
I don't know I haven't used them yet
It would depend on the model...these fit in most Gibson's such as SG, 335, and basic models of Les Paul's but Gibson's do offer different pick-ups on the more expensive models...but if you order be advised it took 30 days for me to get them because they ship from China...
I am going to assume you have the pickups and are looking to install them. The red wire doesn't help me. Many pickups come with a red wire, they are different on different makes, and sometimes even different on the same model, production run to production run. What will help you is the bezel or trim ring. These pickups come with trim rings. Turn the pickup sideways and compare the two. You will immediately notice that one trim ring is thicker than than the other. You will also be able to tell the direction if you turn them sideways as there is an angle to the thickness as well, the thicker edge being installed toward the bridge. That thicker pickup is for the bridge position. The thicker ring being allowed because the strings are higher at the bridge than they are at the neck.
2 wire and I would guess the write are about a foot long....plenty long enough for a gibson les paul Hope this helps
Yes
about the same you will have too pay about 100 dollars for better ones but for the price can't beat these , they sound pretty good
Black is labeled bridge and Red is labeled Neck on my set.
It's a little tricky to explain with this set because on the Guitar that I mounted these pickups to. I only actually used Pickup, out of the two that came with the set. They sound just as Hardcore, and amazing as they should still, but whats important to remember here, is that if you're going to be using both. Pay close attention not to weither the main wire is black or red, here, because they'll both work just as fine. but when you have either the red cable, or the black one ... they have tiny shielded wires within them ... these are the important ones... one of the tiny wires is shielded with Solder, and the other one is a tiny white cable. those are the ones you wanna make sure you wire correctly when you're changing out the pickups on your guitar of choice.
They are 3 5/8" wide including the trim, by 1 13/16" wide including the trim. The depth is adjustable. There are practical concerns with the adjustability, IE: Too high will hit the strings, too low will not pick up the sound well. That said, they will intrude into the guitar body between 1/4" at the lowest to about 3/4" at their deepest. The pickups themselves are standard sized humbuckers, IE: 1 1/2" wide by 2 3/4" length by 5/8" thick.
They are double coil humbuckers, but not the coil splitting type. They are all plastic and will require shielding in the pickup cavity of your guitar (they pick up a lot of ambient 60 hz ie noise)
No. They're meant for a 6 stringed guitar and probably wouldn't sound very good in a bass.
Yes. Hot and ground. The grounds go to the main ground circuit that includes the bridge, the backs of the volume and tone pots, etc. The hot leads go to the separate volume pots. Do a search online for wiring diagrams, say Schecter or Ibanez, or even Gibson. You would be surprised what is out there. Complete wiring diagrams for anything you have in mind. What you are probably used to is four wire leads from a Humbucker, that is so each coil can be accessed individually. Of course when you use them that way you defeat the Humbucking circuit and come back to a single coil output, but it gives you the option of obtaining that single coil sound from a Humbucker. These Humbuckers are not set up for that, but are set up as most traditional Humbuckers with two wire leads. They could be converted to four leads with a little work if you knew what you were doing. Hope I helped. Do that search and you will find wiring diagrams that will give you the schematics you need.
Yes ! But only use an amp of less wattage .than the power pod .
According to the manual its a break point between the main out and built in amplifier. So its a lower power output for sending to another amplifier.
there are four av jacks on the front and a main one on the back we use ours for kareeokee its pluged into the front av jack which sounds great,we also use a small tv for a bigger monitor overall our own private system,just as good as any in a bar,hope this helps.
You'll need a wireless receiver to use a wireless microphone but you could plug a receiver into one of the channels on this PA to get sound.
Yes but they are very midrangy sounding and can double as floor wedges.
Yes but watch your ohms
I added a karokee machine and a monitor if this helps.
yes we have ours hooked up to a kareeokee machine and it feeds to a tv for a bigger screen,great sound and lots of fun hope this helps.
I would ask the seller this question but I bought this for karaoke. I have four microphones plugged in and they all work great.
Yes, there is a power cord. It is attached to the back of the PA head.
Yes, you can tune each oscillator separately as well. I don't use any software with it, but have played with onboard settings, and they are very versatile.
I have ultranova, but both synths has same engine. So if I plug UN to mono power amp I will have only R or L channel on stereo patches. If you going to play bass or any mono sound (without FX) this doesn't matter, both channels yield same signal. But if you have mono amp and want to play stereo sounds (loosing stereo but saving spectrum) you can make (or buy) stereo to mono cable and mixdown both channels in mono like this http://www.cambridge-mt.com/SitePix/Fig2-7aUpdate.jpg May be need to change resistors to 2.5K, depends on your amp
You can certainly tweak, create and edit your own patches using the MinoNova interface, but it isn't recommended because it's not the most user friendly environment do it in. The DAW software acts as a bonus to alleviate bouncing around sub menus.
Yes
Not sure about a keyboard, but i know you can with a guitar.
If you're talking about the pedal than i would say yes. But make sure to do your research before, just to make sure.
The synth doesn't have a drum machine, but it comes with Ableton Live Lite, which does have a drum machine.
Yes it does.
Thank you for your inquiry. The Mininova comes packaged with a gooseneck microphone by the manufacturer.
Nope, its strengths are on synth sounds and vocoder. The "piano" or "keyboard" sounds are passable.
This device or preamp, is flushmounted on the side of the acustic guitar and the sensor is situated under the sandle . For more information send me your tel number and I'll send you pictures of the actual instalation
It is about 3.39x 2.13in
Hi Mark, I do not advice you to change your TP-4T original takamine pre-amp of your dreadnought, specially because the curve of this preamp is completely different from yours almost located close to the neck. The new preamp should be almost 13 cmts away from the heel of the neck. Hope this will help in your choice.
Sorry, I am not sure, but try to type the model of your Ibanez and search and see what is the replacement p/n.
The pieze pickup is70mm x 3mm wide, 2mm thick. The cable is 250mm.
Replace the battery. If it still no sound the unit has crashed.
Sorry, I would't be much help. I put the the EQ in a very inexpensive acoustic bass guitar (Skye) because the one that came with it didn't work. (I got the guitar free) It works but I had to make the original hole larger (cut) to make it fit. I do like the EQ, although I don't think it is a good match for acoustic bass.
Yes. But, whenever you use an under-saddle pick up, you will have to modify the bridge and adjust the action on your guitar. If you do not have the knowledge, tools or skills to do that, you will need to take it to a luthier to get it done properly. Also, you will have to cut a hole in the upper left hand bout of your guitar to fit the control. These are not necessarily easy tasks. Good luck.
I don't know what size those holes are but it fit my fender acoustic perfectly, so I assume it will at least fit your acoustic - the screw holes are very small. Don't know if this helps..
Yes, my purchase was 3 rights and 3 lefts (for an acoustic) and they were a bit smaller overall than the originals, but they are the same size and style as factory on my RG electric. For the price they are great tuners and tune and hold nicely. These are not cheap feeling or looking. The part the string winds around is about 1.5mm shorter than my RG factory tuners but that has no effect on tuning. Hope that helps.
They will work I promise they are kinda small but they are great tuning machines
No
They are about the size of average 6 string guitars just a little smaller but I had to widen each whole for them to fit in the guitar
Yes you can, and I have done so. Start with the gain very low, and the volume out on the keyboard very low, and adjust your settings from there. I have also plugged in an electronic drum set. Worked great.
Yes. Get a USB cable and it will work with your MacBook Pro
Yes it works with Audacity. But you can download an excellent DAW from www.reaper.fm for free which it is also compatible.
Get in touch with Focusrite technical support via the Focusrite website to help get your problem resolved.
Not sure about the Scarlett Solo, but this is made for ipad / garageband. 1 downside is I cannot use the monitor feature (Audio out) without the ipad plugged in. So basically, if I just want to plug in live and get live sound from this unit(because it provides phantom power for my condenser mix, I have to plug in my ipad...:-( Otherwise it works pretty well, just wish I could jam without plugging in another device to record!
I would get the highest quality you can afford. This is fine for hobbyist quality but if you want professional type recording I would think you need something better
As long as the jack fits in it, it can record it. :p
Yes, the connections are the only difference in the two models.
I wouldn't say it has better song quality but it is good to play songs through. You can't beat the price on this im using it right now to make a beat. This product is very reliable
Using it thru ipad and garage band u can use some enhancement, reverb, echo, or guitar model amps, then record it, as far as i know, mixer is not recommended in recording , mostly its used in live, in my own opinion.
There shouldn't be a problem. I installed it on a Windows 7 computer as well as a Mac. The only difference was I used Pro Tools 10 and 11 and it worked fine.
Yes it should
The "M.A.P." or Minimum Advertised Price of this product, as set by the manufacturer, is $199.99. Anyone that advertises a price lower than that is violating the manufacturer's MAP Policy. Such a Seller is likely not a legitimate Factory Authorized Dealer, meaning that they are possibly selling used, stolen, or "Grey Market" goods. (Grey Market goods are goods imported around the Authorized Dealer network, such as when you purchase a product directly from Japan). If the Seller is not an Authorized Dealer then you will likely not get a warranty. This is especially true of Grey Market goods. If the Seller IS an authorized dealer and they are violating MAP, then they will get a reprimand from the manufacturer. That is most likely why you have seen the price jump back up from last week. The advertiser(s) were probably reprimanded and they corrected their pricing. Depending upon the manufacturer, two or more cases of violating MAP will get their dealership suspended or revoked. At that point dealers will often blow the merchandise out below MAP just to get rid of it and because there are no longer any repercussion for doing so. Some manufacturers are more strict about MAP than others, and some larger dealers--such as Amazon direct--can get away with violating MAP more often than others, since most manufacturers cannot afford to lose their business. When one dealer lowers their price others will often meet or beat the price and a mini price war drops the price further. While some manufacturers have hired a service to police these violations daily, others wait for another dealer to complain before contacting violators. Focusrite appears to belong to the latter group, as violations linger--sometimes for weeks. If all of this sounds like price fixing to you, well you are not the first one to make that observation. MAP has been taken all the way to the Supreme Court, and MAP has been determined to be legal since it is the manufacturer setting the price to make selling their products profitable as opposed to collusion on the part of the Sellers. I hope this information helps. Audio-Depot
Can you be a little more specific? This Focusrite interface comes with a the Scarlett Compressor plugin, which I've found quite useful, if that's what you're asking. This interface has a clean, nearly-transparent sound, and is a great unit for the money. However, getting a studio-like quality recording depends on a huge variety of factors (mic locations, mic/patch cable quality, room acoustics, etc, etc, etc). If you're looking to build your own home studio, this is a great interface to consider.
It is powered by usb through your computer. No other power supply is needed.
I find I often can't get a hot enough level on my Sony MDR7506's when direct monitoring the mic inputs, so I'm thinking yes. Playback through the headphones isn't quite as bad, but to hear the mic pres adequately without clipping them is hard if I'm in the same room as what I'm recording.
Yes. There's a knob that allows a user to adjust the ratio of input signal to playback signal in your headphones. This means that you can adjust the monitor to be 100% playback signal, where you'd be able to hear the track as you record in the DAW, but not the signal being produced from whatever mic or instrument you've got plugged in. Conversely, at 100% input, you'd hear only the instruments or mics that are hooked up. There is no delay in the input signal, as it is coming directly through the audio interface and not from your computer. However, if you are performing a vocal track and you have some of the playback present in your monitor, you may notice that when you've finished your performance and you listen back, the vocal track may not fit well with the rest of the music. This is not a problem with your audio interface, and with minor tweaking with the vocal track in the DAW, you can line things up nicely. You can also set up your DAW to adjust for these types of issues, but I've personally not had much luck with that. Tweaking things by hand has never been a problem. Hope this information helps! I love this interface.
Two channels (can be stereo - left and right)
Yes. The included DAW is Ableton Live Lite, which can run up to 8 tracks simultaneously. If you already have another software products then it will depend on their particular limitations. To find more info about Live Lite you can head over to Ableton's website.
Yes you can, even though quality wise it may be better to record them separately.
This WILL NOT with with Chauvet show express. It won't work with American dj software either. I use free-styler, and works seamless.
Yes, we will have this kind of product which can work with win8 in the near future. We are still developing.
Yes. That is what I have used with the one I purchased.
I use it with freestyle of Sunlite. Had no problem with it. I have not used it with any other software. I believe it should work...
Not sure. It worked with a couple computer programs we had for lights. I would assume if the program has USB interface that it would work... But I am unfamiliar with that program.
This item can be work for windows 8,if you bought from penny,we will solve the problem for you any time.
No I can't install the driver that came with the dmx cord. I work on alot of computers too I know how to install software & drivers.
There is a good chance it will run on windows 7 but window 8 RT is very unlikely (download apps only) window 8 Professional - don't know!
Haven't tried it with that specific combination but it should work just fine. I have had great success with this device.
Hi, I am still waiting for it to arrive should be here in the next week, will check when I receive it, send me the question again in about a weeks time. Ricky
Pass on this partner. I fought with it for too long to be able to return it. $50.00 mistake.
Yes it dose it works with analog and RGB lights deciphering the two with the program , not all dj dmx lights are listed but you can make your own. All this doggle dose is be able for the end user to be able to use a laptop to talk with the dmx lights so far I'm impressed with the dmx doggle the best program to use is freestyler it isan open source program and best of all it's free if you need any more help add yourself to my fan page facebook.com/DJKIDD14 .hope that helps. DJ KIDD
should have a red and green light on if it is receiving signal correctly. make sure you have installed the software correctly that came with it and are using a compatible dmx software. also make sure you have selected the device as an output option within the dmx software
If it outputs to artnet, you can run the artnet driver that comes with it. You'll lose a bit of functionality. I use QLC +.
I had a similar problem but I thought it was the LED unit that I was using it with. I don't have any other equipment to test it on. I used the command line interface to issue DMX commands and found that if I sent the same one a few times it would eventually take. It was not consistent and I suspect a timing issue that could be corrected in the internal microcontroller. They are programmable so I was going to tweak the settings and try again. The LED unit I purchased is not powerful enough for my application so I never got around to it. It was an older/compatible model related to uDMX units. I got information on them here: http://www.anyma.ch/research/udmx/
I just set this up on a Windows 7 pc the other day (it had been running on an old xp machine), and it is a pain, but it does work with freestyler. Did you get the disc that comes with it? That small disc had the drivers for me. Then I downloaded freestyler online. I am thinking that the directions on the driver is something like "install first" and then plug in. Sorry I wasn't more helpful, but it will run freestyler once the drivers are set up.
Try to google it.
No you have to use a chauvet dongle with show express.
Definitely not
Check the CD that came with it for drivers.
Mine did not have accessible batteries but holds a charge. I plug it in for a couple of hours and then it works beautifully for several hours until it needs a recharging
This light is not very heavy so I think you'd be okay with it. However, I have the other kind of music stand so am not 100% sure of that answer! Other option would be putting your music in a binder and clipping the light to the binder. The grip on the clip is very tight.
all you have to do is hook the charger up leave it for awhile then you can run the light with or without the chord. However if you have a 4hr use I would recommend letting it charge a couple of hour's before the event it holds a charge about 6 hour's and it is a really good light.
I'm not sure of the actual numbers, but when it's charged, it's great! I use it every week,we play for 3 hours straight, and I will occasionally forget to charge it, and it's good to go the next week!
The lamp itself is 8"x1 1/2 and the gooseneck is about ten inches. I use it on a band music stand.
The unit has a rechargable battery inside. The cord is for recharging, although as with cell phones, you can use it plugged in, too. If I recall, new units are to be charged for some prescribed time, or overnight, before using. They arrive with a small charge, but not much. Hope that helps. SLH
The part with the LEDs is 8 inches long. The gooseneck is 10 1/2 inches. The base is 3 1/2 by 2 inches.
I believe it will work
I'd recommend something a little higher quality personally.
We have had the same issue with this microphone. If you still have the packaging, send it back!
Did you put the mic as your default?
Mine has never worked because the program was In Japanese
Honestly, don't get it. It's set to be paired with a Japanese karaoke software that has a limited amount of songs. Only a fraction of which are in English
For the price I can't complain but it's omnidirectional and pics up every little background noise
I have no idea, I'm sorry.
Not sure.
Maybe I kno it wasn't picking me up talking w normal talking voice maybe if u where being louder maybe
Hello, this release got 2.0v. Later, you will download the latest Firmware and install (2.1v). Sound really awesome!!
If I understand your question correctly, yes ... when you attach the G3X to the computer via usb and you have headphones attached to the G3X, when you play/record in your DAW software, it outputs to the G3X. I surprisingly didn't notice much latency doing this. I hope this helps.
It is light weight but seems pretty strongly built -- maybe strong plastic. Not overly fragile. I have a couple of different zoom products and they are very good.
My G3X model ac adapter is rated 100-240V.
A fender amplifier, or any other guitar amplifier would work well with this pedal.
The acoustic simulator pedal on there has a decent clean sound to it. It's not as rich or full sounding as a real acoustic would be obviously. I haven't tried using an acoustic electric through it so I can't speak on that part. This video may help give you a good idea of what it sounds like with acoustic simulation. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E2w90ODqvSA
Yes, you can use the 1/4" L/R outputs or an XLR cable to route your signal straight to the mixer. No need for an amp if you use the amp modeling in the G3X.
No. That's the one downside
There are two 1/4" inputs. One just says "input." The other says "control input." Not sure what that means.. if that's another way of saying "aux" or not.
The specs printed on the adapter read Input: 100 - 240V ,50/60Hz Max 0.3A Output: 9V 500ma. Sorry I'm unfamiliar with the autovolt term, but I hope this helps.
If you order through Amazon and choose Expedited shipping, the product should arrive within 2 business days. The shipping method will be UPS 2nd day. We will need to receive the order from Amazon no later than 4pm EST for the order to ship today. Regards, Customer Service Team
Yes
One per tripod.. You will need to buy 2 to cover 2 tripods
Yes they do they each come in their own zipper bag.
Hi this is for a standard Dreadnaught guitar, Like the Gemini II
My guess is probably not. I purchased this gig bag for a Martin D-1 (basic dreadnaught size/shape), and it was too shallow (i.e. wouldn't fit the body of the guitar).
Hi there - Depends on the body size of your resonator. If it is a dreadnaught size, then yes, this would fit. Anything smaller than that will fit, too. Just not a snug. Really the only size that won't fit in here is a Jumbo. - Andy
yes it is a dreadnought guitar bag..it will fit
I believe this is a smaller body guitar than a standard dreadnought which is what I have in this case. So yes it would fit, however I'm not sure if it would actually be too large for your guitar. If you measure the total length of your guitar and let me know I'd be happy to measure the inside case length for you. Hope this helps.
i think it can not
Carlo, I just looked and I have about an inch and a half free space above the head. My Fender measures just a bit over 41 inches. Hope this helps.
This bag fits full size dreadnought acoustics. It fits my fender dreadnought no problem.
I think the 730s is a dreadnought. If so then yes it will fit.
This bag fits that model perfectly, we sell both of these and have confirmed the fitment several times. Apologies for no picture.
17" equilateral triangle.
They're great with weight. I have large 8" monitors on mine and they hold up very well. They are locking so you can pretty much put whatever you want on them.
9" x 9"
Hi, it is 9 inches by 9 inches. Thanks
Yes. It uses the aux cable to connect iPad to karaoke player. Any device with a headphone jack will work
Yes
You can use karaoke apps on your iPad and connect it to the karaoke machine for sound... But the lyrics will show on your tablet, not on the tv. I loaded Instalyrics too... Not strictly karaoke but a lot of fun. Play anything you have in your iTunes or music library -when the music starts go to Instalyrics - the app will find lyrics so you can singalong. Connecting up to this karaoke machine gives you the benefit of good sound and the mic.
Yes. It works.
It comes with 1 microphone, but it has an additional jack where you can hook up another one, as well.
No. Hard wire only.
There is no VGA connector on the back but there is an RCA connector, which most projectors can take as an input. There are also 2 RCA connectors for audio out.
Not sure. Sorry I bought this for my for a eleven year for Christmas and he says he loves it.
Any tablet
No screen, but you can connect it to the tv. simple plug and play
No. The best way to describe this is 3 Flashback Delays with a built in tap tempo. This unit only has 30 seconds of loop time compared to the Ditto's 5 minutes. The X4 is designed to have the extra pre-sets. There is a way to adjust the delay time (not tap but holding down the button and then strumming the tempo) on the original Flashback. Ultimately I would say the only difference between the two are extra storage banks on the x4. Ultimately your decision may depend on how much loop time you want. The other difference is the x4 has two more delay options. Hope I helped!
I had this model and actually sold it for the smaller model to conserve pedal board space. The controls are simple and I would say you could get the edge sound close enough and about any other sound from it. My buddy has a Strymon. Everyone says they are the best, but I prefer my flashback. I would definitely recommend this pedal. The looper is a nice addition I used a lot to practice solos.
Yes it does.
As it says in the video. .. U don't need a Manuel. You just tweak your groove!! Really easy to use. I run my Moog voyager threw it. Wow. Cheers ;-)!
Yes. As per product description: "Flashback X4 allows for MIDI clock sync - perfecting delay times to your exact wishes. You can change presets and control X4 externally, for example if you wanna have it in a rack or safely in your backline."
It has more types of delays and instant access to 3 presets. The size is three times bigger than the basic Flashback. The knobs are much bigger as well.
remo mallet heads actually sound good with remo drums ... however, the handle/stick is a light-weight dowel ... so, even though the beater head looks cheap, i replace the handle/stick with a natural stick with more weight and ergonomic appeal ... another option is to cover the the felt beater head with a light-weight leather as well as replace the stick ... otherwise, like most personal preferences, you'll just have to try different commercial beaters or make your own -- best, e
This drum is not tunable because it requires no tuning. The synthetic drum head as well as the drum rim, which is made through the lamination of many layers of "paper" under pressure, both of which are extremely stable. Therefore temp/humidity conditions do not affect its tonal quality.
The drum head is stationary and requires no further tuning. Presumably you're aware that the shell of the drum must be unrestricted (other than the ropes) in order to resonate the vibration of the drum head which is synthetic and is not affected by temp/ humidity changes. IN OTHER WORDS YOU MUST HOLD THE DRUM BY THE ROPES WHEN PLAYING IT. LAYING THE DRUM FLAT ON A SURFACE SUCH AS THE FLOOR OR TABLE THEN BEATING ON IT WILL PRO DUCE THE SOUND YOU DESCRIBED.
I asked this question myself -- and was told by West Music's Alex Adams (one of the folks who made the YouTube video on Remo drums) that the skin of the Buffalo drum is not absorptive, it's a bit like naugahyde vinyl. That quality plus being constantly beat means that it would be very difficult for any paint to last. I did not ask about painting the sides, however, and they are covered with a fairly rough burlap feeling material. That may have potential. . . .
LoveJoyPeace, good sound is subjective. This dark drum resonates with me, played with mallets or fingers. It is a dark sound. If you're looking for a traditional frame drum sound, you may want a white drum.
Yes. It's actually a nice package. Comes with the guilele, strings, tuner, two picks and gig bag. Has a nice sound to be so small. I recommend it. Hope this helps.
It would be a little wider than the tenor and slightly smaller than a full size guitar. Its a fun little instrument. I suffer from Ukulele acquisition syndrome ( Buying more Uks than I really need) so I play both on a regular bases the Guilele gives you the Uk sound with a guitar feel. Hope that helps Scott
The one we bought did yes. Although it ended up being strapped to a back back for 6 weeks while travelling through Europe...Strap did come in handy though
I'd say so. Doesn't take up that much space while traveling
The guitelele is more like a guitar with the sound of a ukulele.more notes..choises
I bought both. I did not like the Yamaha GL1 so I gave it away as a gift. The problem I had with the Yamaha was the width of the neck. It seemed very wide. Felt like I was playing a 12 string or a very wide neck Spanish guitar. So if you like a wide neck the Yamaha would be the one, the Cordoba worked better for me as the neck was smaller and seemed easier to play. I hope that helps
It's pretty much as wide as a standard guitar. The frets are just closer together. It's kind of like playing mini chords but it's still pretty fun. The neck is wider than a uke
I did and it worked fine with light tension, but it says not to. I'd suggest buying aquila guilele strings
Yes
Other reviews stated that a standard case was too small for it so I followed another reviewers suggestion here and bought a case from Amazon. The Carrion C-2901 Fretted Resonator Banjo Case. It fits perfectly in it.
No. It's 1 3/4". Like a guitar.
I found mine at Musician's Friend for $59 - it's quite study, has more than enough room and if anything deserves a pricier banjo! Quite happy with it (and the banjo, btw). do a search for "Musician's Gear Durafoam Shaped Banjo Case"
The neck is much thicker and heavier than a standard banjo,using a strap that is not slippery so it will grip your clothing will hep.Playing while seated "is" frustrating.
Do not know what came on it but I put daddario EJ20 on it and it was a big improvement.
yes, they are steel..
The nut is 1 5/8 inches in width. The neck scale is 26 inches.
Probably not. They're distributed by Jameson Guitars. The peghead has Davison as the brand. Davison is a division of Jameson. I suggest doing a Google search but given the price especially for such high quality materials I have to assume it's made overseas.
Strings yes. Picks no
it has one peg on the bottom, and your supposed to use the kind of strap that ties around the head at the top but i dont like those so i went to a music store and bout another peg (about 3 dollars) and then i just put it where it would normally go, u just screw it in. any guitar store will do it for u for like 5 bucks if you dont want to do it yourself. so in short yes there is a place to put the strap just not the normal one. but for the price of this guitar your not going to beat this deal it sounds good, and you can plug it into an amp if you need to.
Yes, but you still need a headphone amp. Also, you may need an adaptor depending on your headphones.
You need to plug it into a POWERED amplifier. Headphones and home speakers aren't powered. Take the guitar into any shop or to a friend who plays and they can plug it into an AMP for you. Then if you don't get any sound, there is a problem with the output on the guitar, but that is probably unlikely.
No.
I have big hands and it is good. Not good for my son. He has a smaller guitar. Not much help I know. Sorry
I've had mine for a few months and its stayed in tune just fine. Obviously it will get out of tune at first but that is because of the strings being new and needing to be broken in.
Questions or concern about an instrument contact help@mdwsupport.com
Yes it does
Depends on how you want to play it. Steel guitar strings or electric. Electric won't sound as good but it is fun to play.
I would Assume it would fit well although it's not a compact it's a full size body
It did
They are great. The case is very sturdy and so is the stand. Haven't used all the accessories but they all seem to be pretty standard.
It's a full size
Yes, it came as the picture shows.
They are steel strings. The guitar is a steel string guitar. It comes with a set on the guitar and also an additional pack. My pack of extra strings was the same as the picture, manufactured by Yamaha.
the tuner they provide is high quality. but remember to set the pitch at 440hz
yep
It should, that's what I used mine on.
This will probably need filed for that gauge of string to fit properly as the slots are thin enough for regular or light gauge strings and are meant to be adjusted to your particular set with a proper setup. I'm assuming you bend strings or use a tremolo quite a bit and have "sawed" into your nut. Those techniques can hasten the wear of a nut, but eventually all guitar nuts wear out. Short answer: you'll saw through this one just like you will any other nut out there. Just get good at replacing them. A small drop of glue to hold it in, but still make it easy to remove, is a good start. If you don't want to spring for fret files, a thin needle file should do the trick to seat a 52.
This is not the best nut to use with a trem. I recommend using a graftteck nut or put graphite on the nut. note if you feel ambitious have a locking nut fitted on your guitar neck. best of luck.
This bone nut made in Vietnam from cow bone.
This is an electric guitar nut. I very much doubt it would fit any acoustic. It's got tight Stratocaster string spacing.
yes, it should fit. Mind you may have to do some fine tuning with a file but all in all, yes.
Hello, friend, we have many nuts. They are made of real cattle bone material,which can improve sound to be more fantastic. But i am not sure sure which size of the nut you need. You can choose from my shop:
No
I'm sorry, but I really can't speak to the warranty. I've been quite happy with this guitar and I've needed no repairs.
It does not
In the case
From the Seagull website, " The back and sides of the Original series models are made from a three-layer lamination of Wild Cherry wood. With a sound that lands somewhere between the mellow tone of a Mahogany guitar and the bright sound of Maple, Wild Cherry has proven itself to be an excellent tone wood." I've been playing this guitar for a year now and love it even more than when I first purchased it.
Yes, the original has a natural no gloss finish.
Mine was almost perfect. The intonation was off by a pinch on the third string. It sounded good before the adjustment, and excellent after.
Yes. The neck is 36", or maybe it was 35" I don't recall, but I did measure it. It was one of the two.
no, you provide your own but it does have good quality strings. So often with lower priced instruments you need to replace the strings. You will also want a good chromatic tuner for guitar and bass such as Fender Accessories 009-1160-000 Clipon Chrome Tuner for only $7.11 right now on Amazon.
Try tapping on the side of the column at the base
Yes, you can add more fish, I have 8 in mine. Yes, the top comes off. Love my sensory bubble lamp.
Just add cool water to the fill line and put the lid on to prevent water platters from bubbles. Your fish should have been in the box or taped to the column. Contact Amazon or company to inquire about the fish. I
Plastic. It is a little noisy but at the price point, I am very satisfied. Also, the colors change automatically, you cannot 'pick' the color or stay on a color. It doesn't bother me but offering more details.
No different.Thats why the prices are so close.The video tutorial is for both.Get the 32 though.Then you'll never feel cramped for tracks,and you can do less bouncing,that will keep the track more flexible as it develops.
do you mean can you record effects prefader or post fader to individual channels? the answer is yes, but not simultaneously. at least I have never figured out how to do it at the same time.
I got mine from Sweetwater, a great company, I might add, within four or five days.
the scroll wheel that's used for many functions,controls the clock to easily find frames (one hundredth of a second) however to punch in a part or edit can be tricky and take half a second midi remains accurate to the frame and can be offset to compensate.But I never need to.
below is monitors outputs: MONITOR OUT Connector 6.3mm(1/4")TRS phone-jack, Balanced Output impedance 200 ohms Nominal output level -2dBu Maximum output level +14dBu
The track lites light (turn red) when they are set to record. Each one that is lit accepts a signal which depends on the assigned input. The pan pots determine where each track ends up on mix down. They will not be lit when you're mastering the recording. When you initially record on, say track 1, it is simply a mono track of music waiting to used and panned to whichever channel(s) you want after the recording is complete. I hope I've addressed the proper issue for you. If not, hit me again on it and I'll give another go.
Why would you do that? If you want to view the display on your TV, you're mistaken.
Only if you convert to wav
Probably but I'm not familiar with an interface. I would like to have 16 inputs also but I'm still struggling with the mixdown & mastering phases. I have David Mills dvd but I still can,t get it to perform like he shows in the video.
No, it can't.
You are provided the full version of Serato. Recently was able to update without cost so it's pretty solid software.
Yes, that is its base function as a mixer.
No you must plug into an outlet
Yes but no case no sound wires just power cable, USB cable, serato Disk and of course ddj-sx
I googled your question, and apparently it can be mapped, but only as a midi controller; meaning some of the features will not work perfectly. I wouldn't do it tough, because the controller is specially made to work with Serato and there are amazing features you'll miss using VDJ. My advice is, if you get this... learn serato. (Using it like a CDJ or even in sync mode). It'll take some time to get used to it, but it's one of the two most used professional DJ software in the world. A second option, could be to get the Pioneer DDJ Ergo, that's made for VDJ. Or, consider Traktor's software and hardware, that could be a nice transition from where you are used to play.
Extremely easy to set up. I was playing music in less than 5 minutes. Plug power cord, have your powered speakers ready and hook up via xlr to ddj. Once you plug USB to Mac and open Serato Dj, it will automatically detect the ddj, and your music library. You can start playing music right away. No configuration needed out of the box.
First of all lets start by saying smart move. My friend that I dj with had an ns7 first of all it's way too bulky , the sound quality isn't anywhere near the sx and the sx is built by the leader of dj equipment!!! I have one and I love it
Yes. It has masters out and studio monitors with ts and rca plus xlr.
You can do your own mapping or find mappings on the internet done by other people, for example if you want to use traktor, you can find different mappings of people that has matched the buttons of the console with the different functionalities on the software, then you just need to do a little bit of research on how to use it and how to make your console to work with it.
Yes you can -- but it is not a stand alone DVS system. You will need to still have the Serato Scratch Live box if you want to use digital vinyle. The newer version of this, the DDJ SZ, has DVS support built in. For standard vinyle, you can use this no problem.
The height that I measured is at 46"...that is the height at the bottom of the book holder. The top measurement on the book holder is 59". So the full height of the music stand, fully extended with the book holder attached, is 59" high. So I'm going to assume that their max height that they list is the height from the bottom of the book holder, not the top. Hope this helps.
Yes, from upright position it can flip 180 degrees. You are looking for 90 degrees change in position. That is not a problem.
The weight of the box may 5 ounces. There is a small Styrofoam wedge inside the box. The total weight listed in the description is 8 .2 pounds. The stand weighs 7.7 pounds. This was measured by weighing my self with and without the stand.
This stand is a real workhorse. I haven't yet been able to put enough weight on it to upset the balance. I've had four hymnals worth of music on it, so quite a lot.
It is 19" wide and 13.5" tall. Plenty wide to hold a 3-ring binder.
2 inches
1-7/8 inches.
I'd say about 3 lbs. which is nice and sturdy.
The "shelf" of the stand can be removed from the rest of the stand, but that is all that is practical to remove. The legs are not meant to be removed.
I put my iPad on it. The stand is metal, no magnetic part to it. It fits a binder, my iPad, or just paper.
the knobs are a solid plastic substance. stand is very sturdy-holds a lot of music. also the base legs of the stand have a plastic cover over them to minimize metal marks on the floor. I love this stand and I think you will not be disappointed
It does tilt forward / backward as needed, and turns nicely from side to side, too. So solid and well made!
the music does tily towards you. it doesn't fold but it can be pushed against the post. the rod comes apart in the middle and the feet fold up. hope all of this helps :)
it can be removed but im not sure how it would stand upright
So far yes, and it seems quite stable. However, it is fairly new, less than a year.
Desk height. I use it as a laptop stand when there's not enough room on my desk.
The maximum height of the lower lip is about 46 inches. I'm 6 feet tall and this is a perfect height for me when standing and playing a guitar.
It's a little under 4'9
The height can be adjusted from 37 inches to 57.5 inches and the desk is 13X19X1.8 inches. So the depth is little less than 2inch. Hope this helps.
Nope.
I've long since lost my info on the warranty. However, I've traveled to several countries with this case being chucked around with the luggage, mailed it internationally twice, and I've had it for about 2 1/2 years now. Still works perfect and the guitar has never been damaged inside.
So I have never been on a plane but I'm assuming there might be a far amount of banging around with the case and questionable actions with it. I would trust it. I had my $800 Taylor in mine and it fell out of the bed of my truck on to the highway and might have got it, when I went back and got it the case was scuffed up which is what was to be expected but my guitar didn't have a single scratch and the case was still in fair condition. So I would say yes to airplane travel. Sorry about the bird walk
inside the case is 44" in length. 17" is the widest part of the body. 6" deep (5" in the case & 1" clearance in the lid. And there is a groove that the neck sets in that is 2.5" wide
My daughter has a beginners guitar and there is still room in it, if that helps.
It should fit your DR500MCE. The Musicians Gear Dreadnought case is nicer for less money in my opinion.
I did not keep it as the clasps would not latch so I returned it. So I cannot be of any help. Sorry
It is black, I have it right here! Cheers!
Sorry to be slow in answering, Mario. This case will NOT fit your Takamine if your measurments are accurate. Your guitar sounds more like a jumbo than a dreadnought. The INTERNAL dimensions of the Gearlux case are 43 3/8" long, 4 1/2" deep (the OUTSIDE depth is only 6 1/2"), 13 1/4" at upper bout, 16 1/4" at lower bout, (the waist is 12 1/4"). These dimensions are hard to find, so I measured carefully. There is about 1/2" of foam under the crushed velvet lining, and it fits my Squier by Fender dreadnought like a glove, but obiously it is too small for your Takamine (7" deep?) if the lower bout is 19.2 inches. Gearlux makes other cases, and I do like the one I got.
I believe a dreadnought is larger,, google for guitar dimensions.
Hi. I believe that it is the right size for the DR-100.
I've long since lost my info on the warranty. However, I've traveled to several countries with this case being chucked around with the luggage, mailed it internationally twice, and I've had it for about 2 1/2 years now. Still works perfect and the guitar has never been damaged inside.
So I have never been on a plane but I'm assuming there might be a far amount of banging around with the case and questionable actions with it. I would trust it. I had my $800 Taylor in mine and it fell out of the bed of my truck on to the highway and might have got it, when I went back and got it the case was scuffed up which is what was to be expected but my guitar didn't have a single scratch and the case was still in fair condition. So I would say yes to airplane travel. Sorry about the bird walk
inside the case is 44" in length. 17" is the widest part of the body. 6" deep (5" in the case & 1" clearance in the lid. And there is a groove that the neck sets in that is 2.5" wide
My daughter has a beginners guitar and there is still room in it, if that helps.
It should fit your DR500MCE. The Musicians Gear Dreadnought case is nicer for less money in my opinion.
I did not keep it as the clasps would not latch so I returned it. So I cannot be of any help. Sorry
It is black, I have it right here! Cheers!
Sorry to be slow in answering, Mario. This case will NOT fit your Takamine if your measurments are accurate. Your guitar sounds more like a jumbo than a dreadnought. The INTERNAL dimensions of the Gearlux case are 43 3/8" long, 4 1/2" deep (the OUTSIDE depth is only 6 1/2"), 13 1/4" at upper bout, 16 1/4" at lower bout, (the waist is 12 1/4"). These dimensions are hard to find, so I measured carefully. There is about 1/2" of foam under the crushed velvet lining, and it fits my Squier by Fender dreadnought like a glove, but obiously it is too small for your Takamine (7" deep?) if the lower bout is 19.2 inches. Gearlux makes other cases, and I do like the one I got.
I believe a dreadnought is larger,, google for guitar dimensions.
Hi. I believe that it is the right size for the DR-100.
Not certain but we sat 2 190+ adults on it and it seemed very stable.
It's very easy to adjust the height, but be careful because it's easy to scratch off the black paint where the two metal bars cross if the hinge bolt is too tight. I scratched off a couple square inches of paint. That said, the seat is very comfortable, sturdy, and adjusts to a few nice heights for playing a keyboard.
20 inches would be more exact, and no the bench self-adjusts.
The shipping fees depends on the seller. We offer free shipping within the continental United States.
I've never weighed it so I don't know exactly, but it is pretty light. Maybe a couple pounds, but sturdy.
They are "bone" color plastic.
The saddle will probably fit fine, the nut on the other hand is only 43mm. You can double check your guitar, but that has been too narrow for the acoustics I have worked with. HOWEVER, YOU SHOULD NOT ORDER THESE AS THEY ARE JUST MOLDED PLASTIC PARTS, AND YOU CAN FIND QUALITY BONE SADDLES AND NUTS FOR THE SAME PRICE. FOR THE SAKE OF TONE, look elsewhere :-)
You don't have to do anything. Just put them in place. You might have to sand the bottom to adjust the hight. Especially on the nut.
No
My experience with Ovations is no. But for a couple of bucks it's worth a shot. You might have to sand it down a bit.
Plastic. Cheap plastic.
Classical guitars have a flat fingerboard, and the saddle is usually not compensated, nor is it curved. It could be made to work. I would not try it. You really want a different set for a classical.
I think it doesnt matter .. Left hand just flip it over
My daughter said it is a better sound. The pitch on the other was too high. Hope this helps.
I have used this saddle on two different guitars. Neither fret board is flat. I am very pleased with the results.
There is an excellent website, micuatro.com that teaches you how to play and has lots of songs. Check it out!
Hola; Yes, 5-7 business days to prepare and 3-5 Business days takes the estimated to be delivered the shipping by Fedex. Total about 8-12 BUSINESS DAYS from date of the purchase. Gracias; Rafael
Yes, we can ship to Canad, the price is the same and conditions are the same as you can see on description . Yes , we have the Hard Case available , you can see in our other items for sale. Gracias; Rafael.
3-5 Business days from date of shipping. We need 7 BUSINESS days from date of purchase to prepare the instrument. We are in Caracas, Venezuela, Gracias. Rafael Arencibia
Yes, I have .
80-81 large CM i don`t know inches because in Venezuela is CM and Meter.
Sorry; i don`t know the Cuatro of Trinidad. Gracias
Hola; No, this is not an UKULELE TENOR, this is a Venezuelan Cuatro .
Hola , Don`t worry , it is made in solid Cedar and we never had that problem in many years. Gracias.
Hello: Thanks for write, yes amigo, this Cuatro is ready to play and tested by our Luthier. You can`t see the strings because are made in transparent Nylon but are mounted, this Cuatro is made with Cedar and other noble woods , is beautiful , not luxury but beautiful, the sound is great. Gracias: Rafael Arencibia
I recommend an LPK25 MIDI keyboard and some headphones. That's my setup including reason essentials (I do have some m-audio bx5 studio monitors, but you don't need them just starting out.) I plan on upgrading to full Reason 6.5 or 7, but not getting any additional equipment right now. Hope this helps. Have fun!
Yes it will but make sure you buy the correct version it will also redirect you to upgrade to Essential 8.0 hope this is help
I looked up all the videos and info I could find on the Reason Pianos refill, and they weren't clear on whether or not components Essentials supported all the devices used in Reason Pianos, but it looks like the majority of the components used in the Reason Pianos refill are supported in Reason Essentials such as the Combinator, Line 6:2 Mixer, R7000 Reverb, Delay, and NN-XT Sampler. However, some devices used such as the ECF-42 Filter and Malstrm aren't included in Essentials unfortunately... But it looks like Reason Pianos boasts its 6 microphone method of recording world-class grand pianos, so the most important components to need would be the audio samples, NN-XT sampler, and Combinator, which are supported by Essentials. You will miss out on some effects in it such as the Malstrm (which, since it's a synthesizer I don't see why layering it on an acoustic instrument would be of much significance) and ECF-42 Filter. You will still be able to adjust each piano's placement microphone levels, ambience, and compression though. At most, when you load the patch, it will tell you that some devices weren't loaded because they aren't in Essentials. I would contact support or ask some users on Propellerhead's forums though, if no one who has used it on Essentials provides an answer. Hope this helps a little.
RE 1.5 works on windows XP. But be carefull, when upgrading to version 2, it will NOT be working anymore, you will have to upgrade to win 7 or 8.
Reason Essentials 1.5 Specifications System requirements for Mac: Intel Mac, 1 GB RAM Minimum OS Requirements - Mac Mac OS X 10.5.8 or Later
Great DAW I have not had any problems at all with product or the Team Members at Propellerhead
I do not know, off the top of my head, but you should just check the promotional advertising by Propellerheads. Most always Software-Developers list the platform(s) necessary for their software to work. Also another good source of such information is: &lt;kvraudio.com&gt;.
This model is made for studio monitors, not subwoofers. You would need to get the IsoAcoustics ISO-L8R200Sub model that holds up to 75lbs. Here is the information on it: http://www.isoacoustics.com/isol8r200sub.php. Thanks!
Hi Joseph - you can find the specs and a video on the ISOs at this URL: http://www.isoacoustics.com/isol8r200.php?id=speaker%20stands%20studio%20monitor%20isolation
yeah the stands can handle that kinda weight. My speakers weigh almost 50 lbs each and these stands handle the weight. I would advise against "sliding" the stands around after the speakers have been placed upon them, however.
Can be used for both
Hi Chris - Isolating any speaker from the surface that it rests on always creates a better sound definition. If you have the speaker on a shelf or hanging on the wall the shelf the energy from the speaker is transfered to the shelf or wall. This will cause vibrations that will be out-of-phase from the information/sound radiating from you speaker which will cancel out the sound and reduce the over-all clarity of the sound. I use the isolators and the make a immediate different in the sound. Really amazing. The low end will be much more defined and clear. If you can afford them - and if you are fussy about the sound coming out of your speakers - I would highly recommend the isolators. I would even say that if you listen to some of your favorite music - it will sound much better than before.
Hi Sam - IsoAcoutics makes a version for larger speakers now. ISO-L8R430. Look them up. They are for the larger speakers. I can tell you that the ISOs work great in isolating the coupling of the speaker the surface you have them on - cleaner, puncher mid-low and lows. Truer represenation of the actual mix. Good Luck - Rob
You need a different Isoacoustics model, which you can determine here: http://www.isoacoustics.com/files/chart.pdf These are fantastic stands - best of luck!
Yes, they are sold in pairs. And yes, they have both extension pieces included.
It does! I will have to check I want to say 4 double A but I am not 100% sure.
About 3 feet
I think I paid about $25 for this, and yes it was worth $25. We still have it, and my girls still play with it. It is a toy microphone, so don't expect great sound quality.
I dont have any information on this specific microphone, but the connection is the same as any computer microphone.
It's a toy and it's pretty loud. I don't think you need an amplifier :)
I don't think so it adjusts really nicely.
Nothing can be connected to it
No you can not.
I gave it to my 7 year old daughter last year and it still works great. I've had to replace batteries but that is it, even with her 2 year old brother banging on it.
It takes 4 AA batteries.
Yes it should work well with virtually any instrument, I've used it on Sax many times.
Works on any musical instruments with strings
not sure, but should since it works on string vibration and is chromatic & can tune all notes A, B, C, D, E, F, and G.
Yes
no
Yes both were included in the bundle!
I haven't had any problems with it.
Yes...multiple sounds! Great piano.
Siyu, Can you check this site: http://digitalpianoreviewsite.com/yamaha-p105/ As you know MIDI is a HW and SW standard. Though I never tried it, it seems that the SW is available on the P105. Good luck to you.
Make sure they are fully plugged in
The Adapter is included and is a great deal and a great addition to our house.
pretty good digital piano, good one for beginers
Yes they are included
I've had this out on tour. Haven't had any issues with overheating. However all the venues I've been in are pretty well temperature controlled. Not sure if it would do well outdoors, but the console is pretty easily removed from the case if needed. You will have a hard time finding a quality case at this price, especially if you use digital snake like I do and don't need the doghouse.
I have purchased this case, it is for the full X32 Console. According to their website (https://elitecoreaudio.com/products/159) they do not have a Compact version.
That's not good. Prime is amazon's issue. I wish you would have ordered it with us. Most of the time we ship the same day.
Yes it is. It even has a sound sensitivity adjuster on it as well.
Put the sound sensitivity knob of to where sensitivity is low
No, its sound active
Yes, it works with ION Bluetooth Block Rocker.
Yes, it can use with LiveMIC and tramitt the audio/voice to your phone via 3.5mm TRRS audio cable on RX
Yes, it is.
Yes, you can use it. The receiver audio ouput is using TRRS, 4 rings audio jack. It is CTIA(AJH) typye TRRS jack using by iPhone, iPad and the latest Android devices (For example, Galaxy S3). It should be no problem.
Hi Joe, I do not think you can physically turn off the device from an iPad. Most Bluetooth device go into sleep mode or you can disconnect the connection from the Bluetooth. If the device (iPad) will allow multiple RF (Bluetooth device) channels then I suppose it is possible. Patrick
Yes, I have connected the Nolan to my Samsung phone, Motorola headset, Garmin Navigator and computer. Can not see why it wouldn't work with a car. Since I have connected to my computer and recorded my voice to a mp3 and wmv file format I would say yes as well.
Yes you can. I recently purchase the Singing Machine and it was the most sort after at the party. From ages 4 years old to over 60. Everybody wanted a turn at singing their favorite song. You can attach your phone and mp3 player to play your songs. That is what the young group did. They were not interested in the songs I purchase so they hook up their phone and had an awesome time. I truly recommend the singing machine.
yes it does!
Yes and it plays CDs as well. It's a nice toy. You use batteries or plug it in.
It is coiled an may stretch to 3 feet
In order to see the graphics, this unit needs to be plugged into a TV. It is a portable CD player that is also a Karaoke Machine, but it does not have a screen to see the graphics on it.
It has a Tv plug in with the item. It will be able to hook up just perfect!!
yes. It is just great:)
If you want the words to show on your TV. Otherwise no
Does the Karaoke CD you have state it has the screen lyrics. Some of them do not & don't show up unfortunately. We learned that the hard way. Most of the Disney ones had the compatibility to put the lyrics on the screen but we bought Sound of Music & ABBA & neither of those show up. :(
No
You can use it without the cd's. My 3 year old Granddaughter sings happy birthday and twinkle twinkle little star all the time, and my 1 year old Grandson loves to just make noises and hear his own voice.
Yes
You can play regular CDs as well.
Yes, there is an auxillary input. It will play the music from the ipod or mp3 player, but will not display the lyrics.
Yes
No
You can use either one. It comes with an adapter so you can use it without batteries.
It takes 8 C batteries, but it comes with a charger, which is what we use.
The manual shows an Aux In jack on the back to use with a media player: http://www.singingmachine.com/wp-content/uploads/manuals/eng/SML283_Instruction_Manual_ENG.pdf
I don't know because we did not try it but I would think so.
You'll hear the drums through the headphones. The speaker won't play anything. However if you're looking for a decent kit don't buy this item. It can't keep up with multiple hits and depending on what you're playing it doesn't have double bass. It's almost a waste of money.
yes...
Its a little wobbly but I still recommend it for a studio kit for a musician on a budget.
No
Radio shack sells power cords with the ability to change the connector and power settings. About 15.00, used for many things and they work great.
No not for exterior speakers just earphones
No,you have to use a home theatre or external amplifier
I don't need any Headphones
All digitech products come with a warranty.
Because the Jamman is not an effects pedal, but a looping pedal that sends the unchanged tone straight to your amp, the amp you need depends completely on the sound you want. Get an amp that gives you the electric or acoustic sound you want, and the Jamman will loop that sound. We would have to know exactly what kind of sound you are trying to achieve to suggest a specific amp.
it can use up to a 32 Gigabyte card.
Only when powered on. It will not pass a signal when off.
I started with the Ditto but sent mine back right away. Too bare bones. Limited features. I wound up with the JamMan Solo XT which I like a lot for guitar practice, improvising, etc. Tons of memory on micro SD card, connects to computer for backing up loops or importing them into a DAW. I don't think the TC Ditto has connectivity with computers. i'd say go with the jam man if you can.
Anything with "XT" in the name (which right now is the JamMan Express XT and Solo XT) can sync with other XT's. Be careful not to get a JamMan Solo (no XT) if you need that feature.
Try reducing the output volume. I have to keep mine fairly low. Takes some tweaking
If you kept it pressed, you will scroll up or down continuosly until you take your finger off the button.
Yes, It is reverse polarity. No, it won't necessarily work with a multi-Jack because even with a polarity reversing adapter, it still needs to be 200 amps. I have the Joyo multi and the Visual Sound multi and they're both 100 amps.
yes but you would need three separate memories of the loop. I don't thing the j man can do that. i also have one with two channels and you can do 2, I don't know of a three channel ones, but you could buy three, and do what you want.
With a good mic easy. I have a cheap mic and it sounds like crap. I bought a set of Shure PGXD24/Beta58A Digital Wireless System with Beta 58A Mic and it sounds GREAT!
Yes, you can use 2 mics and 2 guitars in channels 1-4 (one mic per channel, one guitar per channel.) No, on using 1/4 jacks on channels 5&6 b/c that is for external stereo devices. Yes on using 1/4 jacks on 7&8 (however volume, eq, etc, will be identical b/c they are controlled by one channel.) Best, Andy's Music
Jack - Thanks for asking. Speakers are PVi 10's (10"). Call call if I can be of service.. Hugh 318-614-0422
Yes.
All professional microphones will work with this system. Yes, you can connect a guitar. It comes with the cables to connect the speakers to the amp but does not come with the cables to connect additional inputs.
I added 2 Peavey PR12 http://peavey.com/products/index.cfm/item/0/116536/PR%26reg%3B12 to it. No adapters and no cutting cables. The PR12 has 2 1/4 audio jacks that run in parallel. I used this to daisy chain them to the existing speakers. Works great AND sounds great.
Told by guitar teacher, excellent for beginner. Not sure about strings but we replaced. Bought for daughter for Christmas, loves it.
Usually any 1 quarter inch cord.
Yes!
these strings are cheep and cheesy, any guitar player would know to replace factory strings for all but the best of brands, these strings sounded ok to tune out of the box, but would not hold up over time,do your self a favor just buy new strings they are not hard to put on nor expensive.
It stays in tune for the most part but that is because it has new strings which stretch until they get broke in good. As for the high E and B when plugged in that high B makes the high E sound good but yea they there
yes.
Steel
Yes it works with Rocksmith. I got this guitar & Rocksmith for my husband for this past Christmas & he loves it!
No you have to buy all that on your own.
It's real
I am not sure if it works with the Rockith game. I am assuming it does because it has an electrical pickup. From what I understand the cord plugs into the audio jack on the electrical guitar and into the console via USB. Also a previous question asked was if it had two strap nuts. It only has one on the bottom of the guitar. It seems that one can be added to the bad of the neck though.
steel
I haven't measured it but, I'd say it is roughly 44" long and about 5" in depth. It's the size of a traditional acoustic guitar.
it is real.
It's full sized and comes with a guitar cable for an amp and sounds great plugged up
Yes it does, i have been playing guitar for 15+ Years and this is a great guitar to learn or pick back up with.
it's actually a very very nice guitar. it plays well&& tunes well also.
Yes it can
Yes, it does. You can put it into a generic midi controller mode that allows you to use it in Logic X.
Hi. The Axiom Air mini only has a mini USB port, so no dedicated MIDI out. However, you could use it as a controller with intermediate gear. With that being said, I'd also like to offer up that I'm not at all happy with the build quality of these. It feels flimsy, the key action is bad, at best, and the mini USB port on mine has broken within the first few months of using it (and I am not a person that treats my gear badly.) I've since switched to the Akai MPC Mini mk2, and I couldn't be happier. I highly recommend going and checking it out before purchasing this one.
Yes that is what I have and it works for me
Yes. You can do a lot with this as a primary controller in FL Studio - right out of the box. It linked up very easily to FL Studio. You should just have to go to options - midi settings, and then look for the AXIOM to show up on the list of options, choose that option, and you basically have a plug and play scenario. I ended up sending this unit back because I wanted to use it as a secondary controller and had difficulty programming it to do marker jumping in FL live mode. M-Audio has poor tech support, and didn't respond to my queries for help for months, by which time I had returned the mini 32. I would say if this is going to be your only controller, or one that you'll only use by itself in portable situations, it is a pretty cool for an inexpensive and compact unit.
It works seamlessly with my DAWs (Mixcraft & Reason). I see no reason why you should have any problems!
Yes i would think so. But just check if the late ipad you are going to be using is good work with your axiom 32.
Violin case, we like it very much.
We have had yhis case for about 9 months. My daughter is 13 and really loves it. It is pretty solid, but is fiberglass and can be damaged. Also, it has a place for two bows, but one of them is REALLY tight. Also, there is not much room for extra stuff, like tuner, larger rosin, etc. Your call, but for the orice, was a great buy.
My daughter's violin is 4/4 and it fit perfectly in the case.
Yes,it will.
No ours did not come with a blanket
It's slightly larger than a violin. Quite a bit heavier too. Is your violin oversized or something?? It's a hundred dollar case!! Buy it! You don't like it?? Send it back!!
This product doesn't work in any position very bad product
I haven't had any problems with them. I use them with blizzard pucks unplugged.
neither , they plug into the wall. They have a power supply and plug into as standard wall socket
I don't see why not. These units basically simulate a wired DMX cable but instead of having to daisychain the cable you can setup one master and multiple slave units.
Yes, I use that on a Stadium with a minor interference problems
Let me know if you find out.
Yes,you can buy more receivers.you can do that,and it is good idea.
Each unit has it's own power cord
Each receiver and transmitter has about 5 or 6 different frequencies it can communicate across (using the word channels is confusing since that is the data its transmitting). For example, you can set the transmitter to red (it uses colors to distinguish between frequencies) and only the red receiver will recieve the data it send, and if you set a reciever to green, it will not receive that data unless it is coming from a green transmitter. I hope that makes sense, i wasnt entirely certain of your question.
Once you pair them once, they are good.
I can't speak to Delphi compatibility but google "DMX USB Pro Widget API Specification 1.44" to find the Enttec API specification for the Enttec DMX USB Pro Widget which this device emulates (though not perfectly by any means). In particular, most of what you need to know is discussed in the 'Application Message Format' and the 'Output Only Send DMX Packet Request'. In essence, you'll simply send a sequence of bytes to the serial (i.e., COMx) port associated with the USB port into which you've plugged the device. There's a block of header bytes, then your DMX values, followed by a trailer byte. Once the device receives a block, it will repeat sending the DMX data until you send it a new block. That's it. Not really even an API, just some basic serial messages. The device only supports the DMX controller functionality -- that is, it won't act as a DMX receiver (at least that's what the manufacturer says). In Windows, in order to map a USB device to a virtual COM port, you'll want to download and install the FTDI drivers (http://www.ftdichip.com/Drivers/VCP.htm and it's best to use the Setup Executable noted in the Comments). Have fun...
Our LED flashes RED all the time and have never seen a Green LED. However using Light Boogie we did get the USB-DMX controller to work and control lamps - but not with FreeStyle. Using FTDi drivers with our own app have not been successful either even though the USB device is recognized. Since there is basically no support information that is available we can not recommend this product if you don't use the exact application stated.
I really dont know. Want to message me your email? I bought this too and could copy the drivers for you and email you the files or dropbox them to you.
I'm not sure. Looking at their website, it seems like MagicQ is designed mainly for ChamSys's own devices. I'm using it with QLC+.
Regarding to LumiDesk Lite, we don't think it's compatible with this software as our interface is compatible with 6 softwares showed in manual and just choose Enttec DMX Pro in the software setup and that's OK.
botj.
Yes and qlc +
There are several free packages out there, but I never got this device to work so don't know what free stuff works with it.
goto http://www.enttec.com/index.php?main menu=Products&pn=70304&show=drivers Thomas. Pohlman2@gmail.com
No, as far as I know ShowXpress requires a special proprietary interface. I am using it with Freestyler and it is great
Just barely over 10.5 lbs (4.8kg) It is very lightweight. Hope this helps.
Yes. It has great arpeggiations, and can be used as a controller also... The two primary reasons I bought it. Hope this helps!
Carry on size max is around 22 inches. This thing is 4 feet something long. I had trouble carrying on a tiny 4 octave Casio MT keyboard from the 80s.
No, no recorder function on the MX models. Though you can plug in a flash drive with recorded WAV files and a list will appear which you can scroll through and play.
you mean it box or what?
I've got the MX-49 and the keys are decent synth-action but not weighted.
yes, normally ONLY 2 sounds at max at same time, however,,, if you want 16 sounds at once, or separated into midi channels...there is a way too... see below... Yamaha MX49 49-Key Keyboard Production Station (Electronics) Important Update, end sept, 2014 pls see jmelas.gr this website offers special bundle Editor soft, for about euro 49 for download. the Main point is this... despite what yamaha japan told me, this mx49 can be a Standalone, no computer, 16 voice machine ! only if you use above software... you only need comp...to choose, edit, and Store/save as performance ( all sounds set to channel 1 , and/or some to chan 1, some to chan 2 ) for that one time ( or each time, you wish to make a new perf. set )... once safely STOREd/saved into mx body, your mx can play ALL 16 chosen sounds in live gig, NO computer. i am digging this a bit more now...as it competes with roland fa 06. Alternately, one can keep computer connected via usb, and using various software, use in standard way too...but i much prefer, do it once, and keep computer out of picture, in Live stage situations too. basically there are about 3-4 classifications of these thingies for me... midi controller only, piano mostly, workstations w many sounds, and, real synths. this mx49 is closest to a workstation...you get bunched up 1000 plus sounds, around half of them might be useful for me... options to edit sounds exist, but minimally affect sound in the ways expected of synths. if you can get it for about usd 500 it may be worth your time, any amt over that, pls go check other brands and models first. it has 49 keys , black and white, and has true din5 midi in and midi out, if you wish to connect to real synths and play in real time, midi, no computers involved...highly suggest midi solutions, midi thru box for those , captivated by combining, and layering many sounds ... if you want a real synth only...go check real synths, this one has a 100-200 so so faked up synth sounds... if you want piano...and can accept so so qaulity, this might be ok...but if you want closer to the real thing, and can spend on good amps, look at even the cheapest casio privia...much much better sounding and far more realistic piano. if you think, the sounds are motif, pls , go to the store, and in it you will find real motif things. compare them, side to side, and you tell me. a so so try from yamaha to capture the masses , and it s best sales pitch is price, if you can get it cheap...it Might be ok for you...maybe not. as a workstation, mind you. scour the internet, there are many tips on its uses... try diff amps , speakers, etc...cuz the sound varies immensely too. if using headphones, pls try various types... good luck on this one. have fun in musica...
Yes it does.
No , unfortunately not.
A Complete Suite of Music Production Software Included The MX series is the only hardware synth in its price range to come with a complete suite of music production software tools. The included Steinberg Cubase AI features 48 audio tracks and 64 MIDI tracks, notation, built-in VST effects, so with just the MX and AI you can do complete productions. It comes bundled with Steinberg Prologue and the Yamaha YC-3B organ emulator so you have some compelling VSTs to get started. Plus there are Remote Template editors for setting up controls of VSTs. Finally, Yamaha has worked with some third party developers to ensure that there will be fully functional cross platform editors available at release. Thank you Kim at Recording Store
It can. And very realistically! It's got quite a few rhythm patterns of various genres. Really handy when you're trying to record a backing track.
It has a number of orchestral instruments if that is what you are asking. There is no built in speaker (just audio out jacks). The quality is very good, a sophisticated instrument for the price.
yes
Yes, it has MIDI in and MIDI out - 5 pin DIN style.
It depends - I would use the 49 key for an easier piano session, and the 61 key for more difficult compositions. Note - with the 49 key, the user must reset the keypad one octave down each time it is turned on. Not hard to do (one button) - but sometimes you forget before starting a song.
Yes it has a performance section where you can record specific parts and instruments,record,playback,etc.With Flash Drives you can add more to it.
Yes.
Yes, it does have the features you mentioned. I am not familiar with the impala, but I can definitely say that Yamaha makes a good product and stands behind what they sell. Best, Andy's Music
Can't be positive about this as I don't use vocoder, but there is no "audio mic" input that other synths have for this capability. Best uses this MX49 has - easy portability with the Motif patches (essentially the pianos), and USB connectivity with flash drives. I was able to load performances that I had stored from my "ancient" Roland Fantom X6 onto flash - into the MX's USB - list appears immediately and you can scroll through it.
Yes, the keys are light like a keyboard, not like a piano. Not even like semi-weighted keys. They are however sensitive to velocity.
Yes, sort of.....the snare attaches to a triangular block of wood which is glued in so that the snare ends touch the front, thin, face, but not right in the center. That way, there are more variations in sound available at different locations.
It is pre-cut. A port is necessary. You can enlarge the port if you like to change the bass response.
17 1/2 in x 13 in x 2 1/4 in
It has everything you need to build the complete Cajon, but it does NOT have any of the tools, glue, and straps you need to build it.
I suppose it could be done, it might depend how much it is assembled/disassembled. Gluing certainly give the box more integrity.
Elmer's
It requires a few tools like band or pipe clamps and some sandpaper, screwdriver, wood glue. It is not hard but will take a few hours putting in 20 minutes here and there. I am half way done.
All parts to build a basic Cajon come with the kit. Helpful tools are band clamps that pictures show on the instructions.
It should be fine. The cajon is pretty sturdy. During the build process you could alway add more bracing if need be. The one think I wish I did (off topic of size of person) was cut better fitting boards that the head mounts too. There were a few gaps. It would be super easy to refit those, I just wish I would have done it. But back to the original question, I don't remember seeing a weight restriction in it but you can always add more bracing in it just in case.
There are 4 plastic feet to screw underneath it. About 3/4 inch in diameter and 1/4 inch thick.
no
I have iPad Air and iPad 3 , works perfectly!
I pad, I phone works don't know about I pod
Al music in your library,also youtuve every single sounds apps!!
No it connects
It didn't do the job for me so I sent it back sorry I can't be more help.
Yes you can. There is a switch in the back
I just measured and they have about 11\16ths of an inch of space to hold the tablet. So depending on the tablet and a thin case you might be able to fit them both in.
I have the Samsung 7 Tablet and I think tbat is the same size as your kindle, which is what i bought the stand for and it fits. It is a little bit of a loose fit but it works and my tablet has stayed in place. I am pleased.
Yes, very sturdy as far as weight of most tablets and readers. Especially if you are using a 'paperweight' e-reader.
I don't know. What I do know is that it was a piece of Junk for my KindleFire.
yes you should be able to..you can contort it any way you want to...hope this helps..i am very satisfied with mine
I have an ASUS Transformer Prime (TF201) That just barely fits with some force. This holds the tablet diagonally so my TF201 is roughly 12 1/4" diagonal (10 3/8" x 7 1/8") or (26.3cm x 18.1cm).
No problem... Works great. You will have to get a washer from Home Depot and place it between the mount so it won't fall. Cheap fix, you will see exactly where when you get it. My wife loves it.
It plugs into a standard USB port on your computer or wall charger.
im not sure... but overall.. the construction is not great... id look around some more
You need something that makes the actual sound, and something to connect this item to your sound producer. There are several ways to do this. The standard way is to get some sort of amplifier, and connect this to that with a 1/4" instrument cable. If you don't want to buy an amp, and you have a stereo that has RCA inputs (the red & white cables), you could connect this to that stereo with a 1/4" to RCA audio cable.
there is no way to control the volume on the theremin. Two suggestions....buy a proffessional theremin, about a thousand dollars, or buy a 20 dollar volume pedal and put that between your theremin and your amp and control the volume with your foot, like a pedal steel guitarist. That might work. Usually with this cheap theremin you just use it for novelty.
No unless you have an amplified headset.
An amp is required if you want to hear the theramin out loud.
Yes! We ship to Canada and worldwide. We welcome your business.
Yes, we would be happy to ship to Lebanon. We welcome your business, Burns Theremins
With the right adapter yes
You'll need an amplifier and a cable to connect the theremin to the amp. That's it! As you become accustomed to the instrument, you can add effects, if you wish, but they are not necessary. The Great Sounding Theremin at a Great Price is a table top model, so there's no need for a mic stand.
Are you located outside of the North America? If the answer is 'yes', you will need to either use a power converter or you can replace the U.S. standard supply with one that is compatible for your country. This instrument needs to receive between 12 and 24 volts DC to play properly. It draws very little power, so that isn't a concern. Don't forget to check the cable connecting the theremin to your amplifier. Bad cables can causes problems. Thanks!
Burns Theremins does ship to the UK. They do so often. This instrument comes with a US standard supply. To play in the UK, you'll need to either use a power converter (readily available via Amazon or Amazon UK) or you can replace this supply with one that is of the UK standard that you acquire there. Burns Theremins includes instructions how to do this with all overseas shipments. Also available here on Amazon is a battery powered model in a different case configuration. Called the 'Zep Theremin - Battery Powered' this instrument may be what you are looking for!
It can be used on its own only if your recording device can supply condenser mic voltage (approximately 3 VDC). This is an option on many field and portable recorders, as well as many PCs and laptops. I hope this is what you are asking.
No, don't buy it, it's really noisy and sound quality stinks...
Does that mic have the right end to plug into your recorder? Isn't that lav mic is for a wireless mic transmitter? It appears you are able to plug a wireless mic into the zoom, with the appropriate 1/8" end, and then you have some settings to adjust in the menu.
It's more for recording a speaker, like someone giving a power point presentation, or an interview.
After market Sennheiser Not the original
Highly recommended, even though is not the original lavalier works perfect in sennheiser transmitter. Works as a directional microphone, captures perfectly the voice of the person wearing the lavalier, it might not capture well enough the surrounding sounds.
If the mic connector on the camera is a screw lock connector it should work. If its not a screw lock the plug wont fit all the way in to the unit and it wont work
My guess would be a defective adapter plug, the mini to 1/4" converter. If it's not that, then it would likely be a defective unit or a damaged cable. Also make sure you are plugging it into the input, not the headset ;)
Hi Joseph, the cord is short, that means that it can use it just from your neck to your waist. Its like 3 feet long. I hope this information was helpfull. Kind regards!
make sure plug is fully pushed in, make sure no settings are off in the sliders when you click onto the volume icon. Sometimes these seem to change after reboots, software updates, etc.
This microphone has the screwed end on it which is typical for the Sennheiser G2 Transmitter Pack or Sony's UWP Transmitter pack. If you are trying to plug this directly into a device that doesn't have the male portion of the screwed end the plug isn't deep enough to make a proper connection on those other devices.
I use it on a Sennheiser wireless transmitter. I bought it as a spare microphone.
I bought this mike as a backup for our Sennheiser wireless mike at church. It is only mono. When I record to make a CD, I use a mono to 1/8" stereo adapter to input in the PC to get a left and right channel, so the sound will come out of both speakers. Otherwise it would only be left channel.
I don't believe this will work with that setup. This mic is designed for the wireless transmitter packs (Sony & Sennheiser) where you actually screw the end of the mic into the transmitter pack to make the proper connection.
This mic is designed to connect directly to a wireless mic transmitter pack (Like a Senneheiser or Sony). You could then take the receiver pack and connect that to an amplifier which accepts either a mini plug or an XLR connection and then connect a speaker to the amplifier to use in a classroom. Other that I'm not sure how you would do it. The end connector on this mic has a screwed end which directly attaches to a wireless transmiiter pack. This mic will not work in any device that doesn't have that type of connector. No matter what type of mic you use you'll need to get the signal to an amplifier and then ultimately out to a speaker for the classroom to hear you.
The jack has an attached screw for the body pack. It may or may not fit w that in the way. Its meant to screw into the body pack.
One channel , they are all designed mono.
Well, sort of... This microphone has a TRS connection whereas a mobile phone would require a TRRS connection to work properly. If you have a TRS to TRRS adapter, the microphone will work. In my test (on an iPhone), the input gain was pretty low. You will want to use an app that will allow you to adjust the gain up considerably to get usable audio on your phone.
It might not be compatible.
Yes if you use the 3.5mm plug on the rear of the Zoom H4N and also enable plugin-in power.
Its Junk. U would be better off with a trash bag and dicta tape. Dont waste your time or money. Size yes it should Fit. Estimated
14x39
yes. a 3/4 size is what you need. most juniors are 3/4 and veru few mostly acoustics are called 7/8. hope this helps
That can't be right but I don't have exact dimensions. Fits a strat and an SG fine but a little snug
The case fits my strat perfectly,so I believe your BC Rich Warlock would be too big.Here is an inexpensive bag that would work: http://www.amazon.com/Gator-Electric-Guitar-Lightweight-GL-ELECTRIC/dp/B000P5YFDI/ref=sr_1_4?s=musical-instruments&ie=UTF8&qid=1363118824&sr=1-4&i=electric+guitar+bag+fits+all or this one : http://www.amazon.com/Stagg-STB-10UE-Electric-Guitar-Bag/dp/B0006VP8HI/ref=sr_1_22?s=musical-instruments&ie=UTF8&qid=1363118966&sr=1-22&keywords=guitar+bag+padded
Yes, this bag would do nicely for you. It's wide and long enough, while keeping the good padding,
yes it will
My standard size Strat, Tele and LP fit, although pretty tightly. I am now using it for a 3/4 size travel acoustic and that fits just slightly loosely.
The zipper on this bag lasted only two openings!
It's a snug fit but both my Gibson SG and Fender Strat fit in this case.
3"? Sure.
Yea it can hold a guitar that is 1mm tall up to to a full size guitar. It's a pretty versatile case. I recommend it to you!
Earl I am not a guitar expert but I am assuming the Les Paul Guitar is a very nice one. We however, use this bag for my 9 year old son's starter guitar. It allows him to carry everything he needs with him (to lessons) and protects the guitar while at home. Has some light padding for some protection, but in no way would it protect the guitar from a major fall or someone stepping on it. Perfect for my son. Don't think that it is the answer for someone who would be traveling with their guitar alot and tossing it in out of storage places. Hope that helps.
Kelly, here are the dimensions I got when I measured. Length is 43.5". Width is 17". Depth is between 4 and 4.5". Hope this helps!
The case is nice if it would zip. But the zipper splits and anything in it will fall out and do damage to the guitar. The case isn't safe for any guitar.
I don't have a tape measure handy but it is approximately 20+ inches.
I dont' see why not, but, you can always return it, if it doesn't, right? I have a regular standard acoustic guitar and it takes it.
it didn't fit my SG/ Telecast hybrid....is your Dean longer than 38 inches?
I'm actually not sure. It's definitely a snug fit for my guitar which is a Schecter Omen. I think it would fit most electric guitars, honestly, I'm not too sure about an acoustic full sized. Mine is a lot smaller than most acoustics.
Not sure about the guitar, I use mine for a Fender style precision bass and it fits it very good.
Yep - this should fit just fine
No
Yes it should. It fits my Taylor 714CE which is the same size. At first I didn't think it would, but it did nicely.
it's 45 x 17 inside, it's heavy, massive, well made- fits probably any normal guitar! my classic has room to spare- almost to big!
The case is only 45.5 inches tall
The Dean DA-20 is an Amplifier.
21" body length X 12" upper bout X 16" lower bout and 5" deep. A total overall length of 43" will fit very well. It is one of the nicest cases I have seen. It has 5 latches where some have only 3 or 4. I was very satisfied with the customer service also.
Probably not as the case is shaped for a full-size acoustic.
You would probably need to stuff something like a towel behind it so it wouldn't rattle around.
Mine did.
Not that deep. Case is about 4 1/2 inches deep. It is well padded and that takes up space. My Fender Strat fits perfectly so that might give you some idea.
Not sure my other half has a Yamaha f-325. It fits perfect.
Yes it will fit in the case. This case is a decent case for the price and will protect your guitar from damage. This case is not a case you would use if you're travelling by plane.
Yes
Yes
Yes it will
We put a towel in there to stop it
Yes, I just bought this case in hopes that it would fit. It did with about 2 inches to spare.
Don't know about the length of your Fender, but my 42 inch Strat fit with about 1/2 inch to spare. So, if your Fender is less than 42 1/2 inches long, it will fit just fine. Also, for the price, the case is rigid enough to protect your guitar, has a pocket for all the case candy and some storage room for other stuff you might want to pack in there.
Look at my previous post/ review where I give the inside dimensions. Knowing that will enable you to make a good decision. Hope this helps...
I don't know how wide the Geo is but, you can go to Musicians Friend or Guitar Center's web sit and get a better case for the same price, ( check both sites for price varies), that have better & thicker interior padding and the case is a bit taller and wider. Give your AXE better protection, the brand is, Music Gear.
sorry to say i sold this with a guitar a while back...i had a fender jazzmaster in it which is a giant guitar...sorry i couldnt do any better..
No
110V
Your phono amp brings your output up to line-level standard and is not meant to power headphones. The headphone amp you choose depends on which headphones you plan on driving. The little dot is versatile and can drive cans from 16ohms to 600ohms depending on how you set it up. Further, it provides the opportunity to enjoy the warmer tube sound and also play with tube rolling (experimenting with different tubes for different sound) I switched the opamps out for Burr Browns and am using vintage western electric 408a tubes as this setup works for my Sennheisers. Hope this helped.
about 4-5 business days!
Yes,we can ship you the 220V model as requested.
Just go to Amazon good return page and send item back to the seller to have it repaired or replaced another unit, you have to pay the return postage though. I have done the same before. Hope this helps
When you place the order,and send a message,we will send you the 220v version as requested.
We will set the voltage for you.Please leave me a message for the voltage you want after you place the order.
No, it is not necessary. And frankly, leaving the tubes exposed to the air helps the amp run cooler, which prolongs the life of the tubes and the amp.
Yes, any of the 6AK5 / EF95 / 5654 tubes are compatible with the LD1+.
No, there is no need for matched tubes. The LD1+ is a very user friendly hybrid amp. You can find lots of information on tube rolling here: http://www.head-fi.org/t/364043/little-dot-i-tube-rolling
Dear customer, you're right and I am sorry that I mixed up the model in my last answer. And here's the correct answer: Yes, it's 50w/channel, and totally safe to use with no matter 4ohm or 8ohm speakers.
12.5 cm * 8.8 cm * 4 cm
Yes you can. These are those plugs you unscrew to fit the speaker kable.
yes, you just need an audio cable that you can plug into your MP3 player. I play my Iphone through this amp daily.
No absolutely not. Not even sure how you would do that. First off, This amp is not that good. No where near its rated power.
This unit come with power supply and a transformer.
YOU WILL NEED A PHONO PREAMP, Just check out Amazon for some phono preamps, $20-60 should get you one. That goes between your turntable and the amp inputs. I have this amp and it sounds great, make sure you use a 24VDC power supply, nice clean output I drive 2 MTM towers and they sound great with this amp.....
No
Not sure I understand the question. There is no input for headphones, just speaker outputs. Hope this helps.
I don't see any reason you can't use car audio speakers. They should hook up same as any other type of speaker. I would suggest using banana plugs for easy hook up.
I have not tried with gaming but I dont see why it would not given it handles music just fine. I listen to alot of Jazz and it is quite dynamic.
Yes
It is 24V, 1.5 A
I got mine a few months ago and, for the money, it works well and has good sound. Kind of a retro look. The build quality is acceptable.
Andrew, thanks for the interest here. No this unit does not offer any remote control option. It is analog through and through with no LCD interface. There is an on/off toggle. These units have held up well overall from what I have seen. Once in place (especially as strictly a headphone amp) the sonic quality output is pretty dramatic vs. straight to source. If purchased from me, I conduct a brief test before final packing to ensure all is functioning as opposed to just a shelf pull and pack.
Run the mic cable back to the PC. I love my V3.
well....Russian tubes are supposed to be very well made.....Dont know....haven't sed mine in awhile....it developed scratchy sounds...and it wasn't the volume control.....am using a different headphone amp now.
Yeah significant difference with the bass turned up on the EQUIPMENT but if you need a ton of bass this might not be the best
Not sure, it could be what you are using for an audio source? I have been using mine for quite a while with the same tube and havent noticed any quality issues.
Electro Harmonix gold plugs have a direct replacement that works very well.
The microphone is "hands-free", but does need to be plugged in to the unit. You wear the unit as a belt with the microphone.
I can not recall how long the full charge took. We used this with a wired head set for answering questions in a crowded area. Unit lasted about 5 hours. We are impressed with the unit and have purchased 5. We plan on purchasing more.
No
Move the speaker off to the side of your waist and run the mic cable around your back instead of front with the mic opposite from the speaker . I usually wear a mask that prevents this anyway.
It's the regular 3.5 mm headphone jack like what you would use for a smart phone. I suppose you might be able to use a handheld if you found one with a 3.5mm jack or use an adapter with it. Personally, I wouldn't waste my money on this one again. It turns your voice into Darth Vadar and comes out totally robotic. If you can, spend the money on an Aker Voicebooster. They are great quality and the one they sell for $40 would be 10X better, though the $70-80 ones are the super heavy duty ones that sound more like a bullhorn.
It is comfortable but might be too big for a child depending on the size of the child's head, of course.
I'd say the battery is charged or is charging...
The wood block is chamfered and has a 1 3/4" by 4" base (part that touches the wall) tapered to a 1 1/4" by 3 1/2" top where hook is screwed in. The entire unit sticks out 5 5/8" from the wall. The distance between to two prongs (hook) is 2".
There should be no issues with his bass. Tje hanger its self will hold quite a bit. Where you mount the hanger will matter. Make sure you screw it into a stud.
We don't have an ukulele but it holds my son's 3/4 neck guitar perfectly. Anything smaller would have its tuning pegs resting on the swing. It would be safer to go with the ukulele version swing. :)
Yes it should easily. The width from inside to inside is approximately 2 1/2" near the front (right behind the nubs) and angles to approximately 2 1/4" toward the back
Yes
I hang a full size dreadnought with no problem. Compare the depth of your axe with that of a Martin D 28 and you can be sure.
Marielle, Our listing for this item (Merchant Fulfilled) includes free shipping. So no matter is you buy one or ten, the price for each including Ground Shipping remains the same. For three or more Merchant Fulfilled, while it may say Free Ground Shipping, for delivery in the continental U.S. we're going to ship the package of three + via USPS Priority mail which gets your package to your address in 1 - 3 days depending on the distance-----Your Friends at EZPICKN
It holds the guitar straight, about an inch off of the wall. My kids run through the house and the guitar never hits, just shakes a bit.
I would recommend stud mount depending on weight of guitar. The mounting holes are at 12:00 and 6:00. If you have normal density drywall you would be fine with moly bolts thru drywall. Just using drywall screws may not be enough
I no longer have the packaging, and it does not say on the product, but the StringSwing web site says they are made in USA.
not friend. do not buy it for me.
compra un reductir de boltajes
Yes, you can use other music. I recomended it, it is fantastic.
Pretty easy to fix just power off and on again. My issue was there was a loose screw that came off inside preventing it from moving up and down. Hope this helps.
yes my friend works with sound and is a powerful light and it has for program it... in youtube have tutorials
i hope this video can help you... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z2nfbcGa_kg i think is the same model..
Ive nevr tried it on a dmx board. But I know they work with light jockey but i still had to tweek the profile.
Buy 4 of these 3 to 1 splitters (http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/61TemWV9nHL._SL1500_.jpg). Connect the single side to your 12V power supply then connect 1 TSSS Data Repeater (amplifier) to each of the 3 ends of the splitter (you will need 3 amplifiers). Use the other 3 splitters to connect 1 to each amplifier. This will give you 9 plug ins for your 9 lines and you will not have any power issues. This is probably overkill, but the parts are cheap and you are better off having more available capacity than too little. TIP: To keep things clean I attached heavy duty velcro to the back of each amplifier and the 12V power supply and stuck them to the wall. Buy way more wire (http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/71ekjJHHuAL._SL1500_.jpg) than you think you need and use these (http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/41q%2BhzsWiQL._SL1500_.jpg) on the amplifier end of the wire and cut these in 1/2 then splice them on the light strip end (http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/71j87VtkuhL._SL1500_.jpg) to make everything "plug-and-play".
They are just different ways of connecting, one by screw block and one from a power adapter plug. It depends on what you are going to power it from. The negative screw block terminal is very useful as well to connect the grounds of the source signals and the power adapter so you have a common ground.
You will likely need 5 of these for a run that long, or the colors will all be off and some will be dimmer. Not a good thing. As far as compatibility, if you can solder they will work.
Mine arrived with everything shown in the picture (the unit, the green detachable terminals, and the cables with male connectors at the end). If you didn't get all that, then likely there was some oversight during assembly and you are missing parts.
Yes it can. Just remember your total max load should not exceed 12 amps per repeater,to be on the safe side; I wouldn't max it out, maybe 8 amps. I would connect a max of three 16' strips per repeater and a minimum of 18 Awg wire. a home run for each section or strip is not a bad Idea. If your wire runs are longer than 100' you might want to consult a licensed low voltage technician.
These simply repeat whatever signal is put into it, with a power boost. This is useful for having only 1 controller, but using these you can send that signal with plenty of power to however many strips and repeaters you want. For my build, I used a 360w power supply and 5 of these repeaters to power and send signals to about 10 RGB LED strips (2 strips per repeater) with just 1 controller. What I used: http://www.amazon.com/SUPERNIGHT-Switch-Power-Supply-Switching/dp/B008HARHN8 Edit: On the output side of the repeater, you can see two 'power' terminals. I wired two repeaters from each terminal from the above mentioned power supply. Alternatively, you can also use http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00B7BGAXW (though I've had mixed results with plug compatibility). For me, I have my repeaters wired directly into this cable: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B008LR6EAY, which then goes to a connector that attaches to the lights. Overall I would suggest using a DC power supply if you plan on using more than 1 of these.
It depends on the maximum amperage of the controller. I'm assuming you meant 12V, 120W. This would be a 10A power supply. If your controller can handle 10A than you do not need a repeater. If your controller can't handle 10As, than you will not only need a repeater, but a separate power supply for the controller and the repeater. Keep in mind also that each 5M strip is supposed to be able to pull 6A's if you ignore voltage drop. They usually pull about 5A because of voltage drop. This means that if you put these two LED strips on full blast (white), you will be maxing out your power supply even if your controller can handle 10As. This is generally a bad idea; it always a good idea to have some overhead.
I haven't installed the repeaters yet but as with any repeater these should only "boost" the signal they are receiving. The controller should remain the source of what is going on with the lights.
yes, mind your amps though
No
Top is solid spruce. Sides and back are laminated nato (similar to mahagony).
I don't know what kind of strings but they are decent. If you are new to the guitar, you will probably want to replace them with some light gauge 'silk and steel' strings, which will be easier on your fingers.
Mine came inside
Are you asking about the color of the top wood on this guitar vs another one of the same model? The top being natural solid spruce wood, there is variation in color and grain from one piece to another. Therefore, no two of these guitars are going to look exactly the same. If you are concerned about color and grain, you should probably buy it at a retail store where you can see and pick out your guitar before buying it.
Not sure of the length, but I know it's big. Basically a dreadnought size. I had to send it back for a smaller one. I think there's an FS model.
No, they are metalics.
it is stated in the product item details "Yamaha HCAG1 Hardshell Guitar Case" the Guitar fit nicely in it. Also took a long haul flight from LA to HongKong with it 2 weeks after i bought it. Had it gate-check, and collected it with no issue or ding on the case/guitar.
Yes it is
I got this Epiphone Guitar pack and it works great, however the cable that comes with it connects only to the amp. For Rock smith (which I have and love) make sure the Rock Smith game you buy comes with the cable specifically for the game, it comes with a jack in one end and a USB port on the other (for the 360) I'm not sure what connection it needs for the PS3 or computer. But if you bought the game without the cable just go online and order a cable, amazon has it as "Ubisoft Rocksmith Real Tone Cable" for $26.00
Probably the size and quality of the amp. Double check, but I think the $259 version has a 15 watt amp.
The other kit has a 15watt amp with a few more controls (reverb and overdrive) I'd say used the money you saved and buy a BOSS DS1 or SD-1. for a beginner the 10watt amp is plenty loud
Mine came with the Epiphone Les Paul LTD Special II. A Fantastic Starter guitar. Just love mine. Great package deal and everything came as advertised. Only issue is the practice amp though works well does leave a little to be desired in the sound department. I ordered the all black model but sure you will get the color requested.
No david. its the cheaper version of the higher quality gibson les paul. but is a great guitar in its own rights. if ur new its for u if ur a pro u will like it but will b able to tell difference
I got Ernie ball regular slinky 10 guage and I like them a lot. At guitar center I bought this epiphone kit and had the guitar setup which I highly recommend. The strings are only over 3 dollars for a set. This guitar is a decent learner but the included tuner isn't near as good as a snark and the cable produced a lot of noise. Epiphone should give a better cable than this. I paid 15.00 for a cable that completely eliminated al noise. Also the tuner has dead spots while the snark doesn't. I do like the guitar so far and the amp is good enough for now.
I suppose with the right distortion and tuning you could make an electric sound similar to a Hawaiian steel guitar, but it might be easier to just go for a guitar which already produces this type of sound. A great deal of the sound will depend on techniques such as slides and bends.
Yes
It is a right handed guitar.
I couldn't make it work on Samsung Galaxy S4 neither in Samsung Galaxy S Duos or Galaxy Note 10.1. It seems to be related to impedance issues. Maybe with a different Mic attached but I hav'nt been able to figure it out.
I used a 25' with no loss or signal and that was out of a I phone. I think that you would be ok with a good quality 50' XLR cable without any dropouts.
It should I used on my iphone it work great
Yes. It allows for the connection of a superior mic with an XLR connection while shooting videos with the phone. If you're using Garageband on your phone then the answer is yes to that as well. If on your Mac then this probably isn't what you need as it is designed to work with the unique iPhone connection. For a Mac an external device is superior such as the Focusrite line of pre-amps.
Yes, this is a mic input for your iGizmos. It should work fine.
I am not 100 percent sure. However the fire has the ability to use speaker mic headsets so,it should work.
I've only used it with an iPhone 6 plus... Works fine with that
I'm not sure if I am answering your question. Here's what I know. I was able to use this with A xlr mic and interview someone for a tv show. There wasn't any sound interference. Also make sure to check their website to see if,your phone can use this. Mine worked fine on lg g2. Hope this helps.
No
Yes
All clamps or included that you see, also two sets of plastic pieces that will allow for two different sizes of iPad 2 or a smaller version
Yes, it will hold a iPad 3 but I can say for certain with a case on it.
About a 1/4 inch.
It does not. It attaches to the stand but the stand is not included
Yes. That is how I use mine, and it works very well.
No
I am not sure, because I am unfamiliar with the iPad 4. I don't feel that the hold portion of the unit is very adaptable so my inclination is to say it won't.
Eric, I don't know about the ipad air but I had great difficult getting it to accept my ipad2. The plastic clips that hold the ipad snap into place and if you insert the wrong clips they break when trying to remove them. This made me very unhappy with the product although once assembled properly it works well. The instructions that came with it are very vague. Good luck
It comes with adapters for iPads, so I'd guess it wouldn't work with a surface 2
I highly doubt it would fit your kindle fire. Possible, but I doubt it.
I think it will fit.
I don't know. I have a Taylor 314ce. It fits that, with room to spare.
my grandson has acoustic guitar , i measured the width depth, and length of his guitar before i selected this one. he does like it, made better then first one he had. sorry i could give more info for your guitar
I am not sure about that particular model but the case is roomy. If your guitar is a standard-sized acoustical it should fit.
headstock 12"x 6" x 5": depth 5": waist 12": lower bout 16": upper 13": length 44".
I am going to say "no" because this is such a snug fitting case...but I do not know for sure.
If the Estabon is a classical guitar, my educated guess is yes, it will fit. The ChromaCast case seems to be large enough for an acoustic smaller than a jumbo. It is a very nice case for a good price. If it does not fit. Amazon is good about returns.
Yes
Hello Paul I bought my niece a Gibson guitar for Christmas. I measured her case it is 4 3/4 deep 44 inches long width is 5 3/4 at the neck middle 13 inches and the width at the bottom is 16 inches. The case is very nice & sturdy. It does have some padding as well. It is very well made. I hope I have answered all your questions. Have any more just let me know. Hope you enjoy the case as much as we did. Thank you,
I would not use for air line travel knowing how it would be handled. Not nearly as rigid as my gator case.
Yes, in theory. It fits my Tele perfectly, even with its longer-than-normal head. Should fit any LP, SG, Strat, or Tele. Probably Jazzmaster/Jag type bodies as well, but def not V's, Explorers, etc.
It looks like it will fit. The ibanez seems to be a standard size. We have a Jackson Soloist in ours. We bought the the case for an Epiphone...that did not fit.
First off, I apologize for taking so long to respond, didn't see the email until Friday. The answer is Yes and No. The inside width of the case is 14", NOT counting the padding (about 1/2" on each side). I checked mine and you COULD squish your Danelectro in, but you'd need to compress all the padding which might defeat its purpose. I DO like my case and the Seller was fantastic but you might want to shop around for something a little larger (if you haven't bought one already). Still, the price is great, you get actual wood as opposed to perfboard, and the Seller will issue a refund if it doesn't work, although if you're like me you probably want to avoid the hassle... Rudy
Yes it will
No...it's to small.
I dont think so, cause the case has the 46x17 inches....maybe its better not take the risks
It fits the same as a gator case or musicians gear case. You will have no problem with using this for your Squire guitar
I bought to soon. My son's electric guitar didn't fit. I had to return it.
No. The Fender is the normal thickness of an acoustic guitar. This case is for an electric guitar or a "thin-body" acoustic lest than 4" thick.
I went a head and measured my son's bag. This is what I came up with: The bag is 42 inches long. The length of the "Shoulders" On the guitar case is 14 inches across. The bottom of the bag is 16 1/2 inches across. The whole bag is 4 inches in depth. The pockets are very plentiful and it should be a very snug fit with no room to shift the guitar once in the bag. I hope this helped!!
It should fit it perfectly! My son uses it for his Wal-Mart brand guitar. The measurements on the casing is 100% accurate and will be snug so it doesn't "Shift." It holds a nice thick book bag type material and foam insulation to prevent dinks and dents. No complaints yet! You will love it!
Yes. That happens to be the exact guitar that I carry in mine and it fits perfectly with plenty of room to upgrade to a full size later if I want. There is also plenty of room for anything else you may need to carry with you while you learn.
It should. That's about the same size as my Yamaha FG700S dreadnaught, which fits in the case. Fit is a bit snug, however...
No leather
I don't know as I don't have a stand but the pocket is about 5" x 20".
We have a 3/4 guitar in it now and it has a lot of room leftover length wise but it might be snug for a larger bottom guitar.
It is slightly padded. I was quite satisfied with the case as I bought it for my grandson. It has straps so he can carry it over his shoulders like a backpack, which will help him carry it to school. For the price, I was quite happy with what we got.
We are using it for a full size acoustic and it works great.
Yes this fits standard size. I loved Ll the extra pockets
Yes
Yes It will.
The size is 14 "x 6" x 12". Size selection is based on guitar shape (Bass, Accustic, and Electric). Select your gig bag according to the guitar type that you intend to fit into the gig bag. I hope that my reply to your question will help you. Happy Shopping.
43" by 16" and 4" on depth. Fits Epiphone Dove but will not fit Epiphone DR100!
Yes it will..I have a Les Paul Custom and a ESP LP style and they both fit as well as my other guitars.
I don't know the exact size of that specific guitar, but I can tell you that my Ovation Celebrity acoustic/electric guitar fits perfect. Hopefully you get the pick sampler if you order. I did not receive that. Hope the info helped!!
It's for the case
Fits any standard electric guitar, might not fit all guitars with long or big headstocks
Yes I think so
Hi there, It's artist 7 but can be upgraded to 7.5 via 7G download, hope this helps x
There are tons of interfaces that work, "best" is certainly going to depend on your specific needs. I've used both Steinberg's UR22 and NI's Komplete Audio 6, and they both work great for me.
This is the full version with a new e-liscensor. If you have no preexisting software this is all you need. I had version 5.0 for the lite version and opted to buy this at the artist level so I could expand on what I had before. Great buy, bit of a different layout to get used too, but I'd recommend it.
Shouldn't be a problem - the software comes with a USB hardware key that is needed to run the software. As long as you have the key inserted, you can run the software on any computer.
We only sell this product in the U.S. Alexander. Thanks.
The installation media contains both 64 and 32 bit versions. When you run the installer it will ask you which version you would like to install.
Yes you can, you will need a cable similar to this one: "6 Feet 3.5mm Male Stereo to Dual 1/4-Inch Male Mono Y-Cable" and you can get the cable from Amazon. I use it with my laptop, I plug the two 1/4 inch mono into channels 1 and 2 of the mixer and pan channel 1 all the way left and pan channel 2 all the way right for full stereo, the 3.5mm or 8th inch into my laptop, phone, tablet or other device that takes the 3.5mm cable.
You can google it.
It will do just fine. It power my two 15" 400 Watts peavey speakers with no problems.
As far as I know, the only ways to connect a laptop is out the headphone jack into 1/4" or XLR and use 2 channels panned left and right or out of your USB into a gigaport or some other sound card and then into the channels on the mixer. The USB input on the mixer is only for playing music directly from a flash drive or external drive. I have not worked with it enough to know if there are other options. I hope that helps.
Hi, USB only for UPS memory stick and if you want to play ipod or phone use AUX return. Thanks
yes
Absolutely!!
I had no sub...I was just using 2 15s
Absolutely. You can plug either way and play
8 ohms
Yes. The shipping is more expensive with the case but we will pay the extra shipping cost. Do you need anything else such as a tuner, guitar stand, capo, extra strings, etc.?
Yes
It is made in Mexico under Martin direct supervision and quality control. The nut and saddle are Tusq and the bridge pins, I would guess, are plastic (easy to replace with a better quality pin for about $5.
Not sure honestly. As far as acoustics go it's pretty solid feeling and with the case that is some extra. Almost anywhere you order it it though I would imagine will have free shipping.
Yes, it is an upgrade from LE and AI, and, No, it does not come with a USB dongle. Thanks.
yes!...You can it! . I`m from Ecuador. Greetings!
Yes, it would be able to be upgraded from elements 7. I had LE5 and I upgraded. It is worth it too, I think. 7.5 is awesome and really easy to use. The quality of audio you are able to get from it is very good. Tons of features and plug-ins, high quality effects, everything needed to record, also a new mix console. And cubase 7.5 comes with a usb licenser, if u don't have one already, to register it. I wish I wouldn't have waited as long as I did to upgrade.
I also owned Cubase LE. This upgrade worked out for me. I was worried about the learning curve of going from LE up to 7.5 but it wasn't that hard to adjust. The upgrade will give you way more features. I would double check with Steinberg to make sure it will work but can't see any reason why it wouldn't.
Yes it will work. It comes with the usb drive and you just register it on the Steinberg website. I had le5 and got the upgrade from here. It is a great program. So many great features. Highly recommend it.
It worked for me. The previous version has to be registered with Steinberger for this to work.
Yes it is eligible for upgrade.
This upgrade is for AI/LE versions. The upgrade from v4 is actually a little cheaper and can be found here: http://www.amazon.com/Steinberg-Cubase-7-5-Upgrade/dp/B00B6MNWDS
I believe that it is and you can, but the keyboard was a gift for my sister and I have never questioned her about it.
I weighed on my scale and it was about 1 pound
It is basically for melody playing with simple left hand accompaniment. I think that it can only play a three note chord.
No, it doesn't
Yup. The kit comes with a pad that is affixed to the bottom of the kit and picks up the bass by having the beater attached to the bass hit against that pad.
You have Midi output, no Midi in and no USB
There is although assuming you have headphones with a standard 3.5mm (1/4") jack, you will need to buy a 1/4" -&gt; 1/8" adapter
I don't know.
Around 7.5 inches
You can, but with the td4 module there is no room for an extra pad
Hello, yes 110v External Power Supply, you can obtain a 220v Supply within your county if needed, Thanks from 8thstreet Music...
bass trigger the KD-9
The best thing is to call or write Voodoo Lab. There are too many variables to it. They always answered my questions both by phone and email. This is the best way to get advice from the makers, not someone from the internet. Too many people have an opinion instead of electrical engineering facts. Call Voodoo.
Yes, they only use as much current as they need
Yes, you absolutely can. I've done it, and it was after confirming with the guys at Voodoo Lab directly (who are extremely nice and helpful, answering emails almost immediately). Couldn't say enough good things about their products and service.
Yep. They'll only use as much power as they need.
Unfortunately, no. You'd have to purchase the 240V version for your country.
No, it does not have a fan, and it is very quiet, hardly any noise at all. Thank you.
Yes - Voodoo Labs make a Pedal Power 4X4 in a European Version. One European Site that carries it is: http://www.thomann.de/gb/voodoo_lab_pedal_power_4x4.htm I am sure there are others.
Yes, I did it and it fits nicely. i had regular Voodoo Lab on the pedal train but replaced it with 4x4 (added Strymon pedals that require up to 450 mAmp.). I had to drill new holes for the screws but other then that it worked out pretty well.
If your talking about the cables that connect from the power supply to the pedals , yes they do
I did not receive an 18v cable. The box reads: "18v and 24v via option cable".
All you have to do is locate the Mini Kinta near one of the speakers and set the mode for sound sensitivity. The MK should be pointed at the largest expanse of walls and the room should be as dark as possible. There is no wiring needed because the MK sequences the lights according the the sound heard by the microphone located in the back of the unit.
The bracket should be able to be mounted to either the wall or the ceiling with a couple of larger wood screws or self taping bolts. Once the bracket is mounted set the mini Kinta to sound activated plug the unit in to a power cable with a switch on it, so it does not run all the time, you have control on/off when you want it. It should work good, aim it where you would like it. John
The Mini Kinta uses up to 3 DMX channels in 3-CH DMX mode, which defines the highest configurable address to 510.
No, the Mini Kimta looks great without fog. Led beams are great
No, the kinta projects diffent colors. It just depends on when the photo was taken.
Just happens I had my system set up. You can DMX the color you like but on Auto-sound active, you get a nice flow of color, one at color at time. I have not needed to just have one color fill. I really like the sound active part of it, as I am just using in as a filler on stage. Hope this helps.
My Kinta is also very insensitive to sound, basicly these were designed to be in a small area/room with an insane amount of bass/volume to trigger.
The system only responds to lower frequency sounds. If you have a choice, place the unit nearest the subwoofer.
No
There is a possibility that the internal power wire is frayed. I know I had a problem with it breaking. If you know someone good with electronic components, ask them to take a look at it.
No it won't work with nylon strings. Your best bet is an undersaddle pickup, but they require professional installation and drilling a couple of holes in your guitar. If you're looking for an economy option you can put in yourself, take a look at stick-on transducers (aka "contact mic"). They sound decent if you install them under the bridge.
I Love the playing of my guitar. sound adjustment no amp real nice.
I'm happy with mine. I think it will do just fine. .
I don't know about that guitar specifically, but if you're just looking to give a guitar sound, this'll work. It has more of an electric sound, though, not perfectly acoustic.
Nope, not on this one.
I don't have rocksmith, but it looks like it has its own cable that you plug into an electric guitar jack. This pickup should work to use an acoustic with rocksmith, but it has its own cable and no jack. You'd need a 1/4" mono female to female coupler (a couple dollars) to go between the two cables. That should do it.
The cable is about 9'6" long.
Most of the dreadnaught guitars have the same or very close to the same size hole. I believe 4" is the size or within 1/32 of that. I have found the pickup very useful with good sound pickup. Roger P.
It keeps the acoustic sound. Very nice sound.
With the mic plugged into the iPhone headphone jack, you can input to any apps that display a microphone icon, for example Google Translate or Dragon Dictation. However, when a device is plugged into the iPhone, the iPhone speakers are muted. I tried a number of work-arounds using a Jambox and the built in iPhone Voice Memo app but could not get it to do what you want.
Yes, i currently use it with my Iphone 5 as well as my ipad
Yes it will pick up all the sound in the room.
I just used it to record vocals and group scenes for a musical it did great. I have the iPad 3 it works fine with it. It plugs in just like ear buds with a mic.
If you are using it outside you may want one, but for normal use it does not need a windscreen.
This is a mic built for audio measurements purposes. To record their qualities will be the same as the microphone of mobile phone or tablet.
Yes, will works. Please read the tutorial on the website of the manufaturer.
It depends on the interview. Using this during a one on one interview would be just fine, recording in a lecture hall maybe not as well. The closer to the source, the better. I would recommend using this with the app Voice Record Pro from Bejbej apps. The app has individual gain and silence detection controls. Of course with any mic, testing it out is essential.
Yes, I think it would do very well. I have been super impressed with the audio quality while recording my tenor saxophone. You will want to try several different distances from the mic to find the best sound.
Yes
Please be advised, The "Pickguards" are NOT the only difference between the Dove and the Hummingbird guitars. While the dimensions may be identical, the woods used are quite deferent. They both have solid spruce tops. However, the Dove has laminated "Maple" back and sides, while the Hummingbird has laminated "Mahogany" back and sides. And these two woods produce a distinctively deferent tone.
The Epiphone Dove Pro is only made in the Vintage Burst finish.
It has two chrome pieces own both sides of box top and bottom
Taiwan. All Epiphones are made in Asia
It has a truss rod cover, but I haven't removed it. Since it's a real Epiphone with warranty, I'm 99.9% sure it does.I've already had warranty service on it for the Fishman preamp.
Yes
Theirs no tuner in it. But it's still an electric acoustic. Try the cable on the inside.
China. With computerized lathes and good materials you can build them anywhere, but it's less expensive to build there.
no
Yes and it is easy, sorry taking so long to give an answer. Just follow the instruction book. There is a USB port on the front of this karaoke player that will take a USB flash drive. Also you can use a FAT32 formatted external hard drive to store your karaoke music.
You will need an amp to run speakers through it.
No you cannot input an ipod on this player, I haven't looked into ipod's and karaoke. The concept sounds like a good idea and I'm sure it has been done. I own this karaoke player and it will record singing to an sd card or a flash drive. I own several Karaoke CD+G's and I record them to flash drives. I've never recorded my own singing LOL
The product description states: "The DGX-213's most important feature is to convert CD+Gs into MP3+Gs and storing them on a USB device or SD card. You also have the option to record using many sources such as from your CDs, VCDs, CD+Gs, MP3+Gs, or AVI files (AVI audio track must be encoded in MP3)." Even if it didn't or you decide to purchase a different Karaoke player, you can copy the CD+G's to your computer, then using a free software called AudioGrabber, you can convert it to any number of file types and copy them to a USB, or to a CD in a format some other player uses like MP3.
It's depended on the media that you are playing. CD+G and MP3+G Karaoke will have onscreen lyric and a blue background. DVD/VCD Karaoke will have onscreen lyrics and moving background. This Karaoke player will read all of the format mentioned above.
There are if you get CDG Karaoke Discs
Mine did not come with microphones (?)
I felt a slight delay in vocals vs the karaoke track. You get used to it and it still works for sing along needs. Recording function is useless. Dont buy it for that function. With very less options in the market, i decided to keep it. Too overpriced for the quality of the unit.
The player will play music from a CD or a Sims Card and a USP Flash Drive. It will give you the music but not the Lyrics . MP3+G or CD+G in the player will give you the Lyrics on the screen. I think that I have had mine over a year not and I just Love it. One on the main things that I like is the Song List. You can fill your flash and after it loads it you can press Create Song List and it will create one and put it on your flash drive so you can plug it into your computer and print it. Also it will assign it's own number for each song. You can look through your list and when you see the one you want then just key the assigned number and it will take you right to it. But remember that you have to have what ever input MPG+3 format for it to show the video data. And when you are just play music it will not show the song list. I seen where Travis put that in his answer and he is correct. Hope this has help you.
Yes it has a button to change the key up or down
1.2m (about 48-inches). A comfortable length to go from earset to waist transmitter even on very tall individuals.
It comes with the four adapters as shown. Two of them are locking adapters:a 4 pin and a 3 pin. I don't know if the four pin is the audiotechnica style, but it is configured with the pins like a Y and the pins are at each end of the Y, and one pin in the center. For the money, this over the ear mic is amazing.
It will work with any 3 pin shure transmitter
I do not think so but I can't say for sure. I would highly recommend buying a good mic. I know this one looks like a good option because of the price but having purchased a number of them and having tried to deal with PYLE customer service, the name says it all. They are a PYLE of junk.
I think will work with the adapter xlr
It will however I don't recommend this mic at all. I received it on a Saturday, returned it on Monday. If you talk in a calm normal tone its alright but as soon as you raise your voice its quickly distorts.
Yes, this unit has four adapter plugs, one of which is for the Shure bodypack.
Phantom power is not necessary.
I'm having trouble finding a replacement cable, let alone a longer one (maybe proprietary). If you really want to extend the length you have a couple options: 1. use the mini xlr adapter end and get another mini xlr cable to extend it (you'll also probably need an adapter to connect the mini xlr into... anything else), or 2. use the device as intended - connected to a belt pack wireless transmitter. Also, keep in mind this is a condenser mic and requires its own power (provided by the belt pack transmitter or phantom power via XLR). If you try to use it as a simple computer, or dynamic, mic, it will not work.
I teach guitar lessons, primarily to kids, and this is always a tricky question. If you can afford $300, then this is a guitar that you will never outgrow. It is an excellent instrument, in build quality, sound and playability. Many parents don't want to spend "too much" on a beginner guitar, but if you get something too cheap, then you may have an instrument that's unplayable, doesn't tune properly or just isn't fun to play. I've been playing for 30+ years and recently purchased one of these Epiphone Hummingbirds. Mine was pretty much perfect out of the box and I couldn't be more pleased. Just a beautiful looking and sounding guitar, and so much fun to play. The pickup sounds good, too, which is a nice bonus. You may or may not have plans to ever perform or plug it in, but that may change in the future.
No, unfortunately it doesn't come with a "gig bag". Most high end Gibson, Fender, etc...guitars will come with a hard shell case. Most medium price range guitars will come with at least a "soft shell or what's know as a gig bag". As this instrument is on the lower rung "price wise" Epiphone offered neither. It's an AMAZING guitar...well built, incredible sound (a bit on the "bright" side), with a smooth easy breezy neck action. Well worth much more money than Epiphone asks for it. So, don't let the lack of a case dissuade you from purchasing it!! You can get great cases (hard shell or soft shell) on Amazon, American Musical Supply, Sweetwater, or Guitar Center for a very reasonable price.
Etched, feel free to remove covering, Epiphone / Gibson make quality products. Any pick guard will show signs of wear, which adds character to your guitar. Knock yourself out.
It's an under-saddle pickup system which allows you to plug the guitar into an amp or PA. Shadow is a well respected German pickup company.
Mine was made in China, as many of the lower-priced guitars are. However I find the quality to be quite acceptable, and after having a good guitar tech do a setup on it (about $75), it plays very well. Of course, it's not the quality of a hand built $3,000 guitar, but it's well worth the $300 price tag. I get lots of comments on the beauty of it too.
The hummingbird is mahogany a softer wood, also more prone to warping. For $100 more I would buy the ej 200 maple, louder, more crisp & will last longer, a better buy for only $ more sturdy guitar.. Have both in Gibsons & epiphones. The ej 200 is just like my Gibson the Hummingbird is much less quality.
The pro has to pick up system. That's all..nothing to write home about though
It's a great beginner and expert guitar sound is really great and it looks amazing
Nothing with mine except hex wrench and manual
Not sure the brand, but they seemed to be cheap. Best to replace with quality strings. In fact, I highly recommend having a tech do a setup on this guitar. Usually runs around $75 and well worth it. As a mass-produced guitar, the factory really does not pay attention to detail and a setup will get the strings adjusted the way you like them, plus you can replace them with the type of strings you like.
I think they're large!
No the plastic is what is hypo allergenic and these are used on larger earring to keep them close to the ear and not flip forward.
Yes they are all the same size, but curved a little. Not flat like most. Fits tighter to the earring post.
Yes, although we tend not to push them on all the way. Our daughter's ears kept "swallowing" her earring backs (which is why we bought these), so we are nervous about putting anything on too snugly now.
Depends on how thick your posts are...pretty small but you may be able to force opening a bit. Too bad you can't just receive a sample. If you wNt to send me a self addressed stamped env, I would send you a pair.
Yes they do.
yes they will work and they are very effective
Yes especially if the ear ring is heavy or big they work get by keeping them in place.
Tagalog is our dialect. Its our main language in the philippines
Sure you can. There a 'key' button on the mic with up and down arrows
No Arabic songs downloaded. If you can find your music on a karaoke provider using CDG4 format you can load onto a USB drive and insert it in the machine and sing it from there.
Not that I am aware. Song list is decent but I bought some additional chips to help round it out and purchase songs from Ace Karaoke for newer stuff that I either don't want to buy a whole chip for or that I only want as a single song. System is really fun, good graphics great sound. Have mine hooked into stereo and TV so I probably have unhappy neighbors when I crank it...
Sorry. I don't know the answer to that.
That can be dependent on how you have connected it to the TV and sound system. TV settings can help but we chose to directly connect the sound output from the Magic Sing to the stereo system. Sorry cannot help more than that - this is very dependent on the components you are connecting this to.
I have this unit for like 4 mos now and I didn't have this kind of issue.
The songs that come with the machine are in English, but you can pay extra and get Tagalog songs as well. Songs are also available separately in several other languages like Spanish and Japanese.
Right side of the unit has an on/off switch
The chips would be marked with a ET for EnterTech. I love this machine. I was a big-time karaoke person with alot of CDGs. I basically converted all my CDGs to a digital file on a USB. I plug the USB to the front of the machine and I'm going for hours. I rarely used the pre-programed songs or the one extra chip I bought.
Its made of a soft kind of wood. I do not know the name of it but the guitar sounds really good after tuning.
Everything in the picture came with my order, including digital tuner. The guitar case is a foldable canvas bag.
Yeah its not bad especially for the price but please keep in mind I bought this for my wife so she could learn but its really nice and looks good
It is..... Its a great starter package
The build is very, very good on this Korean made guitar. Not mentioned is the impressive one piece side and center block construction. Also Grovers and Duncan designed pickups and nicely sized body. Packed with perks, great fit and finish. Don't know why Samick didn't make more of a splash. (Too many sheeples out there, I would guess)
guitarguy , I recieved my Korean RL-4 late last month . It had inspection tags dated 4/12/2005! Although the Samick box looked like it was accosted by a grizzly bear, the guitar itself was pristine and obviously never handled. Seeing that Amazon has (had?) only one more, I might assume they were from the same batch, although this assumption has no guarantees , of course. If not to your satisfaction (wink, wink), who could fault you for returning a 9 year old guitar . If it's in the same shape as the one I recieved, I'm sure you'll be thrilled !! Be sure to let me know ....
The guitar is made in Korea, but don't let that stop you... The craftmanship is very good to excellent. I'm a pro guitar tech , I play Jazz and it has served me well . I've compared it to other US and chinese made guitars and it is a great guitar for the money you spend . I will continue to use it until I can afford a custom carved top and back Jazz Box... JJ Vibrato
I created my own. I used an old T-shirt wound around the stem coming from the Blue. It doesn't look too bad (no one really sees mine anyway), and may help isolate an vibrations even better.
It is very possible to cut the end of the cable off and remove the integrated cable. You would then have to feed an unterminated cable through the arm and re-terminate with an XLR (male) connector. Pretty simple to do if you look up the process for termination. I on the other hand just zip tied the cable to the arm and made sure to leave a little slack so you can pivot the arm and adjust the cable appropriately. Hope this helps =)
It will support the weight but the stand isn't directly compatible with the mic, you have to buy an adapter unless you want to rig it to the stand.
Well it's a great mount and the 2500 is a great mic, but depending on how you want to mount it, you may need an adapter for the mounting.
Yes
It's a dim blue led. The transmitter.
So sorry, you could just control one at one time.thanks
5 mm I do believe. The larger style of 12v jacks.
The RF remote is programmed to only affect the unit it ships with.
One remote will work for all of them. I have three sets in my kitchen as floor level lights. Each is separate, but one remote works them all. I wish they would sell the sensor unit without the additional remotes that aren't needed.
It is smaller than the remote
R106 is for single color strips, R105 is for RGB strips
It matters what model you have. This controller is for a single color led strip. Example Cool white etc. If your strip is RGB(multi color) it could work, but you would only be able to control one color, or control all colors to produce white light.
The battery is a CR2025 and it lasts a long time.
Each of the Radio Frequency (RF) Receivers I have received (some 7 now) have each been different and have not shown the RF used. One could write the manufacturer and request a batch that used the same RF, but it is not currently accommodated at the retail level.
Yes it does
this interested me so i grabbed my meter on my lights goes from max of 800 ma full on to 10ma lowest setting but im not running a whole roll of leds. so far I'm real happy with this thing.I'm running accent lighting with it controller is rf so do not need line of sight to module.
I bought one and hooked it up to 14' of led lighting. It worked good till I sent it to the controller to the bottom of the lake. Try rechecking the connector for the lights. I hooked it up backwards the first time that I wired it and it was a no go till I changed it.
It is covered in heat shrink tubing and surely is water resistant. I think that a bit of rtv on each end would make it fairly impervious to water.
The warranty is 1 year. Have a great day!
I also bought a year warranty, What happened with your system?
There is an un amp main output that could be hooked to an external amp.
Hi Scott, Thanks for your interest in Seismic Audio and our Landslide-12P, powered mixer. The RCA on the Landslide are inputs and their level is controlled by the Main left and right faders. However, if you can go another route, say dual 1/4" TS or dual Male XLR, and input into 2 actual input channels, you will have more control over the sound. If you input into 2 channels, you will want to make sure that the controls are the same i.e. the gain, EQ, and volume fader. You can set 1 channel to pan hard left, and the other channel hard right. This will actually send a true stereo signal to your main outputs. Here is a link to these cables on Amazon: SAiXLRY10: http://www.amazon.com/Seismic-Audio-Stereo-Splitter-Patch/dp/B0072JJYDQ/ref=sr_1_4?s=musical-instruments&ie=UTF8&qid=1425924864&sr=1-4&keywords=seismic+audio+splitter SAiTSY6 http://www.amazon.com/Seismic-Audio-SAiTSY6-Stereo-Splitter/dp/B009LNTQ84/ref=sr_1_20?s=musical-instruments&ie=UTF8&qid=1425924864&sr=1-20&keywords=seismic+audio+splitter Thanks, Rusty
Hi, Thank You for the question... The Landslide does not have an option to be rack mounted at this time. Thanks again
Yes, the main left and right outs are balanced TRS 1/4" outputs. Have a great day!
Hi, Thanks for the question. The main left and right outputs on the top right are line level signals that could be sent to a recorder as well as the aux send.
Hello. I don't know if Amazon will block our link from our site, but we have the manual on our website. I'll Paste it here http://cdn-tp1.mozu.com/2199-2317/cms/2317/files/Professional%20Mixing%20Console%20LANDSLIDE%20new%20update.pdf
Hi, The mixer has combo jacks for the outputs. The combo has speakon or 1/4" out.
Hi, Yes it can be shipped world wide. Please send us a complete address so we can quote you a shipping costs.
Yes, just a regular outlet.
You just have to click through the modes using the button on the white control box.
It would be 3m in height and 6m in length.
I got mine out and physically measured them. Each strand is 9 3/4" to 10" apart and there is a total 24 strands. There is also a controller that allows you to switch to 8 different modes for a wave flash to steady on. Hope this answers your question.
Each section is about 10-12" apart
Not designed to be cut.
It shouldn't do that. You press the button until you get to the one you want and its supposed to stay on that one until you turn it off - then it resets to all
The plug is American
To put it a little simpler - they stretched across for 6 meters and ea strand hung down about 3 meters
Hello it took awhile to do so and when I finally did I took some candy ties and tied them into groups so they wouldn't tangle again. But I had to send them back because after I did all that unwrapping and hung them up multiple lights wouldn't even work. Those lights was a waist of my time. Never had a chance to use them.
The boom has an adapter already threaded on the end. One Large ( standard) One small. Its on the end of the boom. I have $ 100.00 Snowball (silver) an it works with that. Just unscrew the stand off and thread the snowball on the boom
yes. I have different variations of mics that didn't fit but had their own shockmount so it all worked out.
The shock mount is not made for the yeti which is a very large mic. I have both items sitting on my desk and they are not compatible. You'd have to purchase a different shock mount.
I use this with the at2020 and it works great. You have to open the shock mount a little more than normal but it still all goes together.
This will fit the blue yeti that is what I use it for but if u want to use the shock mount its a bit tight. You can use it with the shock mount but it is hard getting it in so I use it without the shock mount piece. Hope that helps
Certainly. It is very strong and well made. Mine hold: CAD GXL2200 and CAD U37 USB and are operated by two 7 year olds and a 6 year old. I also have a pop screen on each. I drilled a 3/8" hole in our broadcast table to accommodate 2 and used the supplied turn screw for the 3rd. A bargain at double the price.
Stand itself will work fine with the threaded bit at the bottom of your mic. You will NOT fit a yeti in the shock mount. Not even close to being big enough. Using a much heavier mic than the yeti now and it stays in place very well. You can buy a shock mount for the yeti itself (little pricey) but you'll still be able to use this stand.
about 6 feet
I can't say I've used it with that mic, but it is very sturdy and the adjustments provide a tightness at every angle. I would feel confident that it would hold it with no problem.
Yes it should be able to fit. I have a behringer c1 in mine. Now you may note that this arm has a built in xlr cable and the c1u is a usb mic.
I had to connect by rca cable. If I used hdmi cable i had same problem
Yeah, Built in , some old song Good luck &#128515;&#128515;&#128515;
Yes, hooks up to the tv and takes score. All of the features work well. The only complaint I have is that there is a small delay/echo on the tv speakers with the mike
nope
I was unaware that it even came with the free song chip, but if you use the customer service number they can help. We had to call the number provided with the unit, same issue with the link for us. The customer service person was very nice and has already fixed a couple of issues for us and gave us good info when it came to setting it up.
Yes
The songs are actually CD quality. I have it hooked up to a surround system in my living room. You may have to tweak a few of the settings to get it perfect sound but overall out the box it doesn't sound crappy. My sons mother, grandmother and aunt love it.

Yes it's actual videos..
where can i get the song list for this ?
Yeah, you can use normal 1/4" cables and you'll want to. The speakers sound much better with good speaker cables vs. the ones that come with the system. Good system, by the way. You'll like it.
Running one speaker is fine have used it as a keyboard amp or small setting with just one no problem. , it's great
No. USB is for iPhone, iPad, etc. You can add an additional Bluetooth receiver by plugging it into the 1/4" jack and use the USB for power to the add on Bluetooth device.
Just checked the manual. Your monitors have to be powered. The mains are powered through the controller but the monitors are not. Hope that helps.
You can. All you've got to do is connect them to the "monitor out" 1/4" outputs (which are unpowered) and into the inputs in the K8s (GREAT SPEAKERS!). The only problem is that the "monitor" channel functions as an aux channel so you'll have to either use the K8s as monitors or reverse the mix ("monitor" for the mains and main for the monitors). Other than that, should work like a champ. Great unit.
Only line inputs, not line outputs in channel 7/8. You can't record from the board and run monitors at the same time, only one or the other
The RCA jacks for the stereo channels (7 & 8) are inputs.
Wow, I have no idea. Doubtless Yamaha makes both types, but I'm in the States, so naturally mine is 120 v.
Can you tell me how you are going to connect this device as I am unfamiliar with it. I connect a portable device I have through the RCA connections. This enables the sound, music etc., to run through it as well as record. It also has a USB port on the back, although I have not tried to directly record from this devise, as my portable device records. It does not have a particular button, switch or toggle for recording so if the device you are using does not have the recording capability I'm not sure how you would get into "record" mode. Though I am saying this without reading the manual which is packed away at the moment.
I did not understand! what's the speakers?
No it is not.
About 30 or 40lbs.
I'm really happy with the speaker, but I added a ext. Bass speaker bcz "I'm not happy with the bass.
Yes, it sure does.
If you are asking about the slave speaker onlinecarstereo was the only place I have been able to locate it. They also have the cable to connect the two together.
Apart from the usb and sd slot it has the following inputs. The mic inputs are 1/4 and xlr. The line inputs are xlr and 1/4. Outputs are 1/4 line out and an speakon which can be used with the slave speaker which is sold separately.
These are not sold in sets so you will only get one speaker if you purchase. There is a slave speaker that can be found online that matches this item which is intended for what you are asking.
the speaker has RCA inputs on the back of the speaker
Yes. There is a 1/4 input jack and 1 xlr where a mic can be connected.
Yes.
Yes you need it plugged in all the time when running cubase 7, but the good news is that this bundle comes with a usb elicencer so you don't need to buy one seperately
For anyone!
Is not cubase 7.5. When i bought it steinberg presents cubase 7,5 but they gave a grace period for all the people who bought cubase on a period determinated. I downloaded the cubase 7,5 for free
I did it, and i'm in argentina... Hope this helps you
I describe it as a single mid range speaker . it does have a small tweeter. it has excellent bass response but I would not call it a woofer.
Yes, it has a standard mount on the bottom.
Two band
I used it for 4 hrs once and it still had power,,,
I have never times it to charge and there is no indicator when it's charged or when it's dying. I've never used it more than 3hra straight tho without it being plugged in.
Yes, you can play any smartphone or MP3 player using the rca connections on the back of the speaker.
No that is 5 pieces everything that u see in the pict es that have
Yes
Yes, in fact I recommend using it while plugged in to a wall outlet and save your battery for when its most needed.
Mine did not come with lapel and Headset only the two mics (shown). My unit has two Mic input jacks, but they are standard 1/4" mike jacks. Don't have the unit with me - loaned it out.
The supplier has sent you a unit with a European plug in error! Same thing happened to me. As I travel to Europe, I already had a foreign adapter. I would send unit back. Failing that you will have to spend $6-$10 for travel adapter.
Yes, it will pulsate to sound of music.
110 v
Unfortunately, no. What they have is what you got. But If I remember correctly, the Red and Green will come together for the Yellow effect. but that is as far as you will get. It will mix between the two but not Stay there. It just the basic colors Red Blue Green and then it will mix itself between those closest colors. I love having the Purple, so I set it to do the Mix with the Red and Blue and every once in a while it will go from the Red, Blue then Purple and repeat. That's all you'll get.
Dear friend, you just can change the model
No, it has an electrical cord and the lights are suppose to last quite awhile. I think instructions told how to order new bulbs but they were to last years.
Yes one of the settings, not sure on #. Find proper setting turn up music light is qued by base. This is my favorite setting.
Yes its doesnt rotate
Check the instructions for setting #..... it's p7 I think but your's night be different
The inside of the light rotates, but the entire unit does not move.
Comes with power supply. By the way, this unit doesn't recognize codecs like those from a DVD player. It works fine for basic PCM sources like TV's, but not others.
The supplied adapter is a US-style plug, claims to support 100-240V, I never tried it though. The box itself can run either off the 5V DC from adapter or mini-USB.
I would say Yes if receiver has RCA input jacks.
this converts digital (optical) audio to analog as it says on the device. If your receiver takes RCA (analog) inputs it should work. I am using it on a TV with an optical out connected to an old pair of sony speakers with RCA inputs and it works fine.
Yes, as long as it's Optical/coaxial from your DVR to the 3.5mm jack on your headset.
This is not intended to be used with a Roku. The Roku has HDMI output to the TV. HDMI carries both audio and video signals. The Panlong is a digital (optical) to analog converter. I have on older stereo with RCA speaker inputs. so, this will take the optical audio out from my tv and convert it to an analog signal my older stereo can use. so, no it will not work with a Roku directly.
What signal are you trying to output? Hdmi source audio input?
Our Samsung "Smart TV" volume control does not affect the the optical SPDIF audio signal. We can only control the volume with the audio amplifier connected to the Panlong.
Hi-- Yes, it converts dolby digital to analog. We've owned this about 1 month and it works great. We use it with our RCA headphones to hear the TV with the volume turned down so our grandchildren can sleep. Our HD TV only outputs dolby digital on an infrared cable and the headphones only work with analog.
Well i have it to convert signals from tv to surround sound the blueray does dolby digital and it works fine its a sweet little device for the money the sound is nice quality.
We have 3/4 size cello. It fits in the stand. Not sure of 1/2 size. It would fit but may have some movement within the stand
It's all mahogany, with velvet cushioned interior. I really like it, not only for easy availability but it's like a beautiful work of art.
There is a place for a bow in a corner of the back. See the other answers for more details.
This is a great product BTW. Yes you can actually see it in the picture. You see in the picture that the front 2 inside corners are slightly different? The bow fits perfectly in the little pocket on the front left corner. Ours is actually on the back right BTW. Very well made and a nice solid stand of furniture quality.
I think it's hardwood. Overall it's not bad but lack of space for bow!
Hello, This compliment contains standard JJ tubes. Included in the compliment is 1 each 5AR4, 1 each matched quad (4 tubes) EL84 and 3 each 12AX7. Thank you
Hello, The EL84 quad is matched. The ECC83s are not balanced. Thank you
SLOVAK REPUBLIC!
JJ/(formerly Tesla) is the Manufacture. They are made in the Slovak Republic.
It comes with what is shown in the picture, 4 el84's are included
Bicast leather (also known as bycast leather or PU leather, sometimes described as split leather) is a material made with a split leather backing covered with a layer of polyurethane that is applied to the surface and then embossed. The resulting product has an artificially consistent texture that is easier to clean and maintain, as is the case with most plastic materials.
yes no problems
It fit our 2013 version of the 10.1 Galaxy Note just fine. Mark
I doubt that this case that I have just fits barely. but I wouldn't recommend this case. it is very hard to type on cause the keys are silicone and the tablet doesn't stay up like it is suppose to.
The keyboard is not removable. The keyboard has a off/on switch. You can flip the device over and rest on the keyboard and use as a traditional tablet with access to stylus and charging port. This cover and keyboard works well, although the keys are not as sensitive as a standard Keyboard.
It's works great on mine.
It does not rotate
yes I think it should work but just to be sure contact the company that owns it and ask them also but I see no reason why I shouldn't connect just like any other Bluetooth device and technically since the Galaxy Tab 2 looks identical to note 10.1 it should work fine
I am sorry that I don't know as it was a gift for someone over a year ago. Good luck and happy new year!
Yes but you will most likely want to use your own. See my previous posts on this item.
No. It plugs only into the computer. It cannot be used on its own. You would plug headphones into the computer.
It does not play harmonies. It's not worth the money. I returned it after trying it out.
Try to use another CD to put in your Mac to see if it can be read normally. If yes,that means your cd may has problem. cd size is standard and capacity is different. Reader only read information of cd itself.Adapter is used to recharging and can not change CD. Go to change in the place where you bought it.
I have a 2-yr old macbook pro, and there doesn't seem to be a noticeable delay. The main issue is when you hit the keys, they don't always play the note, or they might play two notes.
No. nothing fancy. Just plugs into the USB port of your computer. Can't be used otherwise. Am a bit disappointed with the action.
CD-Rom is hardware not software. You can not download from website. If you have no CD-ROM,then go to shop buy one and there is a small disk together with CD-ROM, that is drive program. If you want to doanload program of CD-ROM,plz search in www.google.com and put keywords "CD-rom driving program download free for Mac" you will find somewebsite.For example I just now searched and get such a website http://fileforum.betanews.com/browse/mac
Unfortunately I've realized this specific machine has a short in it which is a manufacturers error. Either the microphone won't work, the screen won't work or the speakers. Send it back.
Yes.
Hello, No, you can use the microphone at any time.
No, don't have to plug in through the t.v., can use the karaoke machine's screen. Have not tried connecting an ipod yet, need an adapter which isn't included. Yes, karoake cd's work in this. They will display the words on the screen. Regular cd's will also work. You can listen and sing along to regular cd's, but they won't display the words.
Haven't used it with the IPOD. Sorry.
The package comes with step by step assembly instruction and hardware. Screwdriver is not included.
Yes it does. This is how it handles MIDI and connections to the computer. It is underneath the piano.
Yes, you can use headphones. However, it won't take standard 3.5mm so you'll need a 6.5mm male to female 3.5mm Audio Adapter.
Yes, they do come in black, and we currently have them in stock. Thanks Nikki.
I set my YDPl42R to play as a baby grand (I used to have one). I love the sound quality and am very pleased with my purchase.
It comes with a bench and without headphones.
Hi Meiqi, This piano will actually have to be assembled. Ships in a box and generally will just need the frame to be screwed together. Hope this helps!
I don't know as it was a gift.
20
We unfortnately do not ship our products outside of the United States at this time.
Fully opened, the ARF-05 is 18"Wx12"Hx10"D.
It depends on a lot from the other ones. It can fold and be used as a desktop unit. Some of the others are pretty small or rigid or might not be as good quality of materials. It can really vary depending on brand and type.
The filter and the mic stand.
The 12" height does not include the legs. About 15" total with legs and taking into consideration the knobs that tighten sides into place at the top. Legs are a single height, not adjustable.
No, it doesn't come with a mic.
Hello my dear Tahir J. Naim, Yes, there are solder points or cut marks for the LED strip. Every 3 leds are a cuttable group. For more pictures of the solder points, kindly check the 3rd picture for listing: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00CP3HZP8 Kindly tell you that the female connector & 4-pin male to male connector is necessory after cutting the LED strip. For more details, you can contact Lelonbest freely at any time. We are always here for help. Best Regards Lemonbest
You need some male/male 4-pin connectors: http://www.amazon.com/20pcs-Connectors-Strip-Lights-Insert/dp/B008LR35VK
it will turn back on to its last setting (I just tired it). So if you had it set on red for example and un plugged it, then plugged it back in it will come on red once its plugged back in
I've had other Chinese manufactured LED strips on my truck in west TX for over 6-8 months now without any issues. This brand would have been mounted on my RV for the same amount of time if it were not for the inferior 3M (not) backing... it fell off within 30 minutes... the adhesive stuck to the RV and peeled off the light strip. As for the substrate... I imagine its about the same as any other Chinese made LED strip.
If you need 54 feet you need to buy 30 it's a 16 1/2 foot long,or if it's 54 inch you just need to cut it down to whatever size you need
You can just have the colored leds on. You can choose what color you want on with the remote.
Yes you can. In fact I had connected two with a pig tail splitter. It's a one end connector that's splits to two.
they just left out the decibelit is 7.2
Three wires rgb indicates red green blue. V indicates ground or negative. Use a dmx512. Use youtube for I structions
The led lights are water proof but you should insulate the a/c power supply by placing it in a water free area.
Yes they are white we have them on pool deck they look great not real brute but sets a nice ambiance lite
The instructions do not list the eight modes. But I would describe the light modes as: off, all stay on solid, all blink on/off slowly, all blink on/off fast, some blink off while others remain on, and other combinations which vary between speed and which lights are on/off.
Dark green
Everything you need is in the box, its a small panel that you can stick in the ground. I attached the panel to the roof cause it gets more sun that way. They light up when it starts to get dark and in early morning they are still on if there was a lot of sun that day. I really enjoy them.
HI I bought 2 sets and have the same problem. There is a button on the back you can push to change the setting, but I think there are a million settings to go through. I seemed to push the correct number of times for one set and it is on without flashing so I know it works, but the other one I never go to work and I heva tried everything. Good luck.
Approx 1 yard. FY I, we've really enjoyed the lights. Have held up well to the elements. Hope this helps.
A power source to run these? Of course not. These run off of Fairy Dust, and luckily they are pre-loaded with a lifetime supply so the lights never turn off. Who needs electricity to run lights?
The included power supply provides 5 amps at 12 volts, each strip uses about 2.6 amps at full brightness, so connecting 3 strips will work, but they will become dimmer at the ends when you make them fully bright. To connect 3 strips to 1 single power supply you must buy one that can provide at least 7.8 amps at 12 volts, or your led strips will not be as bright as they could be. This power supply will power 3 LED strips: http://www.amazon.com/Power-Adapter-Prong-Output-3224-12V/dp/B0057KIHAI/ This adapter will let you connect the controller in the middle instead of at one single end: http://www.amazon.com/Ledwholesalers-Splitter-LED-Changing-Strips/dp/B0077IPRAG/ Hope that helps! :)
You can't run 5 strips in series, the power brick, or dc converter will not supply that many leds with adequate power. The most that might work together would be two of these strips. Voltage drop becomes an issue with any more than that which could create an electrical hazard. Like another person suggested, go to a lighting professional if your looking to light up a very long run.
Yes it did, but the power supply & control module were not remotely waterproof and very cheap, the power & module cords were short and the transformer burned itself out quickly- the only thing good is the led string. I would recommend buying everything separate as I am not even using the transformer (burned out) or the control module (crap). The list I bought was a 12volt power supply (LEDwholesalers Waterproof LED Driver Transformer 60 Watt 12V with 3-prong Plug, 3204) and a LED music controller (LEDwholesalersTM IR Music Controller 60 Watt 3 Ports With Remote for Color Changing LEDs,3322RGB). I also bought 2 strings of indoor LEDS, so all 3 strings work on this combo.
You would need 10 of these strips to do that. The power supply that comes with the kit can only handle one strip. Unless you buy 10 of these, then you need to provide an outlet that can handle all ten connections. I recommend buying the strips by itself and getting a power supply and remote unit to change colors separately. You will need to buy a power supply that can supply 50 amps while maintaining a minimum of 12 volts. This means you need a supply that can handle 600 watts. Search amazon using those three values, 12V 50amps or 600 Watts and you should find a power supply that can handle three of those strips. You can always have multiple power supplies. 5 strips on 12V, 300Watts supply each.
There is a slight color difference and some are wired differently. Always use the same brand if you are connecting more then one together.
No, the only I found how to program them is by googling it or looking up a tutorial on YouTube. All I got was a small price of paper in some other forein language. Hope this helps
It can dim all of its colors
Return the product and find strips in 3 foot sections and a "Y" or multi connector to the lights
There are three main categories, single color, RGB and WRGB light strips. The RGB have red, green, blue LEDs and combine all the colors to make white(ish) light and use 4 wire conductors, connectors and components. The WRGB have red, green, blue LEDs plus white LEDs for pure white light and use 5 wire conductors, connectors and components. The 4 wire components are usually 12 vdc and the 5 wire components are either 12 or 24 vdc. You also have to decide if you want weather proof or not. FYI, the power supplies that come with the kits are NOT weatherproof even if the light strips are.
You can cut the strips at certain contact points( I think it was every 3 LEDs). From there you can either solder on fresh wires or use premade connectors to the contact points,(+) and (-). It's not complicated at all and easily done.
I believe they are rated at 75 watts x 3 units equals 225 watts divided by 12 volts equals 18.75 amps. Therefore a 20A [power supply will work.
See my review about these. Bought 10, the tape fails horribly. Went with a hot glue gun in the end, seems to work.
No, just the LED strip.
They are and they are burning fast
Sounds like a bad strip to me. I use them in automotive but I do cut them into sections. I would contact the seller
The led will be damaged before the acrylic or polycarbonate from heat. They should both withstand the heat just fine.
Power chord: HitLights 24 Watt LED Power Supply Driver Transformer, 110 volt AC to 12 volt DC Output Adapter: Gino CCTV Camera 2.1x5.5mm Female Power Adapter 10 Pcs I'm not sure if one power cord can power all 4 strips so you might want to buy more than one. You'll probably want to get some heatshrink wire wraps to cover the wires that connect mutliple strips.
Yes. I am using a PWM 5-24V dimmer with RF remote. It works great.
I have 2 rolls a blue and a white connected to one 12 volt supply with motion sensor and works great.. couldn't give an honest aster for 6. you might contact the seller they should be able to help you out....
Hi Danaee, It depends on your needs. The model I've bought is a 601F, that I believe is a 2012 Stradivarius copy similar to that ones that were made to the Spanish King around 1730, and meanwhile it is one of my favorities (I also have a Guarnieri and a Amatus german copy that are amazing in sound but they are not from D Z Strad, they are about 150 years old and were made in german by very good luthiers (pratically perfect copies and the wood age gives the instrument a very nice sound). The deciding factor is: if you need a singular violin with a very refined and unique sound, I recommend you to search for a Luthier made instrument with at least 50 year old (they are too much more expensive than new violins), but if you want a like new intrument, as beautiful in sound as the old ones, the D Z Strad will probably satisfy you very well but you must know they do not sound exactly as old instruments do. Yet, if you are not sure about, the best thing to do is to go to a local store and try some sounds on a feel instruments to decide what you like. Another thing, keep in mind that even if the instrument doesn't sound as you want at first glance, you can always ask a luthier help to make small adjustments on the bridge and sound post, and, in specific cases, even changing strings and the tailpiece make a tremendous difference in sound, for example, in this 601F D Z Strad that I bought, I've changed the strings to use a Pirastro Gold Eva Pazzini, I've changed the tailpiece to use one made with Pernambuco wood (very rare and I really liked it) and I've also adjusted the bridge and sound post to sound the way I like, and I can surely tell you, this make all the difference, It really sound as good as my Guarnieri and Amatus copies that are 150 years older than this 2012 Strad Copy. I've bought this 601F because there are no old violins like this, the Stradivarius copies made more than one century ago do not imitate the ones that were made to the spanish king (currently available at the Madrid Royal Palace, they have some decorations not made by strad in it normal instruments). Yet, talking about Guarnieri copies, they try to imitate fantatistic instruments made between 16xx and 17xx and very feel of them made a good job cause Guarnieri and Stradivarius are at the top when talking about violin sound (and Amatus is also included side by side with them). If you want to listen how a real Guarnieri sound is (not a copy) just to compare with other instruments, I recommend you to look in youtybe by Sarah Chang, that plays a Guarnieri Del Gesu 1717 and also look for Paganini Canon II presentations, cause from time to time this Paganini violin is played by the best of the best violinists once a year (or something like this), and this intrument is considered to be an Italian National Treasure, so you can surely use these sounds to compare to the instrument you want to buy and decide if it is what you want.
yes
It's set up in the US. Yes,free bridge set up. Thank you.
Negative, does not come with warranty, but am completely thrilled with the sound quality. Chin rest had been repaired at DZ Strad, but glue separated soon after acquisition. They offered $30 refund, and it was easily fixed by me.
There's four for all the GDAE strings, and two extra that comes with it for your convenience. But note that you should oil it every now and then if you're in a humid environment as its quite vulnerable to rust as I've experienced.
No. Basically, you're experiencing the sucky part of apartment living. This is for sound absorption, not soundproofing. Soundproofing is typically done by installing mineral wool or other soundproofing materials in the walls, floors, and ceilings during construction of a unit. Acoustic foam only absorbs and displaces sound waves emanating in a room (e.g. they make an "echoey" room less "echoey"). Sound Proofing = stopping of sound waves, as in moving from room to room like your noisy neighbor. Sound Absorption = absorbs extra sound waves in a particular space. Trust me, there is nothing you can buy on the internet that will fix your noisy neighbor problem. A better solution would be to ask said neighbor to observe more respectable noise levels appropriate for apartment living.
it dampens the sounds to a muffle but doesn't stop it entirely. I find that most of the sound "leakage" occurs around the gap in the doors. Make sure those are sealed.
It would take down the volume, but heat and humidity in the coop would probably not be very good for them. I would suggest using tar paper, it'll deaden more and won't absorb moisture if laid down correctly. Also, the foam really is really only meant to be set on the wall and stay there, so pieces can fall off if pecked at or scratched, what have you, and then would pose a danger to your chicken.
They are studio quality. That's is their claim and I can't dispute that claim. The foam is thick and it's got ridges which act as deflectors, in my opinion. You will be well on your way with these, and you can always double insulate inside and out for double the effect. When you can hear your heartbeat in a soundroom you know it's working.
Yes, but you'll need more than one set. I have 3 sets of 12 pieces (36 pieces) in my 3 x 3 m mixing room and it works greatly! But cannot do with less than that. I suggest to buy two sets, place them and check it out, you need more? Buy more. Its a nice and affordable quality product by using the appropiate amount of it. Good luck!
There is a tape you can buy for it. Yet I put mine up with loctite spray.
If this is a system with internal fans throughout the piping the foam may reduce a small amount of noise probably not worth it for your application. We had an enclosure in a studio that had a venting system and we lined the inside of the enclosure with the foam as well and you could barely hear the cooking fans, computers, and other rack gear that may have created a low end hum. I don't know if that answers your question or not hope it helps.
They would look ugly and probably scare the youngster. Home Depot has Owens Corning acoustic panels that can be easily installed on the ceiling and walls to quiet the sound transfer. I used 3M all purpose spray adhesive on the tiles. I expect it would as well on large flat sound panels. Panels and adhesive have a bad odor for a day or so. Adhesive is removed with mineral spirits or paint thinner later. Good Luck. Luck.
I'm not sure how precise an answer you need, but I can say for sure - not much. Also, I don't know if you mean just the tiles or the tiles and all the packaging combined, but again, the weight is minimal. Except for the bulk, your 7-year old could heft it with ease.
Yea definitely that's the foam require for studio
These are good for studio porpuses. Its fine when me and my friends record
I used a permanent spray-on adhesive, not a temporary one. It still comes a little loose in places at times, and I have to respray, but overall works quite well.
Torry text me at 9196983518, i will triy to answer any question you have
Have only moved it once and it was not a problem.
yhea but you have to make 2 orders 1 just does not cut it, it has to cover the whole wall.
the panels work on close reflections like a booth but are not as good as Aurlex for solving serious reflection problems
Yes .....we are using the product for a vocal booth in a Project Studio with great results to reduce unwanted reflections....
Yes Jeremy, they work great for killing echoes. I have them in my music studio for the same effect. I was get nasty echoes in my recordings. These fixed that right up! Good luck.
Very light weight. Probably less than 1/4 lb
Nope. It won't be enough for 20x20. And it's not really soundproofing. It works more for recording music than preventing noise into another room
Let me save you the time. This is purely cosmetic. These panels are no where thick enough to absorb any real frequencies. Only the very high ones. If you are tryn to treat brick you need to go with something serious like the rockwool made panels. But to answer your question yes you can stick them to brick or really anything with the 3m tape tabs. And as far as spreading them you can do it again for looks. It's not going to make a noticeable difference unless you covered the entire space and even then it would just sound dead and boring because you would block all the highs and leave the mids n lows to roam freely.
I've seen tutorials and that works fine, I used double sided tape though
I don't have the box anymore to give you exact dimensions. They stack the pads on top of each other then compress them in an air tight wrap. This allows them to use a box that would be light weight and I'd say no bigger than 2'x2'.
They will help, but will not stop sound. They mainly reduce reflections on bare walls.
Hi Chad. Yes. I'd put them on opposing walls and on as many surfaces as I can. The idea behind this foam isn't sound attenuation its sound treatment. You want to reduce or eliminate as much sound wave bounce or natural echo as you can. I hope that was helpful. Good luck on your build.
If u have a super strong adhesive yes. It can be applied anywhere
I don't belive so. We used them to make a confrence room have less echo. They worked for that, but are just foam.
I no longer have this product but if I recall Its undulated between 1 & 1.5 inches.
i used mounting tape
I don't think this would work it's not very sound absorbing
You have to order adhesive squares separately. They work really well.
Yes it deadens sound. I would use velcro
Not sure what kind of adhesive you are using - mine didn't come with any and yes the foam can be cut - I have done that with mine.
I purchased these tile for our choir room at church. They definitely are helping with our acustics. There are only 12 tiles in each package which cover only 12 sq. ft. though. They are FOAM so they are up high on the wall to help the temptation to people "picking" at them. Used extra strong double sided tape which are holding them up very well so far.
No it doesnt.
Yes
Yes it supported very well.
No idea. It's designed for the note 10.1 2014 edition
4100*K
This particular version does not it is the waterproof version and has a plastic casing around it The non waterproof does though
5A and 12V power supply will be ok. It's about 60W. 600 LED's strip consums 200*0.18Amp=3.6Amp.
Calculating amps would be difficult, that said, my entire strip pulled under 2A if I recall correctly and a shorter section that I cut pulled proportionally more current since the resistance of the copper wiring was less over all. I would recommend supplying the entire strip with a 3A power supply and each smaller section (say around 1 meter) with a 1A wall wart power supply just to give a healthy margin of error and maximum possible brightness.
they make led connectors. You can by then on Amazon. This particular roll is an indoor led strip with a casing over the top. Technically they're not really waterproof. If you using them inside I would take the casing off and look for the areas that you can clip with scissors.but yes they make a clip that slides over that you can add wire too
I used this product to connect them. http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0062RBR84/ref=pe_851170_121829890_em_1p_0_ti It worked well.
The two we received did not have adhesive on them. My hubby used long staples or wire brads for one application, and plans to use double sided sticky tape for another. Just be careful to place the staples or wire OVER the strip and not pierce the strip. There is a gap every three led lights to place the wire brads.
I don't know the k value of the light, but is a white light.
I'm not even sure what this question is.
You will need to buy the power supply separately. Be sure you purchase one of correct voltage and amperage.
Yes
I use it with logic x with close to 0 problems. As long as your computer recognizes it as a audio interface, which it should, then you can use it in close to any if not all DAWs
yes. i dont know if its with win8 tho
Not sure, software that came with mine was for Win 7, but I have 8. I downloaded it and installed it right off! It worked seamlessly without any special downloads, it should work even better without all the crap that's in 8! I love 7 so much more than, for how good focusrite is I'd get anyway, I seriously LOVE this unit!
just the cannon cable.
Yes it is.
Shannon - In the dark
Yes it can
Yes really well. I have Cubase 6 and it works awesome!
Speaking for Windows, yes, you can assign the audio ins/outs of the Scarlett as your 'communication device' in Control Panel, and it works just fine with Google Hangouts / Skype / GotoMeeting. The video aspect is irrelevant since there are no video features on the Scarlett. Your existing webcam would continue to work as it did before, with or without the Scarlett enabled as your communication device.
Oo. You can add images to this system.
it has 4 slots in it.
It has both, there seem to be an equal number of English and Tagalog songs, this version actually has more modern English pop songs than the other versions that are all English chips. I think you can see a master list on the Entertech website.
yes it has a song book, but we use the build in search. Which is much better, especially for the new Songs form netkara.
It does have new songs. Not a lot, but enough to keep you and your guests singing all night long. As far as the price on the song chips, they usually costs anywhere between $50 to $60. Each chip usually has a few hundred songs. I hope this info helps you decide on your purchase. I highly recommended this item. I had the previous model but returned it and bought this instead. The HDMI hook up and the option to download your own songs via USB is what sold me on this model.
Hello, if your sony has a HDMI plugin, yes. But it is possible that the sound is not working, because my receveiver dont eat the audio codec. or if your sony has a video cinch and audio cinch plugin also yes.
Yes it is!
It is amazing.I used to use it teaching or calling students in a noicy enviromment.people stopped talking and listened clear my message.
Yes, you can connect an external microphone to the QFX. It comes with a headset microphone, I feel you knew that one. I have mine for over two years now and it is holding up well.
Approximately 2 x 4 x 5 inches. It very nicely tucks in to an average person's tummy.
Sorry, my cousin received it as a gift and has not tried adding music yet.
I think it takes about 3 hours to charge fully... or at least that's what I always do. I use the speaker part sometimes to hook up my mp3 player, and when I do that I have it plugged in. It is not the best quality for this though.
It is about 9cm x 10cm x 2.5cm and weighs about... 1 lbs.
No, the headset is not adjustable. You may be able to use some type of hair clip to hold it in place (not barrettes).
I did not notice any problem with this. It is a nice little unit.
I use this for low volume applications only. I do not find it suitable for street performance. It distorts at higher volumes, and has virtually no bass. Street performance around Chicago requires at least 30 watts, solid state, and battery powered equipment. A 10" speaker must be considered the minimum even for small crowds or passing foot traffic on most corners.
The bridge holes are pre-drilled, but the trem and neck holes are not. And that is a good thing - take the time and you'll get things straight.
Mine didn't include any.
With the posts set in the bridge, but facing forward, the string bead gets placed on the post, strung underneath, and then around the bottom. Then, you'll string the strings underneath the front portion and onward up the neck.
I didnt check the dimensions on the neck it routing was not standard , a cts pot would not fit in thr route trough., the guitar was beautiful but the bigsby copy made it look really cheap
Two pieces. Body plus neck, then all hardware comes in a separate bag.
Currently we do not have a left handed version for this model. It will be available in summer 2014. Please check back with us at a later time.
The pegholes are standard, and I think that locking tuners is a very good idea.
The truss rod is built into the neck
Thank you for your interest in our guitar kit listing. This is an electric guitar with a semi body design. Unlike an acoustic guitar it will need to plug to an amplifier. Let us know if you have any other question. Thank you. Happy holidays.
Please provide your email or mailing address so that we can send you an instruction manual and wire diagram.
There are no manual included from the manufacture. Below are a couple instruction video links: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N3E5CHze2lY http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HoWWQvDsfsU http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FCgrnqACavk http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H3Df3PsZM8s http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B6bUJOnwcjE http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JmloaqXtJlA Please provide email address so that we can send you the wiring diagram picture.
Neck Length: 28 1/4 in. Fret Board Length: 21 5/8 in. Total Length: 42 1/2 in. Length of Body: 17 1/4 in. Width (Widest) 10 1/4 in. Width (Narrowest) 5 7/8 in.
Nope! The target audience was clearly someone who knew what they were doing. Missed the boat on that one! I managed to put it all together... Kind of... But something about the wiring was still off (maybe I should have used less superglue hahaha! (Yes, that was a joke, I'm not stupid enough to use super glue, Duct tape is where it's at.) Regardless of my implied incompetence, I wired it to the best of my ability, and when it still didn't work I took it to my local guitar center, and it cost about $12. That being said, anyone who would like to see how it's done properly, feel free to email me at: jbgmn9@gmail.com I'd be happy to take my bass apart and send a few photos for anyone who needs it.
It's a good guitar (for the price) if it is set up correctly. Since everything is raw wood, finishing could be a challenge if you do it yourself. The hardware is bottom of the line but functional. The holes are not pre drilled for the neck and it's very important that they be drilled correctly. Depending on what model you get, the headstock is not pre formed...it's basically a block of wood with holes pre drilled for the tuning pegs. You'll have to use a lathe or router to form it or take it to a wood worker. The upside to that is you can personalize it any way you want. For the money it's a functioning guitar that is fun to build and plays well if it's set up properly.
It's a random off brand 'Floyd rose liscenced'. The route is such that a FR Special will fit easily enough, don't know if you wanna go better than that. Go with an R3 nut, probably, and be ready to shim.
The holes are drilled on the body but not the neck portion.
You could do.all of that except you would have to route out a battery cavity or u could try to put the battery under the pickguard but other than that everything else should fit
The neck will require to be set in place. Assemble will be required.
yes, they are drilled and the body is drilled for the neck screws but the neck itself is not drilled.
i searched youtube and have seen numerous vids of how it looks/sounds.. its unbelievable actually, the pups are stock but sound pretty decent for the price, im thinking of ordering this to replicate the JEM7V ibanez
Yes!
Yes everything pictured is included. And the vine inlay is actually quite nice! Hardware is a bit lacking but does the trick. Hope that helps.
Yes it includes everything needed. Just have to sauder the pickguard and ground wire to the tremlo.
They did not have them last I asked. They would have been handy :(
i built a b004 about a year ago. my first and i dont play, just like woodwork and projects. the kit had no instructions and i could not find any. assume you have all the parts of the kit. then get started. look everything over. get an idea in your head about what this guitar will look like. fit the neck and body together. they may have matching numbers. make sure the neck and body fit perfectly before gluing up. stain or paint the parts before assembly. do not get stain or paint in the joint area of the neck and body. tape it off. tape off the fret board and end nut. now sand and paint. youll be ok. takes a little time.
Yes it is.
No. There are mounting screws provided in the kit. Let us know if you have any other question.
Yes there is a truss rod installed.
Bolt on
Yes there is no sealer on the wood
It comes with everything in the photo's even strings.
Yes it has everything but paint and clear-coat it is a nice neck and body and worth the price.
I haven't assembled this kit yet, but it is a bolt on neck and not a set neck. I can tell you that the neck that came in the kit is a decent neck though
Abalone and pearloid on the dragon inlay
The light levels are adjustable by default on the velocity level of the particular pad. Therefore, if I hit a bright then dark green pad in sequence the first pad would be more touch sensitive and loud. There are also several third party plugins I'm aware of that manipulate the lighting in an incredible way. Overall, everything is designed to ensure that you can control and visually see the details of each pad without looking at your computer.
Depends on your background and expectation of a DAW Intro can do a lot. You can load multisamples into simpler. So if you get a crazy synth pack from Puremagnetik you can load it in Intro and rock w/ it. If you have ever worked on a 4, 8, 16 track recorder, it can last you. It all depends on what you want to do w/ Live. If you want Sampler or more scenes then you can upgrade for less then full price. Here is a features list: https://www.ableton.com/en/live/feature-comparison/
Yes. It is USB powered but you can plug in the included ac adapter and it will allow you to have a brighter display and the pads will light up brighter also.
No. It is just a controller for Ableton Live.
Yes, and should you choose to do live performance aspects later this is a good choice. All in all, if you use Ableton Live 9, Push is the right choice.
it does not. if you don't use Live, buy a different controller. If you DO use Live, this is the one to own. Very hackable too btw. I love this thing and would absolutely recommend.
Taken from their site: "Owners of previous versions of Live need to upgrade to Live 9 in order to use Push. Introductory bundle offers will be available and customers should log in to ableton.com in order to see their pricing." So no, it will not.
No, it does not. It comes with a pass code to download a intro version of Live, but not the complete program, which you have to buy apart.
Hey, it comes with a code that you can put into your account on the website which allows you to download Abelton intro. It's like the trial version but you arnt limited to 30 days
Yes
He may have been talking about third-party plug-ins. You can use "unlimited" Ableton audio and MIDI effects, however many of the Ableton effects are not available in the lite version (obviously, because they want you to buy the 500 version) However, my advice is to get the cheap version, use it alot, and get really good at it. That's more important than all the bells and whistles. For example, a guy that can play just plain piano really good, is better than a guy with a synth with 1000 voices that can't play. For the record, here's the official comparison of Live 9 versions: https://www.ableton.com/en/live/feature-comparison/
If i remember correctly, everything you need is in the box. The registration code was in there somewhere and you go to the Ableton website to activate it. I think the only downloading was for updates, which didn't take very long.
Yes I have mine installed on MacBook Pro. :)
You can, but that's not it's intended purpose. Something like Finale is more for what you are describing (traditional piano/grand staff).
Intro has the same input capability.
Yes
HP and Toshiba are the value leaders. They have some excellent models around $500
Not sure what you're asking. Your license will allow you to run it on more than one computer (at least two, check online with Ableton for more specifics). If you're downloading a full copy, then just install it over your network or burn a copy and hand carry it (sneakernet) to the second machine. If it's just an install stub (that takes you to the website for installation), then you shouldn't have a problem, as you don't have to register the installation until you actually run the program for the first time.
Ableton is one of the cheapest daw's you can buy while still getting good quality. The intro pack is a great place to start
It uses a wall wart, I guess cuz the box is too small for all the electronics and a battery. Adapter is not included.
Yes, but it takes a quick double step to do that.
In order for the Ditto to record the signal from your effects it must go after the effects signal.
Hold it down to clear the previous layer and double tap hold to clear all layers. Hope this helped :)
This answer is a bit redundant. The most important element is a high quality pickup. I suggest consulting with the folks at Fishman. Other than that, two cables and a high quality acoustic amp. Again, Fishman produces very high quality, neutrally colored amps. You may want to consider some type of delay, reverb or acoustic processor, all dependent on your ultimate sound desires. Again, call Fishman, they know acoustic sound. The direct number is 978 988 9199.
No place for a battery, you need an electrical adapter - if you have other pedals, just borrow the adapter from one of those. I hear Radio Shack sells them pretty cheap as well?
It would seem infinite, tho' after a while you'd have some audio degradation. I've never layered more than three or four tracks.
no not that I know of...straight loops.
Just the looper and an amp. Works great.
If you recorded some loops previously, it is supoused to keep sounding while you tap once again to record over it... Get in touch with TC electronic customer service
You are right, the shaft/handle is thin. My 'regular' mic flag will slowly slide down the handle. I switched to the Rycote mic flag and it's working fine for me. It doesn't slide down the mic handle: http://www.bhphotovideo.com/c/product/857668-REG/Rycote_107308_Rycote_Triangle_Mic_Flag.html
Aside from I have no idea why you'd use this mic with a go pro, but in theory you could, yes. I don't know what the gain settings are on the Go Pro, but Go Pro does make a 3.5 to USB adapter, and you can find a XLR to 3.5 adapter and link them together. But it's going to get very bulky and prone to failure.
There are several ways to use this with a t3i. The easiest (and worst) way is to get an XLR cable that terminated on the other end to 1/8 inch jack. Your better bet would be using a pocket audio recorder like the Zoom H4n. The audio will be very clean, you just need to sync the audio and video in post using either Final Cut Pro's built in audio sync or using Pluraleyes software (I prefer pluraleyes). The other option is to get an XLR preamp adapter like a JuicedLink or Beechtek. Like the first option, you are held back by the substandard audio recorded within the camera itself. These cameras take awesome pictures, but their audio is not that great. Do yourself a favor and get an H4n or Tascam dr60d. Your production quality will skyrocket, and you'll be able to use professional microphones like the Rode Reporter, Rode Lavaliere, and Rode NTG 2 or NTG3. Don't get the camera-top microphones. Save that for a camera-top LED light.
I cannot specifically talk about the iPhone 5 but you will need an XLR to headphone adapter cable or something like the iRig Pre. The iRig can provide phantom power as well, in case you ever want to use a condenser mic. Make sure you check your levels and test this before every recording as you may not be able to live monitor the recording using a headphone (cannot in the Android world). Also, not sure about Voice Recorder HD; I had to find a recorder that I could select the external microphone jack as an input.
There is no desktop stand, all thats included is the mic, pouch and flag, unless you are looking at something other than tis item and it has other things bundled with it.
I couldn't find any info on the Canon site that says it has any microphone inputs. Unless you have the camera in front of you, see if there are any external inputs.
when Amazon is out of stock for this Mic, they send : takes Amazon 1 to 2 months to ship this, We have it in stock and we can ship immediately
Sure. The connector on the mic is an XLR connector which can be adapted to a mini jack, or a 1/4 jack, or another XLR connection. Just depends what you're connecting it to.
Yes, it comes with a hot shoe mount and a wind screen
I own the gopro hero 3 but have never had occasion to use a mic with it. The one that comes with it is pretty clear to me. I do own the sennheiser your talking about and it is a phantom power mic when I'm using it. Therefore, to me it wouldn't work because the gopro really should use a dynamic mic it its to work without the preamp.
No I use these rubber rings from lowes I bought on my c100 mic combo.
Mine has no discernible self noise that I can perceive on recordings with the mic and a Fostex FR2LE.
http://www.bhphotovideo.com/c/product/674344-REG/Beachtek_DXA_SLR_DXA_SLR_Active_Audio_Adapter.html
Both the Sennheiser and the Rode are mono shotgun mics, plugin them into a DSLR via a 3.5mm mini plug will give you dual mono .. but not stereo.
Yes it comes with a USB cable to connect to your computer.
It is NOT a midi device. It is a midi Channel. As such all it does is connect your PC to a midi device using the correct protocols. That's all it can do. See instructional stuff all over the web for understanding.
Hi. I have no issue using Amarra with the UR22. As the UR22 functions as sound output device, in theory, it should work with Dirac, but I cannot say for certain.
Absolutely. I haven't had any problems with mine. And have been using it with Cubase 7.
You will need to have something physically plugged into both jacks to get sound through both channels.
Yes it does on both inputs. And "hi-z" for guitars on input two.
there are two XLR-1/4" combo inputs infront and 2 L/R 1/4" outputs at the back
You don't need Cubase, any DAW software should work. I use Reaper myself. Do you have phantom power (+48v) on? With the Mix knob in the middle, can you hear the signal through the headphones? If so, it may just be your software setup. You will have to choose the Seinberg as the device for audio in, audio out, and midi (if you're using midi) in your Windows or OSX sound setup. Then you will need to pick the Steinberg as your input/output device in whatever recording software you are using.
All USB formats are currently backwards compatible, meaning that any device with USB 1.0 or 2.0 hardware will work just fine with a USB 3 port on your computer, provided that there are up to date drivers available for your equipment. I have the UR22 plugged into a USB 3 port on my PC and it works fine. You might want to check Steinberg's website to confirm compatibility with your version of MAC OS.
Yes, Cubase is able to edit MIDI tracks, and, if a sound is applied to the MIDI data, it can be recorded to an audio track. Please let us know if you have any questions.
It fits the device itself perfectly. You will still need another bag for the A/C power chord and the lighter device.
The new model case the bass is not covered. It has a square metal cover in the center of the back, 2 inch by 3 inch. I hade an earlier model that was covered and the bass was not good. Make sure you get the newest model. This case is far superior than the earlier model. Hope that helps. Any other questions feel free to contact me, Phil Williams, Sarasota, FL
I received black.
This seller does not provide the pouch for the AC adaptor. This is why you might notice that it's a bit cheaper than other seller's. You would have to purchase the pouch separately.
Sorry I am not sure if I have the old or the new. No matter. I only use the case to transport the speaker safely and I learned the hard way that even in my suitcase the unit can be bent in strange places. . I always remove the case when I am at my destination and set it up with its back to a wall for good sound. I realize you want the best sound with the case so why not try to return for the open back model. Obviously with the open back you will get improved sound. I will never understand why Bose did not make a transport case for this very expensive unit. I also suggest you buy an extra plug/charger and leave it in your suitcase. I forgot mine on my last trip and it was useless after a day. Few places in the Caribbean carry this speaker.
No it doesn't. You can buy one separately that clips to the case.
You can also use the Auxilary port in the located in rear of the speaker or buy bluetooth adapter for your computer..
I have the black one. Fits really nice. But not original Bose product.
It will work with SoundLink I - if you have upgraded to the bi-fold cover offered by Bose. This is right from mfg.'s website.
No, it just connects with a guitar cable to your foot pedal.
Do you have a G1XN? As far as I know it's not compatible with any of the G1 models, but it is with the G3. I'm not a huge fan of it myself, but that's because I like wah/exp pedals with a bit of give out of the gate.
Yes!!!
Volume or expression pedal for multi-effects zoom only...
No. I wish. The MS50G only has a guitar input and stereo output jacks; no jack for an expression pedal. It does work great with a G-5 and should work with a G-3, too.
I don't know. I have a Zoom G5
Haven't tried it with other products but I'm sure it works. I recommend you look at some other expression pedals before you buy this one though because it didn't blow me away.
yes, works quite well
I am very happy with the level of bass these headphones provide. It could be that for what you want it may not be enough, however. Based on all the headphones I have tried, these were the best ones within their price range.
Cable length is 9.8 feet, about 3 meters. It is thick, but flexible and durable.
The only difference is that one is white and one is black. If you are talking about the Tascam MX2 which is black, the difference is that the MX2s have a oval shaped earpad, and the earcups are a bit deeper. Many say that the MX2s are a better fit.
No
I never use them in a club, I used them @ the church I attend in the sound room and there work great
This are over-the-ear ear cup headphones that cover the entire ear.
THe background noise is muffled but not completely drowned out. Hope this helps you :)
Yes it does. It has an 1/8" cord end with a 1/4" adapter. The default end is just like a normal pair of headphones.
I bought them for a 9 year old, they where to big for her. They where comfortable.
Frequency response seems to be fairly flat. I use an equalizer to adjust (boost or cut) the spectrum as needed.
12cm x 17cm
Yes the headband is adjustable.
The bass is not real boomy, but the sound is crisp and clean all around. I use them for recording and mixing. They are excellent in clarity.
Cable Length: About 9.8ft (3m) when fully extended.
Not at first there kinda tight but after wearing them a bit everyday no longer tight I use them to monitor guitars thru a iOS device sounds amazing !
I placed mine on the floor with the flexible legs it came with. However, I plan to mount them on my studio's wall with the brackets it came with. I hope this helps!
Depending on how big the gym is I would probably say around 4, I would do it so that you could face one to each wall.
we hung it in a corner right at the ceiling and pointed it to the floor in their toy room and it covered the walls and floor (standard size bedroom). it spins and reflects colors so it's moving but it's not like a "light show", as it only has only pattern with several different colors all at once. the cord is short so we had to use an extension cord and the hinge where you hang it from is a light weight plastic so it's a bit delicate. My Boys absolutely love it and it was worth the purchase for us, I just need to find a sturdier way to hang it up.
It is only.for.115 volts
mine has blue, green and red lights, it only has one pattern
You simply plug in and it turns on. The lights inside the clear half dome begin to rotate but nothing on exterior rotate.
Rotates
No, should have worked plugged into a regular socket. May need a replacement?
The lights spins around. You have to aim the lights where you want them. The farther away from the surface it is, the wider the pattern. Mine were hung 10ft above the floor, and I angled it so it hit the wall and the floor. I had 2 in the space. It was about 14 x 20? But I wanted a tight pattern. Hope this helps
iut came with both
There are 2 inputs. True there is only one 1/4 inch input but there is an XLR input for a mic.
It should since the Acoustasonic should have an input impedance and sensitivity that matches your K&K. But the overall volume and tonal quality of the sound you'll get depends on lots of things, one of which is the type of K&K pickup you have. Not knowing much about K&K pickups, I can't comment on that. I dragged my Fender octave mandolin (which has a built in passive (no battery) pickup of unknown make) down to my local music store one afternoon and tried out a number of acoustic amps including the 15. Volume was never an issue with any of the amps, it was the "tone" that varied significantly. If possible, try one out to see, that is the only true way to tell if you're going to be happy with how it sounds. If for some reason the volume is too low, you can always buy (if you can afford to) a little pre-amp to boost the signal of the K&K before it hits the Fender 15. Most pickup makers offer pre-amps for that exact reason. Hope that helps.
No it does not. You will need to use transformed 220V to 120V.
Some differences. acoustic amps are generally only clean sounding, no distortion, but some limited chorus effects. standard guitar amps have stronger reverb and many have extended virtual amp effects such as distortion amps, acoustic amps and heavy metal amp sounds including chorus, reverb, echo, delay, etc.
I'm very satisfied with its loudness. At least to play in small environments. It is also convenient for transportation - light and small.
As I have not tried both, I cannot say exactly. This being said, the Hobbit ocarina is ceramic, and most are clay or ceramic. STL Ocarina makes amazing ocarinas of many kinds. I just have the hobbit, but from what I've seen, they are all great, and I would bet on those.
About 6"
It's made out of Ceramic not plastic.
Tenor
Ours came with a music book with about 7 songs from Lord of the Rings.
Mine didn't even work and they wouldn't replace it.
Yes, a gig bag is included.
Yes...and no. Yes, it's tuned in "fourths" like a guitar, so you play the 5th fret on the lowest string to tune the next higher string just like a guitar. But, you can't really tune it to E, there's not enough string tension. So the top and bottom strings are tuned to A. So it's like playing a regular guitar with a capo at the fifth fret.
Depends on what type of strings you want. Google Guilele strings http://www.stringsandbeyond.com/aqgust.html#
No
It's about 9 inches wide and 30 inches long.
You don't need to capo the guitele; it's tuned to the same key, the only difference is that you have two lower pitched strings to add some deeper tones to the mix. The normal (non-baritone) 4 string uke is gCEA, while the guitele is ADGCEA. The 4 higher pitched strings are the same on each (though the uke could be reentrant or not; ie. higher g or lower G), so that if both play a C chord, the notes will all be the same, just that the guitele has those two lower notes to add to the chord. Note the the guitele is like a guitar capoed at the 5th fret, and the standard uke tuning is the 4 higher guitar strings capoed at the 5th fret. Hope this helps.
Hi M. Stewart, I own a G9126 and even that it is a small beautiful guitar the neck is almost as wide as a regular size guitar. I think the space between frets and strings will be to big for a small hands kid. The Cordoba guilele and Yamaha gitalele will be more suitable for your kid (because of the thinner neck they have), they are both cheaper on price and quality but not that much on sound. The Yamaha comes in different colors.....you can also check smallguitars.com
My guess is yes, you could covert this to a lefty with a few adjustments. You could easily spin the bridge saddle but you would need to have the nut grooves tweaked to accommodate the reversed string width. My Gretsch came with knotted end nylon strings. Not ball end. The opening slots on the bridge don't look wide enough to allow for ball end strings. Hope that helps!
Not this particular system alone, it depends on the amplifier you connect them too. Once you connect them to your amplifier, you can then control the volume of each microphone. These microphones will not work without an amplifier. But that's typical, your mics will have to be connected to a amplifier. And then yes you can control the volume of each mic. Hope this helps.
The batteries are AA. The volume will vary depending on your amp and it's setting and the power rating and the speakers being used, then you will need to concider singing or speaking. A lot to factor in.
The base unit plugs into the electrical outlet. It does not require batteries. The two hand-held microphones require batteries but they are included.
You will a couple 9 volt batteries and an amp. You can buy a relatively inexpensive guitar amp on Amazon that will fine. Guitar amps produce a nice full frequency range for vocals. You will hear both microphones through the amp.
no this equipment is for d.j. equipment or for karaoke
No. If you plug into 220V, it will not work.
It has 1 but it work good
9volt batteries. One for each mic. When the battery starts dying, you start getting static sound. We used them continuously for about 6 hours and then noticed the static sound. Changed batteries and worked fine again.
Hi, I think it carry 1/4" jacks.
No you need a mixer or a receiver with the mic input
Hi Anne, You do need a amp., I use a little Peavey Solo and it works just fine. Hope this helps, Mike
I brought two and they did not work for more than 1/2 he and I changed the batteries and still did not work
Lol batteries...
yes it can, i use it on the church system all the time.
I wouldnt recommend this product. The feedback was terrible. Im sure you could if there is an audio in port but again, i didn't have the greatest experience with this product.
if acoustic, most likely, works very well for voice
I used it with my sound system and it works wonderful,plus I video chat on facebook too great wireless microphone.
I not really sure about what you are asking... What do you need the iPad with this kind of wireless mic?
Thee microphone headset works excellent its the aux cord that got a shortage in it the same day i received it
You should be able to. I use it with a Canon Vixia HF R500. As long as it has an external microphone jack. You may or may not need an adapter, I am not familiar with your model....but it should work.
There are 3 units(2 microphone and 1 machine). Microphones will run only through 9V Batteries.For other one(Machine),you need to plug it into a regular wall socket.This is for power. There is a audit jack coming out from the machine which is the audio output and that you need to plug to any audio system. Hope this will help!!!!
It depends on what plug your amplifier but it should fit yours
There's no way of hooking up anything to this. It has no inputs. Just the two wireless microphones and a single, quarter inch output.
Yes I have it connected into a PC at work and we use it for meetings. Works fine with the PC speakers.
Yes you can! I did have to send it back from one mic did break.
You will need an amplifier with speakers to play the sound from the microphones through.
If your tv has an aux in or audio in it could. You could also look for a Mic in jack. These inputs will depend on your brand and model but most do have an audio in. You will need interface cables and they are available from Amazon or Radio Shack.
There is no AC to DC adapter on this unit. It plugs directly into a 110VAC receptacle.
I sent it back because neither mic worked. I sent the replacement back, because one of the mics didn't work. I don't know what a GoPro Hero is. I did buy a AKG WMS40 Wireless Mini Single Vocal Microphone Set, Band 45a. That has worked out pretty well so far.
Mine plugs in to my speaker box. You need a speaker with the aux input.
If using headphones with a headset mic attached, make sure they are plugged in BEFORE the iXY otherwise they will be automatically selected by your device as the input.
Does not rotate and is fixed in position by the 30 way connector on iPhone, iPad or iPod Touch. But you can rotate the Apple device that you are using for the recording so that mic channels are vertical or horizontal etc. Rode were supposed to be bringing out a hot-shoe clamp to hold iXY mic attached to iPhone or iPod Touch. You can also take analog output from the iPhone jack socket and record direct onto the camera.
Please do not buy this product. It doesn't work properly at all! I returned it! Seriously save your nerves and don't buy it. For the same price you can buy a decent recorder instead
As these are condenser mics powered by the Iphone connector [30 pin or lightning depending on your devise] I don't believe you can use them with any other device w/o some serious interface converter between them. You could, however, use your iphone/pad as that interface with a proper 1/8" to 1/4" connecting cable, between your head phone out and other device input.
No, but get "Rode Rec". You can record up to 96k with that.
It will work, but you will most likely run out of space especially since you are trying to record your lectures - which tend to be long. However if you offload it onto your itunes daily, you should be able to manage.
No, the Rode app only caters for L&R from either the Rode iXY or the iOS device internal mic. But you can export .wav or .mp3 recordings to Audacity and manipulate them there.
Frequency response implies a lower and upper frequency and signal amplitude variation measured in decibels. For the RODE iXY that is 20Hz to 20KHz +/- 3dB in other words pretty flat. 48KHz is the maximum frequency that can be digitised by a 96KHz sampling frequency (the Nyquist criterion). You can access further details on the microphone by Googling RODE iXY Specs.
This model will not work on the iPad Air or the 5 series phone. The reason being it needs the 30 pin connector to plug into. I use mine on the iPhone 4S and it is a fantastic mic. You can get true professional field recordings with it. The good news for you iPhone 5S and iPad Air owners is that Rhodes does make a model for you now. It's slowly been hitting some pro audio sales sites or just go to Rhodes website.
I haven't recorded any longer than about 3.5 hours at a time, but that length was no problem for the battery. You'll want to put your phone in airplane mode though and turn off wifi, blue tooth, etc. so that iXY gets full resources and optimum battery usage. It sucks when the recording stops because the system was interrupted by something, and there's no indication from the app, it just cuts off in that case as if you had hit stop.
I looked at the mixer and it looks like the usb is only for plugging in mp3 players. You need a audio interface to connect to a laptop I use Roland UA-1G whith my laptop. Sorry for my first response I always just assumed that was what it was for.
Hi, The USB port is only for a USB thumb drive to use in the mixer as an MP3 player. Thanks for asking.
Yes
Yes
Any headphones will work as long as you use a 1/4th inch adapter.
Hi, This is a 4 Channel Mixer. Channels 1 & 2 have their own discrete microphone input and 1/4" input. Channels 3 & 4 are combined with a left and right 1/4" input. This channel also controls the RCA input as well. Let me know if you have any questions. Thanks, Rusty
Hi, The power supply is not dual voltage. It will only work on 110V. Thanks for asking.
Hello, yes the Slider 4 mixer operates on a 110v circuit. Please let us know if you have any further questions.
its about 13inches,,,but is adjustable to make it longer also.
Hi my son uses it on his regular drum set, not sure abt electric. He likes it very much
Thank you for the question. I can ship, if the address of Australia is known. I will inform you the shipping date once I confirm your payment. Please purchase by Amazon.com.
No sir, it does not.
It's ambidextrous. Great pedal
Yes! the left beater angle adjustment is done the same as the right: with a key-head set-screw onthe left-side of the master pedal frame.
Yes, if I remember correctly it did.
Each output is not individually isolated, so you'll most likely get noise in your signal chain somewhere, especially if you're plugging power hungry digital pedals into the chain. If I plug my Walrus Audio Descent between a delay and pitch shifter (all connected to the brick), I get very obvious digital clicks from the Descent. I'd recommend a Voodoo Labs Pedal Power 4X4 if you want noise isolation.
Depends which version you're talking about -- V1, V2 or V3. Check what the power requirements are for your H2O; if it uses 9V or 18V power, it will be compatible.
No, this unit does not have isolated outlets. If you are looking for isolated outlets, go for something like the Voodoo Lab 4X4.
Been using mine for a year now with no probs I recommend it
4"x 2 1/2" x 1"
They sure are!! IT comes with the power adapter and I think 10 of the barrel to barrel connectors to plug all of your pedals up. So far, this is well worth the $$$. Good Luck!!
110v only Thanks!
If it's the hollow bodied guitar probably not. Newer lower end starcasters that are basically shaped like a stratocaster should. Older Starcasters were hollow bodied guitars, they recently reissued versions of the older hollow body models. I doubt that guitar will fit this case.
Not at first but after a little force it should
The key is in the box. You open it by pushing the key slot to the side
Mine came in a box, but was damaged slightly. If I bought another one I would pay the extra few dollars to make sure I got the original factory packaging. It is a very nice case, and fits my '73 jazz bass perfectly.
To be honest I don't know but the area for the body of the guitar is pretty big. I would give you a thumbs up and tell you to go for it. With that being said double check the return policy......
I use it for a 4-string but there is plenty of width for the slightly wider neck as well as the larger headstock of a 5 - string.
Yes on the top cover in the corner
As long as you can plug 1/4 inch jack into, it should work
It is quite loud, I regularly use this amp to jam with a drummer in a small echoey location, and it holds its own in clean and distorted settings. As far as a live performance goes, this amp can handle most small/medium sized shows.
It gives you the list of presets which is quite vast, pick your pre-set and choose 3 effects options for that specific preset, (stomp/amp/effects) I am used to line 6 and this amp is far superior in my opinion because you can customize EACH preset with the 3 effects as well as the tone dials. Line 6 has a reverb knob which to me was decent but this one has a "tube amp" effect knob where you can get a similiar sound quality to that of a tube amp. What I found particularly interesting was the 7, 12 string, and bass simulators. so pretty much in a nutshell you have you're presets that come already installed for you, those presets usually are running 3 different effects to whatever tone they have, you have complete control over the effects as well as the tone quality itself. There is one downside that actually really irritated me with this amp.... Unlike line 6 using 4 tone buttons for your custom presets, this amp requires scrolling, so no more tapping with your foot of you don't have a pedal, and also there is no option to simply change through which sound you want (blues crunch metal insane), so pretty much if you find a tone you like but want to change to another one you have to stop playing and scroll through looking for them.
About 4 also with the reverb and delay
no, I checked on the peavey site to answer it for you, it is for acoustic, electric, or bass guitar. you would need a keyboard amp. did you want something for guitar and keyboard? you would probably need a bass amp if that's the case, but guitars don't sound that good through them, and they keyboard loses some of the high/treble sound through bass amps, I used one for my guitar and keyboard years ago, both didn't sound that good. depending on what you need it for, you should get 2 smaller amps, this thing is very very loud, I would get the larger amp of the one you use more, keyboard or guitar. if it's for live shows, they can mic the amp anyway, so technically you could have a really small amp, but with a mic and p.a. system or whatever, it would be as loud as all the other instruments
Yes, utilizing the power sponge knob (all the way up) and finding a setting with decent distortion will create a heavy sound that the metal/punk genre is known for. This amp still features a wide setting of distorted, and clean settings, so this amp can handle it all.
only has 120 volt plug
Per the Peavey website: 29.39 lbs; w 20.75"; h 21.5", d 11.5" dimensions are all listed as "packed".
great sounding solid state amp and if your going to mic it should be good for large venue hope this helps
Yes this amp pumps it out in the home I can only put it up to around 2- 2.5
This is not a good amp for a microphone but if needed you could use the acoustic guitar settings for a microphone if the mic has @ 1/4 "jack. if you want an amp that is good for a microphone you are better off going with an amp that has 1/4" jacks as well as xlr input wich is most common with a quality mic. I personally like the acoustic brand amps for my microphones they are designed for an electric acoustic guitar and have xlr inputs and the reverb settings work well with microphones. Peavey also makes awesome products for running microphones check out there website you will find what you need rosemary. Sincerily Rick Barkle
17"w x 9"d x 15"h
yes you can plug your bass into this and it sounds great
You would have to check the specs on the amazon site my 20 was easy to carry I recently upgraded it to the 100 though and I use a luggage cart to haul it to practice . the 40 and the 20 are not much different in weight and easy to cary by hand. if you are considering the 40 I would suggest going up to the 100 it is loud enough to play with a drummer and has all the same features plus a digital display so you know what setting you have it on lots of fun features on all models of this amp great product for guitar and bass.
No
No
This is much more than a decent amp. You will have so much fun with the different modes fine-tuning the sound of your guitar.
110v only
yes! nice amp. luv it! no regret!
Hi, Teresa. Happy to. It is the owners manual and also to install ReValver and Reaper either 32 or 64 Bit. You have a blessed day. By the way, I am really pleased with the amp.
Yes_and it uses the higher quality pro 1/4" headphone jack instead of the cheaper and buzzy 1/8".
Could use with keyboard but not really designed for it. Has 2 inputs and USB
only one 1/4" jack. you might be able to plug into the aux 1/8" jack with another instrument but i haven't tried it.
you bet- it's awesome- best deal for the money period
It comes with a power cable. USB? I don't use one, so I don't remember seeing one.
It's not bad! Totally realistic is a stretch. I like the effects that it has.
No
I have a Yamaha Acoustic with pickup and it works great on the acoustic mode. I have tried it on the Bass mode and it seems to give it a more mellow, deeper tone. I'm assuming an upright acoustic or mariachi-style bass with pickups would sound OK. Plus, you can use all the other effects and really find some interesting tones. Take your bass to a nearby music dealer and try it.
18"H x 20"W 29lbs
well to be onest I do't really like this Peavy amp the reason is that every time you ampluge it and pluge it back on you have to reset it and to me does't work and I will like to return it .
Unfortunately, no. And I don't think it fits nicely in most hard cases.
It's tuned like a mandolin. From low to high it's G D A E.
You need nickel or steel wound strings for electric-guitar type magnetic pickups. The Fender mando-strat uses ball end strings. Ball end strings are much less likely to break than loop end strings and will fit on most instruments. Buy your strings from emando or you can sort through 8-string mandolin sets in stainless or nickel steel for ball end strings. Here are several sets you can choose from: THOMASTIK 154K MANDOLIN SET BALL END - Strings are plain steel and flatwound chrome on a steel core, ball end, their medium gauge 009 014w 020w 031w, 127.2 pounds tension, 34cm scale length. THOMASTIC 154 FLATWOUND CHROME MANDOLIN STRING SET These top-of-the-line sets are known to be quite durable and are a favorite with jazz players. Flatwound strings are the best. I use stainless because I am allergic to nickel. The Gold Tone GME-5 5 string electric mandolin has about the same scale length as the Fender and most other mandolins and uses these string gauges: CGDAE - .052w, .040w, .026w, .016, .011 Of course, on a regular mandolin, the lowest note is G. On a mandola or 5 string, the lowest note is C. Hope this helps.
Overall, from end of peg head to strap pin is about 26". From heel of neck to strap pin about 12". Body is 10" wide at widest point. It will not fit in a violin or mandolin case, and not even in a mandola case that I have. It does fit in a viola case I had lying around.
Adjustable in pairs (A + E, G + D). As it came, A+E is 13 13/16", G+D is 13 7/8"
Hi, the mandolin, from high to low strings, is tuned E-A-D-G, so if you tune UP, you are tightening the strings up three or four semitones, so the neck might be able to handle it, but there would be a LOT of tension on the strings. On the flip side, you can tune it to the lower octave, and that would work. It's a sturdy little neck. Hope this helps. It is a nice mandolin.
The notes are G D E A.
4, it does not have double courses like an acoustic mandolin.
A 4 string sounds more like a guitar. An 8 string sounds more like a conventional mandolin, and allows for special tunings. Neither is better, it depends on what sound you want.
Made in Taiwan. A beautiful instrument
The difference isn't huge. Essentially the KP3+ has a few more effects built into it. But thats about the only difference between the two. Personally I use the extra effects a lot, so I would advice to get the KP3+, but it depends a lot on what it's going to be used for and if it justifies the higher price or not.
You'll need to download a driver from the Korg website first, but yes it can.
Yes you can!
I'll answer the easy question first. Going from Keyboard to KP3 is quite simple. Just Find a cord that has 1/4" to RCA (or 1/8" with 1/4" adapter *easier* to RCA). The 1/4" plugs into the output on the keyboard and the RCA plugs into the line in on the KP3. As far as guitar (I haven't tried it yet), but you need that ever elusive 1/4" to RCA plug. I hear it's very hard to find even on Amazon. I don't think plugging into the microphone jack will work. Unfortunately I don't think it's as easy with a guitar vs. a keyboard. Keyboards already have a preamp so you just need a speaker to output the sound. Guitars need that preamp and I don't think the KP3 supplies preamp power. I could be wrong. A last complicated suggestion would be to go guitar==&gt; audio interface ==&gt; Apple logic, Guitar Rig, etc ==&gt;headphone input to RCA to line in on KP3 ==&gt; KP3 line out to speakers. You'll probably lose some tone or not have the tone you want but that would work.
9V
Right around 12"
I have never used te Kaossiliator but, i watched a ton of material on it and it says that it's pretty much the same loop wise. I have the KP3+ and it loops great. I'm looking to sell it also if you are interested
you connect the different modules together, often in interesting ways. For example...a sine wave oscillator can be used to make a pure tone, OR you can slow it WAY down and use the patch cord to control an audio filter to make an undulating wah-wah tone. You don't hear the sine wave, you use it to control some other function. This was Moog's original innovation and is used time and time again in modular synthesizers (and in digital ones, but the connection is less obvious when you're just adjusting parameters on a screen).
You'll need a 1/8" to 1/4" mono cable.
They are very very different machines. The MS-20 Mini is a smaller version of the original MS-20 from the seventies. It has completely analog circuitry and somewhat limited in features. The real pull for the MS-20 Mini is that it is retro and the sounds are completely analog. The MicroKorg is a modern synth with digital sounds and a lot of features. In conclusion, if you desire authentic analog sounds of the seventies then the MS-20 Mini is for you. If you desire a digital synth with modern features and sound effects, the MicroKorg is for you. Hope this helps!
Yes, the old way. It has a [midi in] I did with a smaller kb.
Yes, via usb-MIDI interface you can send/receive NOTE ON/OFF messages to DAW (with fixed velocity). However, all the knobs are analog only and can't send anything to computer.
Hi No not on Amazon's site we do not. Sorry about that
It uses 9V power adapter. You can use any. Mine was supplied with a wide-range adapter but I was dumb enough to plug it in 220V socket without checking it. And it's been a while until I realized. So, no issues.
Yes
Only the keys are midi controllers. The rest of the knobs are for the sound the synth makes itself. I believe any midi controlled software is compatible with the MS-20. (I have not tried it myself, but it I've seen many do it, even on an iPad.)
Doepfer Dark Energy analogue synquencer - 600-$700 is what I use but don't know if the drum machine will drive it...hope that helps a little...
Hi. I have used it with a fulltone but I havent tried it with an mxr but I cant see why not. So far its been great! I use mad professor pedals and it works great with them.
May not be the most popular answer but on my homemade pedal board I just used velcro to attach the power supply to the bottom. Also if there are screws on the bottom check out this method: http://xmidi.com/bicycle-chain-links-as-velcro-alternative-for-guitar-pedal-board/ I have used this to attach pedals to my board and it is rock steady.
As long as it is a standard Boss style connector, and is 9 12 or 18 volts it will work just fine
I'm not sure exactly, but I have a Large Gorm pedal board. (30"x20") and I mounted this in the center underneath and have no problems with routing. I want to say they are appx 24", but I can't check until tomorrow when I get to my rehearsal space.
Although I don't have a Pedsltrain board I think you can so. Joyo PS got one of the smallest footprints among power supplies.
Yes
Yes
I can't confirm it, but I'm using nearly all the ports and there's no hum coming from my pedals
The input voltage is full range, works on both 110 and 220V.
It have 8 individual 9v port plus one 18v output, one strip to change polarity if needed, not sure of output amperage
Yes, using the monitor dial on mic itself, toggling between PC sound and your own, or setting accordingly until balance suites you. (using plugged in headphones into mic)
Yes, it will. Won 8 uses the same sound drivers as Win 7
Yes it does. I would move my head different angles in order to get comfortable and I would speak from different angles. I didn't hear any decrease in sound quality.
I haven't had a need for a pre-amp for this Mic so far because of it's insane sensitivity. You'll be able to hear anything you record with the Mic, so long as your input levels are good. For example, the Mic was able to pick up my oven beeping when I couldn't hear it in person from where I was. (I was in the basement and I heard the oven while I was playing a take I had just recorded.) If you still want to amplify, I've found that my DAW does an excellent job of boosting the signal all on its own.
It does, as shown, but your mic will have a tendency to topple over.
The difference is that there is a headphone jack on the front of the mic so you can not only hear yourself in real time while you record, but you can also choose the mic as your output and listen to the playback. Hope this helps!
They have quite a few of them on the Audio-Technica website. Just enter the model number you have and request info on the available shock mount.
Yes it does.
I really don't know what the difference is as I only checked the one I have and I like it very much.
Can you hear audio through the headphone jack? Yes. You plug your headphones into the jack on the microphone and hear the sound picked up from the microphone immediately with no delay, no latency. I don't understand the second part of your question though. Could you be more specific?
Internal built-in speakers that, to me, are excellent. It's not separate.
It say's 100V-240V. No problem
Mine works great. I tried to recreate your problem but mine did not fail. Good luck.
Hi, yes to some extent, you can use "Layer" mode to simultaneously play two sounds at once, any sound can be stacked with another sound from a different category bank. But there is n o way to adjust the balance between layered sounds, so that is a bit of a bummer. Let us know if you have any other questions we can answer for you! The Midi Store
The World Tour Double X Keyboard Stand is strong enough. It goes for around thirty bucks and is sold on Amazon.
yes it does ... it'a a great Piano feels and sounds great for the money my friend works with the rolling stones and he bought them one for there dressing room on tour ..... ;)
The KORG SP280BK is literally AWESOME!! I'm not sure about the Casio, but if you get the KORG you will be GLAD that you did!!
The SP280 has pitch transpose as well as fine tuning, yes.
Yes
Polyphony is how many keys are heard at one time while depressing the keys or being in the sustain pedal. More is better!!!
If your airport has RCA it will work but the new airports don't have RCA maybe the older ones do. But you could get adapters to hook them up RCA to blutooth or optical audio to RCA.
Thank you for your inquiry. You can connect these monitors to using either the XLR or RCA input jacks on the rear panel. Please feel free to let us know if you have any other questions. Thank you.
Not unless it says so. If it's around $250 it is the individual speaker, pair is around $500
Thanks for your email Maria - I believe you're asking if these would be appropriate for the ADAM Audio F5 speakers. MoPADs would work great with these speakers. You can purchase MoPADs on our website at this link: http://www.daleproaudio.com/p-12812-auralex-mopad-studio-monitor-isolation-pads.aspx Our website can accept your payment using your Amazon payments account, as well as PayPal and all major credit cards. If you have any other questions feel free to call us toll free at 888 462 7828 or reply to this email. Best regards, Tim Brown | daleproaudio
Per sepaker, just 1.
It was one speaker when I bought it
Yes, this will work nicely with your Shure SM7B. If you want to fully utilize a microphone of that quality you may want to invest in a USB interface, though this will still sound good.
only if it has onboard power. I use this cable with a microphone that has a 9volt battery inside it ! works perfectly but the mac does NOT provide phantom power. If your mic requires phantom power this cable will not work. You will need a mix board, there are some inexpensive ones for around $100 that will work.
not familiar with that mic...It will work with a shure 57 or my e609 silver..typical dynamic mic..this cable worked better as for Mic`s.....the guitar cable was not good.. I do like this companys idea of making USB transition simple,but in the end I bought a Presonus Audio box 22VSL.Mine $200 because of MIDI feature but.I could of bought the $100 model as @ the moment i only do Mic`s Or direct to Garage Band via Apple.
It'll take any analog audio signal in XLR form and convert it to digital (that's why it's bulky around the USB connector part). Beware, though, this product adds a bit of noticeable hiss and noise to your signal, so you might not want to use it for a final mix if you're outputting from a mixer.
I had never tried it before, only having it as a backup for my Mac recording setup, which worked fine. I just fired up a Windows 8.1 tablet and plugged the cable into a Heil PR40 and then into the tablet and it detected and recorded fine. The Heil is a quiet mic and it would have liked a bit more gain but it was not a big issue. I could have adjusted this in the audio controls on the recording software.
a good 5-5foot
It should do anything a standard xlr cable will do.
It will work with any microphone with standard 3-pin XLR connection.
i think it will be work
XLR to microphone and USB into Mac. Mine worked a little better (less laggy) when I used the USB 2.0 jack. In hindsight, I would've bought XLR - 1/8 in mini plug and used the mic input and it might have worked better.
Length is 45
Like a Marsupial...really fast
I will check the back of the headstock on mine... Definitely not made in USA. Made in China or Indonesia. Country of origin is clearly marked. Nice little entry level acoustic electric as long as everything checks out on delivery (and adjustments by a guitar tech may be needed based on preferences). Very nice look as well.
USA
an aunt is not needed for this guitar but you can plug it into one if you want
Nope, nothing. Just the guitar.
This guitar has a top made of laminate spruce w/ flame maple photo finish. The strings are steel strings, standard light gauge.
There is no series number on the guitar,inside the sound hole the model is listed as T-Bucket 300CE 3TS. To the best of our knowledge all T-Bucket 300 CE 3TS are 968079, the color is Sunburst.
I do not know.
djay 2 i believe has something of pc. I really just use Numark idj live on the go with the ipod and i think i was made for this app djay 2 but u can use it with Trakor whick can Learn the functions on this controller.
No, you don't need it. It works with the power suministrated by the usb cable taken from the PC, Laptop, iPad or iPhone.
Yes
I don't think it is compatible, but I'm not an Android user so I cannot say for sure. But from the looks of it, no. Sorry. I'd go to a Sam Ash or any music store that sells it, and see for sure.
Yes compatible with djay 2 app on iOS
Yes if you download the djay app
Spotify yes, the others I don't know.
It works on iOS, Mac os and windows, not sure about chromebook.
Yes there is. Usb headphone jack, and Bluetooth the speakers to your tv
Yes
Hi, the FZPIDDJSX does not have the glide style lap top stand. If you are looking for the Glide style, you should look into FZGSPIDDJSX. Hope that answered your question. If you have any other questions or want to purchase this product, please give us a call at 323-730-5050 @ AVLGEAR. Thank you!
Yes it has a shelf and you can actually put two laptops on it. Great product.
Take your controller to a guitar center they may let u see if yours fit
There is no shelf. I use this along with my current laptop stand. You also can not add one.
white
we used them as part of a backdrop for an indoor wedding reception. the lights weren't too bright for our needs.
They are all attached together with the plug and a control that has 10 ways for how the lights shine. I used it at my wedding behindu cake table and it was beautiful
The plug fits a standard US outlet
The dimensions were correct, 6 M wide by 3 M tall. But I have to say that the quality of the product was pretty poor. The lights are tiny, not very bright, and didn't all seem to work when I got it. Hope this helps.
Hi,Dear Rohit The dimensions of the item is 6*3 Meters. The lenght of the drops is 3 Meters and the width is 6 Meters. That is 19.69inch*9.85inch. Michael
With the use of an adapter it should be fine. When traveling abroad I always have adapters to convert other countries power source.
I have successfully used both.
We ordered it, but returned it when we realized that it had no RCA audio outputs. We have an earlier Peavey PA Sytem which works find which has the outputs. As for the speaker tripods, they are shacky on the older system, we picked up a set of heavier tripods from a person who was throwing out their speakers. As for the 3000, it looked great except for the outputs. We called the company and they couldn't believe that they had not put outputs in the system. Good luck.
Yes indeed. We use it weekly with both wired and wireless mics. No problems.
Yes.I thought of doing it several time. However the sides and back are slightly exposed to the elements. Would be helpful to find or build a carrying case that would fit the mixer. Also my pa is already 4 or so years old May have changed the design,but I don't think so.
I believe it's 150 watt
no stand no cables or mics great system
I have this system now and it does a good job for what I use it for. The only thing is the stands are a little weak
No but good pa for the dollars use it outside a lot
No complaints at all. It's been a little over a year now and it works every time without any problems. It's a must buy!!
Yes, it does come with shoulder straps. My daughter's 4/4 violin fits in very snug, not too tight and not too much room to slip around.
The case is black on the outside and the material is a nylon type material
What are you looking for. How much spring or what? My violin went from a 1915 to the one we purchased my violin is happy in its new home. It has no complaints.
Yes, your daughter should be able to get this in her case. In mine I can put the Kreutzer 42 Studies, the Whister position books, and several etudes.
I just measured the inside of the my case and it was approximately 24" from the scroll area to the end pin area.
It feels like a very hard foam, pushing a little hard, you can barely feel it give in, but it has a soft velvet lining. It is a very nice case.
Push down to open
Yes, I installed them on my Taylor 110. It is a nice upgrade but only noticeable with new strings. With old strings, nothing will help the tone except new strings.
Dont know for sure, but they should! Most minis use the same size pegs as normal guitars do. To be super sure you would just need the dimensions of the pegs you already have.
Don't know the taper but they are slotted.
The pins are slotted.
The Tempo AFAIK is NOT recorded but is simply set on the "metronome" which can be changed on the fly. I don't believe you can record a click track.
Yes. I use an older Mackie 12 channel mixer and run the main outs of it into the two 1/4 inch inputs on the Taacam.
You can export to only a 44.1K 16 bit stereo or mono file. However you can choose the track to be exported. Normally I export the multi track recordings into a few files and import to the computer for further process.
Your best bet would be to record your backing track into the Tascam (you have 8 tracks to use), then add a mike and record into a different track. The. Tascam has an equalizer so you can adjust the spund of your vpice as desired. Great little device. I wasted two years buying one software package after another to use on my computer and none of them were worth a toot. I love the Tascam for its ease and portability. The learning curve is moderate but the manual is very good at walking your through the process of making a master track (wav file) which can then be uploaded onto your computer. I downloaded another free software to change the wav file into an mp3. You'll love the Tascam onvce you are used to using it.
I always record the basic drum track on track 1 on the left set of knobs and then add guitars, keyboards, vocals, etc on the other tracks 2-8. You can export some of thise tracks and empty them out and reuse them again if you need more than the 8 available. As long as you keep a couple of basic tracks to follow along with, you'll still be able to make them all match up time wise.
You could mix to stereo on the unit and put the line out to the line in on a CD recorder, then play from the Tascam and record straight to CD. It wouldn't be a digital transfer though, and you'd need to manually define the tracks on the recorder.
I do not actually remember. I believe it was more cumbersome to transfer than just dragging files off the sd card.
Yes, there is such function but I have not use it. I suggest to read the user manual on Page 51. http://www.tascam.eu/en/docs/DP-008EX_Manual.pdf
Yes. You can record 2 new tracks at a time and it plays all the tracks while you are recording the new ones. If you don't want to hear the other tracks, you can manually turn them down or mute them. Hope this helps. it is a magnificent machine for the price.
Yes, you can. You can record one or two tracks simultaneously, while the remaining tracks are playing back.
Yes
Yes you can
Hi You need 1/4" jack for input to the mixer. RCA connection is output. You can use this system for Karaoke.
no it does not have HDMI input...
Yes you can put it in car trunk, m not sure about weight but requires effort (Which usually every pa requires) to put everything in place... but its a great system... u gonna love it...i did cover almost 10 events in last year....
seriously doubt it, the one I ordered is set up for 110, not sure there is a converter. Overall this is a pretty basic system and not great quality if you want to play it loud or cover a large area.
I think it would be fine for a dance team. It can get pretty loud and is easily adjustable. Nothing complicated about it. The microphones are holding up well.
It appears that there is an additional speaker jack on the back of the speaker that would allow this
Yes,I have cabled mic,but the wireless mic system is very nice...all you need to run an amp in rca to qwuartet in
Not sure how far away they go but they work very well and I've used them quite a few times. I do DJ work so the mics don't travel too far from the transmitter. Hope this helps.
I just bought this and tried it on my 2008 Audi A4 with Symphony II+ radio with OEM 30pin iPod connection, and it does not work. It is powered and pairs with my phone, but the radio does not recognize it when music is playing from my phone. Note that this is radio is before the new Audi MMI interfaces came out.
This is a Bluetooth receiver only. Good for wirelessly playing your Smartphone music, on a station with iPod connection (socket) on it.
Short answer: No. Long answer: Your existing Audi cable includes various features that allow your iPod to share track names, titles, etc. with your car stereo. Unfortunately, these are not supported under current Bluetooth audio standards. You may be able to find an aftermarket "Aux"-style cable that simply features power and audio support which may work with this adapter, but as always, compatibility depends on your specific setup.
It did not work for me with onkyo DS-A1 iPhone dock, even though it can charge all 30-pin apple devices. Ended up returning it, the problem was the audio was bearly audible even when my receiver was set to max volume.
Yes, I have it istalled on a lexus GS430 with old doking and it works fine.
I have a Vulcan Vaquero and it will play the music from my phone via Bluetooth but the handlebar controls don't function to control the volume etc......
I haven't tested this out but I will say that when I was using it, I had the speaker on my countertop in the kitchen and was able to walk to the back of my house and didn't notice any issues. Probably ~30-40 ft.
Yes, at least it works in my car (BMW).
It's a matter of pairing Bluetooth on both units. I am using iPhone and iPad and they both work well.
I don't have to re-pair each time. But I do have to pull it off the radio and put it back to wake it up.
Never to the beach but to the sand dunes. Even with atvs buzzing around it still worked great. Battery lasts
Yes. I have a different model (ion block rocker) but both models have the auxiliary jack. I use the auxiliary jack with my Epson MovieMate. I am very happy with this. Just make sure the volume is turned up on the MovieMate as well.
I think it should as long as you can pair it using your Bluetooth. I use my phone with it. It is quite a good unit, with very good sound.
It operates on 120 volts ac 60 hz
Yes without a doupt!
It appears that the handle bars could be removed by taking out the 4 phillips screws on each bar. The bars are clearly not designed to be removed and although it probably wouldn't hurt the functionality of the item it wouldn't look right either.
About 15 l bs. It's actually good bease It stags put and won't just fall over.
I can respond on the sound quality part... It says in the owners manual to have the unit volume all the way up and then tune up your music source. I use it for my Zumba (R) classes and sounds great at a higher volume level. I love it!
Yes it has the capability to do both.
No
Yes. It will work with any brand as long as the receiver has a digital coax input. The only other issue is power. If the receiver does not have a built in usb port to power the YBA-11, then you will have to buy a usb power adapter to plug in to the wall.
Yes. Your receiver has the required digital coax (RCA) input that you need for the YBA-11. Use a USB charging cube to supply the 5 volts DC power required. Glen
This a bt receiver not transmitter, does not work with headphones.
Do you have a usb port on your system? This is how the bt receiver gets it power. .. I used my cable box receiver to plug usb and worked fine. . Hope this helps
Yes, you can...Because you need a USB port just for the power and a AV port to play.
No
According to Yamaha's website, it will work well. http://usa.yamaha.com/products/audio-visual/accessories/yba-11_w/ Power Requirements The YBA-11 can be powered via USB from certain Yamaha models. If your Yamaha model does not have an available USB port, the wireless adapter can also be powered by a 5 V / 0.5 A USB power supply (similar to the wall/USB charger shipped with most mobile phones).
The cords required to attach the unit to your avr are included. I believe there is no power cord because power is drawn via the USB, but I'm not in front of my unit now and can't confirm it.
It should work if your receicver has a digital coax input. Call Yamaha at714-522-9105.
Your r-s500 doesn't support this Bluetooth receiver directly. You need a DAC in between, but that will be not very cost effectively. You'd better retuRN this and but another model.
You can use this in any standard or regular bulb receptacle or socket. If it is able to meet your expectation that only depends of the size of the area where you want to use it. For me it was more than enough because I'm using it just to create an effect in a small bar (about 20sq ft)
Hello, if you have not placed your order, we cannot make sure that you receive it before Xmas. Sorry. The normal shipping time is 7~ 12 working days. Best regards,Lemonbest
Here is my own list for your reference:http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00R2ML4FE We ship from NY by USPS, which usually takes 3-5 days.
No 110
No there is not I found this picture to be slightly miss leading. This build projects red, green and blue dots and circles it doesn't have a base color light the pictures show. I use theses on a dimmer pack with my band lady night at a gig and they worked good for the price
Had it a month and the kids use it every day listening to music I bought another one they like them so much
It is a multi colored "spinning' lamp. Typical Red, yellow, blue. uses prisms for a disco ball effect. It's not of quality construction. The packaging is poor.
Those are the color of the bulb as the bulbs rotates the bulbs are screwed into a light socket
As long as your fixture could take a standard 60wt sized bulb screw...then yes :) I tried it in the kitchen...a floor lamp and then the ceiling fan light.
The bulb itself does not rotate the rotating dome is plastic which is transparent by a small motor that's in it, drive it carefully that the gears are very fragile
No drivers required. It's setup by your DAW.
I couldn't get it to work properly with FL Studio 11. As far as sensitivity, it's your basic plasticy feel most midi controllers have, not bad, not great.
Its a midi controller not a keyboard. The sounds you make depend on the DAW and synthesizers that you choose to use. Its a tool for music production not a standalone instrument. You can run it in ableton very easy and it comes with a download of ableton and a few synthesizers definitely worth the money if your looking to start learning music production.
Yes
As soon as I get my daughter in law's feedback I'll be sending it to you, it was bought for her. Regards, Isabel
I haven't had any issues playing chords on synth programs like Absynth in Logic Pro X.
It comes with Lite 8
I'm hoping I can post links here. I haven't even opened my box yet, but this clip shows some settings you may want to check. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mg6EJ6JiLTM If my link has been removed, go to youtube. Search "novation launchkey 25 ableton live". It's about the 7th video down in the search results. There are Japanese characters in the description, but don't worry, the audio is in English. I hope something from those Youtube results can help you.
Just 1 USB cable, you don't need the power cable, the USB it's enough to power the controller.
Sure does. It's what I use.
1)Yes, it is USB MIDI compliant. 2) It is USB powered.
I think that the arpeggio is a feature of the launchkey software that you have to download and install on you computer and/or ios device. It isn't built into the keyboard hardware.
If you are asking about the old round DIN style MIDI cable, no. This keyboard has no DIN connector. This keyboard provides MIDI signals over USB.
No it has everything you need. Even if the person you are giving it to doesn't have a DAW it comes with a version of Ableton 8 to get them started.
it doesn't come with power cord. It will get power from usb. If you use usb hub, it has to be powered.
Ableton Live 9.1.6, is the current version, there is no v10 yet. Novation Launchkey is a class compliant device - with built in drivers for PC/MAC. Plug it in to Live, and set the surface controller as Launchkey49.
Yes, I'm using it with PT10.
It is powered by the USB that you plug into your computer.
Very well the board is plug and play the transport and mix controls are set up for logic though. you may be able to download a patch for that though.
No this is a midi controller. With only a USB adapter. No stereo, mono, or midi output. Great peice though. Especially if your running ableton. Hope I helped
I use it to control VST instruments within Logic Pro X. Works great.
The velocity curves of this controller are pretty good. I never had any problems and when I did with certain instruments like violins with long reverb curves I modified the velocity curve through the DAW or the sampler (in my case Komplete) but again normally the velocity action and curves are pretty good since the keyboard is pretty sturdy.
Yes can!! Thanks....
As far as I can tell the only real difference is the number of keys. If this is your primary control I'd get 61, if not its up to you.
watch this video tutorial https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QcH6B7tOd4M
Not from ableton, for example.
Yes. it will work as a midi controller just fine. I know that novation product work really well with ableton but will work fine with logic, pro tools etc.
Yep!
This is just a controller and it does not have it's own stock sounds. You need to have it connected to MIDI or to a computer with a DAW
Yes
The one I got says GM-05, I find it quite loud for its tiny size.
Yup. c:
The guitar will be the wrong impedance to work with this device. It is meant for line-level audio. You could however, feed an unbalanced (TS) line out from a guitar amp into this device. If you are attempting to isolate hum you suspect is being generated from your axe, before it hits the amp, you will need to address shielding, pickups, and wiring within the guitar itself. This device is meant to isolate ground loops between line-level audio equipment, such as the output of a DAW to the input of a monitor amp. Good luck! Hope this helps a little.
The hum eliminator may very well work, it does a good job at that. However, if you have both equipment connected to the same wall socket you may not get any hum.
Sorry, I can't help with this question. I used the device for audio from a two-way radio - not with a guitar.
Mine did, but you can buy the lightning connector for $30
It runs through USB when using it with a Mac. You need the power adapter if using with an iPad.
That's my setup. Two balanced 1/4 inch outs.
no it does not. But it only works for mac, so you should be able to use garageband.
I use the audio out on the Duet through headphones, but if you're getting a bad hiss I would think you'd want to check the settings that you're using in the Maestro configuration page. Be sure that if you're using a microphone you have the input set to Mic and adjust the dB parameters appropriately. On mine it sounds really good, but you do have to tweak the settings.
Yes, that is what I have. My MacBook Pro is from March 2014 or so.
No
I don't know which website everybody is looking at because it's pretty clear here that the Lightning cable is included: http://www.apogeedigital.com/products/duet.php
Hello,Dear. Mr, Malala-Laborde Explanation of goods The first professional stereo audio interface iPod touch at the object for iPad To iPhone and iPad, direct Digital connection iPhone 5, iPad (fourth generation), GarageBand for the correspondence (a Lightning conversion adapter is required separately) iOS to iPad mini, It operates by the application corresponding to CoreAudio(s), such as MultiTrack and Spotify, with the application corresponding to CoreAudio(s), such as GarageBand for the operation Mac, Logic, Pro Tools, Live, and iTunes. Low latency monitoring by Maestro, control MIDI input and output of input and output DC power connected with Duet to an iOS device Supply USB 2.0 connection, 24 -- bit -- /-- 192 -- kHz -- AD/DA -- conversion -- a world class -- a microphone -- a preamplifier -- having carried -- two -- a &#12388; -- an analog input -- and -- Fanta -- &#12512;&#12497;&#12527;&#12540; -- two -- a &#12388; -- balance -- type -- an analog -- line-out -- independence -- having carried out -- one -- /-- four -- " -- a stereo -- headphone -- an output Designed in California - Made in the U.S.A. [System requirements] Mac OS: Computer: More than Intel Mac 1.5GHz Memory: At least 2 GB RAM, 4-GB or more recommendation OS: 10.6.8 or or more 10.7.5 connection and power supply: The USB port USB bus power of Mac, DC power (power supply enclosure) iOS: iOS version: 5.1 or more Connection: 30 pin Dock connector Lightning of correspondence (Lightning connector) * Apple to an iOS device - 30 pin adapter is required. iPod touch* iPhone (5th generation) 5* iPad* (fourth generation) iPad mini* Correspondence to an iOS device (30 pin Dock connector) iPod touch iPhone (fourth generation) 4S iPhone 4 iPad (the 3rd generation) iPad 2 iPad Thank you
If the lights are installed closely to each other, they are very likely to pick up the same signal from the remote when you operate the remote. However, you can create a physical barrier and "isolate" the light bulb that you need to be a different color.
Yes.
They will only work on 12v AC
It will work outdoors. I am using at least 4 as accent light outside with the light fixture below Paradise GL22724BK Low-Voltage Cast-Aluminum 20-Watt Halogen Floodlight with Glass Lens, Black Hope it helps.
You're not going to get burned like Halogen.
That is not my experience with these bulbs. The colors do not blend perfectly.
Yes, you can control multiple light bulbs with one remote, they share the same frequency.
Overall 39 in, Body 18 1/2 in Cool guitar, hope this helps
The back and sides are laminate - but the top is solid spruce. As other say - don't judge this guitar on that information. If I told you it was all solid - you'd believe it. I have owned a Gibson L-00 - and this RK sounds as good - if not better, at 10% of the price. Hard to believe - and now I see they've marked it down further - under $200. This is an unbelievable buy. Take the risk and buy it - you will be very, very happy you did - as was I. The quality of the guitar is very high.
No, didn't get case with guitar. Bought a cheap gig bag separately. Hope this helps
B&S are definitely laminate-I believe to be birch (Think I read that somewhere)- like a lot of these parlor style guitars were. Hard to be certain with the dark matte finish. Overall very playable. Great value for the price. Still wanting to get it professionally set up -as it isn't "perfect" (I have quite light strings on it and has a slight buzz above 10th fret but just needs minor fine-tuning action-wise I also use a lot of drop tuning which should have heavier guages anyways.. Handy little instrument with amazing projection for it's size (it's a little "canon" !) Nut and Saddle are much harder than plastic resembles bone, but probably a composite material. Saddle is compensated (never seen this with bone saddle), so likely a tusk type material. Sound carries very well from saddle to soundboard. Tuners acceptable & hold pitch, but just on the edge - could benefit from upgrade.
Just measured mine. Looks like 13 3/8".
The nut is 1 and 3/4 inches. It's a nice little guitar.
china
Yes it does. Its located at the head stock like an electric guitar.
Sure, its 1-11/16". I wish it were wider, but its still a nice guitar for what it claims to be. This link has lots of good info: http://www.recordingking.com/products/guitars-all-models/rph-05 Hope that helps.
Yes it does! I have an HP computer and it works great..!
It all depends on the software you use with it. It comes with a free version of Serrato that does not let you record your performance. You can update to the full version for a fee. I chose to purchase CrossDJ which has sampling ability and a LOT more.
YES, this works with an iPad. You need the Camera Connection Kit so the iPad can accept USB connections. You also need a powered USB hub so the MixTrack can draw enough juice to turn itself on. After that, and MIDI controller software on the iPad will see it as a valid device. Some apps like djay 2 even fully support the MixTrack line of devices without any configuration.
Yes
Keep a look out--it just may!
Yes
Asign a channel for the controller and keep that channel open in you mixer. Make sure your volume is all the way up. my set up is from the controller to my mixer (channel 3 because I have my cd player connected to channel 1 and 2) and from there to my amps
Not fixed, I bought a separate sound card.
Sound can go through Speakers and/or headphones.
I would think so. That one came out way after I got this one.
Yes, it does... I actually bought this for my musically talented girlfriend... She uses it and makes tracks with ease... I will say though, it's way over my head and I have no idea how to work that thing...
I find for just sketching with my guitar or even catching a band practice the on board mics are pretty good. It only comes with two 1/4 input (channels 1 and 2). Ive used an sm 58 and beta 58 (for vocals) with a chord with the xlr and 1/4 on either end. I use an sm 57 for my amp, though sometimes I go di from the amp (its a DT25). I may just get an adapter and leave it plugged in to the unit. All these options have worked great for me.
It does not have external speakers, you can use head phones. It has a built in microphone, it has low, medium, and high sensitive settings for the microphone.
No it does not. It's a small unit a little larger than the flat of the hand.
The DP006 is an entry level 4-6 track recorder. It's not a professional board, but it does what it claims to do very well.
You need to output to a computer and then burn cd. Yes.
The unit does have built-in mics. Not sure of the quality as I didn't use them much. I have already sold mine because I was unhappy with the cumbersome process required to transfer music from the device to the computer.
This device does not have special effects like reverb , chorus or delay. This is an entry multi-track recorder.
You can use it running on batteries, but you would like to buy a power supply. It comes with a SD card, you may want a larger cappacity one. If you are recording using line inputs, P10 cable are needed.
RDR...It does "dump" through the USB connection. The process takes a few steps to "save" and then "export" the track to the "WAV" folder PRIOR to connecting the USB cable. After connecting the USB cable, open the DP-006 folder in "computer", open the "WAV" folder and there is your track. I always "move to" a folder on my laptop...keeps the DP-006 memory clean. I use a PC...sorry...but the operation on the DP-006 will be the same prior to connecting the USB cable to a Mac. Hope this helps
I have the same problem.... I think I returning it
I couldn't even get the device to play music and returned it. Very confusing.
I thought I would be able too, but have not figured it out.
yes, however, i thought you could use it more than it allows for personal recording
The mini has the lightning connector, this is a 30 pin connector device, so by itself, no, it will not work . You could, however, use the 30 pin to lightning connector adapter, and then the mini could connect to it. That would make it a little less stable though on top of it.
Yes, any smart phone that can download the star maker app
No only iPhone or ipads
No idea... You need an ipad either way. Will cehck
"Worst Product Ever", I couldn't find anything for days then I have to return amazon on my own expenses, and it was a shame it didn't work as I bought it for my GF. She is so MAD.
yes
Indonesia.
It does not come with a case but I ordered a Gator 3/4 size guitar case and it fit perfectly.
Yes. OnE AtThe Bottom.
It does have a pinless bridge.
Flat.
No
Yes. Not sure on the gauge though.es
I would be careful trying this as the pick guard seems to be on pretty tight. Be aware that the finish overall is kinda thin. Its not a heavy lacquered finish like on a lot of guitars. If you were going to refinish the whole thing anyway then I think you would be fine.
Pretty sure it comes with 12's.
Probably so. Although they may not be as bright. On the plus side maybe less likely to melt as mine did. Over-voltage definitely not a good idea you will let out the magic smoke that makes it work.
I think u can find it here http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00QM2ZCDA
hi,yes, we have red color and blue ,here is asin B00EZ0EFM0 red and B00EXKXLIG blue,anything more i can help you , please let me know, will be my pleasure , thanks
Yes there 12 volts I connected 8 of them together with one adapter u connect as many u want they don't use a lot of energy
You need a maximum of 12 volts DC Power supply.
Hello CHRIS Generally used 12V2A power. I hope you can be satisfied with our answer, thank you. lisa
It says its operating voltage is DC12V 60mA which, using ohms law, would mean they would draw 0.72w. --&gt; 12 x 0.06 = 0.72
It says it right in the product title. Yes.
I'm running one set on a 1A adapter, but now that I think about it I'm not sure I believe the 60mA rating is for the entire strand. LEDs average 20-30mA apiece, so I think it's 60mA per 3-LED block. So the entire strand would be 1200mA/1.2A and I'm overloading the adapter I'm using. I'd look for a 3A like "E-Goal DC 12V 3A Switching Power Supply Adapter For 110V- 240V AC 50/60Hz"
For twenty pcs it's eight feet long
You can get 48v phantom power from USB.
yes it does!!! Some people have different names for it....USB A to USB B Cable or USB Peripheral cable....
Typically you find this in the "audio/interface settings" of either the DAW software or the system preferences. Tascam can help troubleshoot if needed.
In order to get signal to and from the computer.
Well for me I have a similar situation that if I left the computer on for a night, the interface does not respond so that I have to reboot my computer. Now it has another problem and I have sent it back to repaire
I would believe it should work, but I do not know for sure . . .I have never used it in that configuration. Perhaps you could ask Tascam support. Worst case, you could always route the headphone output to the line in (if you were not using the "phones")
Yes
No
It comes with Steinberg Cubase LE6 recording software.
I have this exact audio interface and use it for my AKAI MPK 49 MIDI contoller. I use multiple music programs which this interface works very well with. The only small issue was the driver disc they supplied, you will need to go directly to TASCAM to get the latest drivers (no biggie) Great purchase!
Yeah they can. I use a 9volt to check my lights....
I doubt it. There isn't much available in the way of specs, but the traces on the PCB look somewhat thin to carry that much current. You would also probably have too much voltage drop by the time you reached the fifth strip.
Yes, but I did not have faith in the peel and stick adhesive so I put a thin coat of clear silicone down the edges. Holding up great, mounted on back face of upper cabinet facing.
I use these along with a power adapter, http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00HV3AUEK/ref=oh_aui_search_detailpage?ie=UTF8&psc=1
No
It will work with pretty much any MIDI instrument. You will just have to program your own combis and layers in your DAW. Thats the way I use it most of the time because the Triple play software needs to be updated to be compatible with the newest software instruments that are available.
IMHO, you will be dealing with the same kind of limitations/challenges as any other PC based configurations for live sets. If you are brave enough to work with computers in live performance, just consider the triple Play as any other controller. Delays and change in sounds will depend strongly on your computer configuration. Hope it helps.
I use a Mac, so I can't speak for Windows. After I set up the sensitivity and tuning in the Fishman application, the info was stored in the transmitter. Now I just put the USB receiver dongle into the Mac when needed and all my different softwares (Reason, Logic, Reaktor) see it as a MIDI keyboard without using the Fishman software.
No. The cord is roughly 7".
Yeah, it's a midi controller, it does the same thing as a midi controller keyboard. I use it with Reason and Logic, it's pretty amazing.
The latency is greatly improved over what I used to get from the Roland GR-33. If you're a fast picker it won't keep up with you 100% but the amount of latency is acceptable to me. If I had to give it a number I would say something like latency = 10-15% overall where the Roland GR-33 would be more like 35-40% latency. Also making sure you have the Fishman pickup in the ideal "sweet spot" at the bridge will insure you get the least latency possible.
Here is a list of the software that is included with the Fishman TriplePlay: Native Instruments - KOMPLETE Elements and GuitarRig LE Notion Music - PROGRESSION 2 IK Multimedia - SampleTank 2 XT and AmpliTube Custom Shop PreSonus - Studio One Artist TriplePlay Edition According to the Fishman TriplePlay website, these are full versions, but some have been modified specifically to work with TriplePlay. Please see the TriplePlay website at www.fishman/com/tripleplay for more information.
What guitar model?
What guitar? I have a bunch of guitars and fits on all of them but one that has an 80's Yamaha tremolo. The only way to make it fit will be trimming one side of the bridge pickup mounting ring. I'm sure you'll be fine, though.
It should work out of the box. It will appear in your DAW as a midi device.
This isn't an easy question to answer without the specifics of what you're trying to hook up. This is a guitar cable. It is mono and will work well in transferring a low power signal to an amp, etc. If you're trying to hook up an amp to a speaker for example, this is not what you want. For an already amplified signal you'll need a 1/4" speaker cable. There is a huge difference. One is shielded and meant to carry a high impedance signal to an amplification source, the other is not shielded and meant to carry a much stronger power signal with low impedance. You should Google the specifics of your gear because using this cable for instance to run from an amp head to a speaker could possibly cause major damage. I hope this helps!
Nice cable..but not Lifetime Warranty nice. I believe it's 1 year. Here is site link. http://www.speakerrepair.com/page/category/AMWarrantyReturns.html They appear to be distributed through they guys.
Yes it is.
No. They are not balanced. You tell by looking for 3 points of "connection", i.e. the "tip", a "ring" and the "sleeve". Most guitar cables are unbalanced, and only have a "tip" and a "sleeve" connection. There definitely ARE balanced 1/4" cables (usually referred to as TRS for Tip Ring Sleeve), but, if you're connecting to a guitar, hardly any guitars are balanced, so it is fairly pointless. I'm not familiar with the rokit8, sorry.
It is a microphone, not a speaker. No it won't fit in the ear, nor would you want it to.
Ya... I bought the Sony ECMCS3 Clip style Omnidirectional Stereo Microphone http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0058MJX4O/ for $27.95, and got the 3.5mm StereoTRRS 4-Pole M to TRS Jack Microphone to iPhone Adapter http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00DQH8NAS/ for another $20.00... I saved $10 dollars at the end of the day and the quality was much better on the Sony. You can just try any of the other cheap lavalier mics with that adapter above and probably save yourself even more. I'm returning this ASAP...
Yes, it can
Yes, certainly. As long as the input accepts microphones it should function almost just like an iPhone headphone/mic.
yes that is correct
It will work on any device that has a headphone jack and connect to the App Store to download the software
Yes, it sounds great but I would suggest tweaking audio in Pro Tools or Logic Pro for optimal audio. Final Cut Pro has some audio enhancements that work pretty well, but you're limited on the control you have.
Theoretically yes, the foam piece is intended to reduce the pickup of background noise and the "boom" effect of certain speech sounds such as Ps and Ts. You could use it without it, but I'd recommend having it.
Yes.
It works nicely with Apple products. I tested mine with the iPhone, iPad, MacBook Pro and MacMini. The specific point I would make is that it plugs into where the headphones do... there isn't a specific mic input.
There is no problem with this pedal. I bought mine on a referral from the drummer in Candle Light Red. This is a bad @ss pedal!
Yes. They are double pedals.
Most likely no, there's no room to add them.
No
No
no
Around 1ft 6 inches
No free pedal case.
It looks like the pedals are fixed in place. I don't think you can adjust how far they are apart. http://pearldrum.com/products/hardware/drum-pedals/demonator#p-932
About 11 inches give or take hope this helps.
it great midi keyboard! as long as you have a mac computer. (i haven't tried it with a pc) easy to use and great for traveling!
Yes, but not without an iPhone, iPad, or other device for it to control. This is a convenient lightweight keyboard that makes no sound on its own.
yes~!
Hi Rosa...No, this keyboard does not come with a lightning cable. You have two options, either purchase the male lightning to 30 pin adapter from the Apple store (29 dollars or so), or purchase the "iRig Keys with Lightning" model from amazon, which is 30.00 more than this keyboard. Keep in mind that this will allow you to connect to most lightning equipped devices, however, I'm not completely sure that they will be compatible with your device. I've heard some people say that the retina display on the iPad Mini does not recognize iRig Keys, so you may want to do some more research.
Yes!
No...
Don't know if PC comparable, but a terriblely designed product. Do not recommend
Really I just use it with iOS devices. You need to try.
No it doesn't , you have to buy somewhere else
Hi George! It actually comes with 2 cables. One for the Air and one for a 30 pin.
Perhaps. The trick is to supply 12v DC to the lights. I think the transformer is in the little box with the blades that fit into the plug, so you would have splice in before the transformer. When I replaced my fluorescent under-counter lights, my solution was to pull the old lights, install a plug at the end of those hard wires, and then plug into that. A bit of extra work, but not bad.
US 110v
Yes
The 35/28s are not as bright as the 50/50s,,the 3528 transformer will work with the 5050 but it wont be as bright as with the one it calls for, I hope this was helpful!
Yes. It has a click on and off with dimmer.
The dimmer is fixed in the middle of a cable roughly about a foot in length with 2 permanent connections on each end. One end connects to your led lights (via a 6" adapter cable) and the other goes to the power adapter. Unless you can find an extension cable, you will have about a foot of play from the end of your light strip to where you can mount the dimmer switch.
I would not say they are bright enough for a primary light for a sink more of a accent light. I can email a picture of how I used them if you like.
Everything is there if you plan to install the entire strip and plug it into the wall.
Don't personally know but this link I found quick May help. http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=haQvsrMCRko
12 volt 60W
Mine that just arrived did not have the clips and it was advertised on Amazon that they were included
No, it is too big and not resizable.
No. You need a stand.
You need adapters: http://www.ikmultimedia.com/news/?item_id=3475
I actually have mine clipped to my music stand, I don't use a mic stand (wireless headset mic is what I use).
I Klip 2 fit the original iPad and the iPad 2.
Yes! Its great!
Hi. I think you probably can use a speaker stand as long as the pole is a similar width to a mic stand.
I'm not sure if this would fit the IPad air. I know it works for the 2nd-4th gen
No. The case must come off before clipping in your iPad. Kind of a pain.
For sure.
Yes. There is.
Yes I use my px-780 on 220v supply in Africa. It is rated 100-240v input.
The keys are weighted. It really feels like a real piano. There is an output so you can use other speakers, but I have not used it. The built in speakers are plenty loud and it sounds great.I'm not sure what you mean by the last question.
It has a one year warranty out of the box; then if you register online in the Casio website, you get another 2 more yrs of warranty. It kind off shows how serious Casio is in supporting the build quality of their newer Privia lines. So far I've never had any problem with it myself. As far as the keyboard action and feel, and the quality of the sound... the PX780 just blew me away (and I've been playing piano since a kid).
Yes. The Casio Privia series, including this model, all have Class-compliant USB MIDI, allowing the Privia to be used with Mac or Windows computers without the need to download drivers. Essentially, you should be able to "plug and play" with Garageband.
Yes
Yes the keyboard comes separated from the stand and can be separated later for transport but it cannot sit on a table without some sort of support as the bottom is not flat. There is no sustain peddle jack. It is just an electrical plug-in from the wires going to the 3 pedals. I have seen sustain jacks on other keyboards and this is not one of them.
I returned it because I didn't like the action, but I believe there is a headphone jack that can go out to an audio system.
No. You need to improvise.
What I recieved was this: A Pop filter, the samson microphone, a pair of samson head phones, and a cleaning whipe. The cord of the microphone is also really long if you need to put it in far places from the computer
Yes, a small desktop tripod
All of the items are packaged and shipped together in a large box.
It sure does. I use Audacity on an Asus Windows 8 laptop and have had no problems with it detecting the mic.
The headphones would plug into your computer, thanks!
I purchased it to use for tuning pianos and am taking a course in piano tuning. There are stretch tuning settings for vertical and grand pianos in the unit. I do like the tuner and it works well while you are tuning in the middle of the piano. It does not pick up the extreme ends on the piano (at least without an accessory microphone), which is not a big deal as you can use tuned notes to reference these notes. I do really like the strobe on the unit and have found it to work well for me so far. I was however disappointed to find out that the tuner does not register the measurement of cents of the tone you are playing. In order to find out how many cents out of tune you are, you need to play the tone on the instrument and then manually match the tone with the tuner. The bottom line to me is that for the money I feel it is a good buy. If you have more capital, you might want to look at some of the available software for netbook, tablet or cell phone or look at some of the specific piano tuners.
It's a wonderful tuner! Especially for a guitar maker to set up nut and saddle compensation. Clip on tuners don't have this level of real time sensitivity.
It has a built in "kick-stand", but no, it does not come with a clamp. It has a threaded mount hole on the back for the available clamp.
It does not come with an SP-1
Yes. It's a "chromatic" tuner, which means it will show you the name of the note you are singing - no matter what it is - and you'll see whether you are sharp or flat, or spot on. It's *very* accurate, very sensitive; so if you can sing a note sufficiently in tune to make this thing say "okay" - you're really good!
I use mine with a condenser microphone and it works fine. I would assume the TP3 would work equally well. Remember though, the available stretches on the peterson websites are not exact. They are close, but most pianos require a little tweeking. The piano stretches included with the StoboPlus are pretty much useless. Use the stretches for the 490ST. These can be found on line and entered manually.
Yes, it does display the register.
While I do not have a switch controlled wall outlet, anytime I turn the lights off then back on they are the same color as before. (i.e. have them set to red, turn off, then back on, still red)
Yes just line up the arrows otherwise it won't power the next one properly and don't hook up more than 3 together it starts acting up after 3
Connection 2 roll at one transformer
Razor blade, very carefully
It worked for less than a day had to get another one !
All of the LEDs are connected in parallel in the string, so individual LEDS can't be individually controlled per se,--- without making major modifications to the product...
4 100 bright white. Good luck.
There is no delay in switching colors. The remote device allows 'flashing' between colors. Also, it has a 'fade'. and colors can be switched by manual control. However, I noticed a dealer selling a remote that responds to music. Check that one out also. I saw a video and it looked good.
you cannot you need to wire both strips to the same controller and have one remote you can do it from the low voltage side
This does allow you to adjust to colors in between.
They are 3R and 3L. hope this helps.
yeah. just put them on my pr200 epi acoustic... but the pack of tuners they sent were missing 2 screws. pissed me off, but was able to mix match with some of the ollder ones. make sure you have a 1/16th" drill bit. you must pilot new screw holes.
I have and old twelve string with strip tuning pegs that I replaced with these. I had to bore the holes slightly bigger, but they worked out nicely. I was slightly nervous the spacing would not work out but it was fine.
They appear to have the same specs as the Ovation tuners, but probably not as good a quality. You might have to replace these in less time than your originals
I used them to fix for a friend and do not have them now. 19mm would be about 3/4 inch and that is about what they were as i remember. Will look around in my shop and see if i can find a scrap. if i do i will measure and let you know.
I really don't know the brand. I believe they are made in Korea. What I do know is that they are exactly the same as the original ones in my entry level Fender electro acoustic guitar (I might say these are the same in different brands of guitars, since many of them are made in Korea anyways). I bought the set of six but used only one to replace the faulty one. I have 5 more in case the same thing happens again (the internal gear stopped working).
Just checked one of mine...with the bushing(including washer) screwed in until it stops, there is 17/32in. So your peghead (headstock) needs to be at least 9/16in but preferably around 5/8in thick.
I do not know if these would fit a Fender Stratocaster Acoustic. Your best bet is to look carefully to the photos of this product and compare to your actual tuners. What I do know is that these were the exact match to my entry level Fender acoustic guitar. Also, of what I have seen after my purchase is that basically the only difference with other tuners would be on the protuberance where you set the tuner with a screw against the guitar itself. This part differs in angle to other brands. Other than that I would not be able to clarify further. Sorry.
1"1/4" I put these on my 69 epiphone les paul for inexspences key's there well made I would purchase them again. if you don't have the $50.00 plus dollars for the name brand ones I recommend these. Iam actually pleased with these . Of coarse when I have the money I will buy the Gibson grovers. but as for now very very good substute. I recommened.
I wouldn't know if it fits the Epiphone Les Paul 100 guitar. These are replacements for a number of different brands. You need to do your research. Look in the back of your tuner and see if there is any code number that would help you figure it out. Look up close the photos of the product in Amazon. These tuners do have a part that protrudes in a certain angle to inset the screw and secure the tuner to the guitar. Most of them do but you need to ascertain the angle in it matches the hole in your guitar. Hope it does.
When I received my it did not work....it should not be.......
Sorry, this will not work. The ET-25K microphone will not playback songs on the SD card. There is no SD card slot on the ET-25K. On the ET-23K there is a SD Card slot. But it too will not playback. You can only use the USB port of the ET-23K to play mp3 music on a USB memory device.
Hello Rickey, Yes hindi version of this model is available to us. For question or comment, you can reach us at 5629258847 or 5626591115
http://www.magicmicstore.com/EnterTech-Magic-Sing-Sub-Mics-Accessories-s/51.htm. i belive this is what your looking for.
I do not know; i bought it as a Christmas gift. Also, someone had asked me if it is in color - yes, color.
no,but you can buy a chip ,,,with tagalog songs also magic-sing makes a unit with tagalog songs
Yes
Yes ..few song but also I bought and other chip with Spanish songs only ..is really good
No
Yes, there is plenty of country chips http://www.acekaraoke.com/hetcmmcpf6.html
No only on 1 side
Yes, this pack does well because there are light weight and heavy-duty in the same pack. I am still a beginner but I had my strings switched to silk to help with soreness that was all bothersome after a month. This was the best buy of pics! It's been almost a year and I have not had to buy another pack yet
Technically, you can but most people use their fingers or felt picks for a uke. You can scratch your uke with these if it doesn't have a pick guard.
About an inch
12 pics, various colors, 1 inch X 1 1/4 inch, 1 - light, 4 - mediums, 1- .50 mm, 1 - .60 mm, 1- .73 mm, 1 - 88 mm, 1 - 1.00 mm, 14 - 1.14 mm - Hope this helps.
My assortment included 7 different thicknesses of picks, including 5 medium thickness, total of 12. This is exactly what it says-an assortment. I assume most people would prefer medium picks, thus the quantity. You will not find 12 quality picks for this price anywhere else. People should think before they write comments-Fred
You could if you had two XLRs and two mics for left and right. Then you would have both audio channels. Otherwise you have just the one channel and one mic. I prefer just the mono while shooting and recording. Then I balance it out in post, and in stereo.
Is just one microphone.
No
Choosing the band you will use depends on what frequencies are in use in your area. Sennheiser has a page on their support site called Frequency Finder to help you determine which band to use in your area. Also, keep in mind there are 3 bands available for this model, A, B, and G.
Yes you can use this setup to record right to the camera, or you can use an external recorder like a Zoom H4N etc.
I don't believe these will work with an iPhone as these are pro equipment. These work with external recording source via xlr input
As long as it has a microphone input that accepts either a 3.5mm or an XLR cable, I couldn't see why not. It may be in your best interest to ask the question "Does this camera have a microphone input and if so, what size?" on the gopro hero 4 page.
Yes
The receiver has an option for a cold shoe mount. As long as your camera has a cold/hot shoe mount you are good. If not you would need to find a mounting solution.
I have not tried it but cannot see why it would not work
It is a star configuration. I don't know the # but it fits my piano.
this is a good item. I very like it. Thank you!
440 hz concert pitch.
In my research it looked similar, but I've never had a Hale hammer to compare it to directly. I suspect the Schaff would probably have better materials and a more accurate socket (mine was loose on the pin due to poor machining & rust), but hard to know for sure. The handle was solid. I'll probably go that route eventually.
Is it fixed? Bit of a typo on your question I think you missed the "d". If that is what you meant it does unscrew at the base of the sphere, however I have tuned 3 pianos from a 1923 baby grand Brambach to a 1963 Cable upright and it has work great on all of them. It's got a star shaped slot that is quasi-universal. It does telescope as well however if THATS what you meant. Hope I didn't sound too pretentious and I could help. The kit overall is great quality. The best for the money that I could find. If you are just starting out the only other thing you may want is a couple more wedge mutes (although they aren't really all that necessary). And a good book. "Piano Servicing, Tuning, and Rebuilding" by Arthur A. Reblitz is a fantastic resource with just about everything you need to know, then some. There are also great practice exercises for the beginning tuner.
It's a wooden handle. The whole set is great quality for the money, and have helped me (with a good book) tune my first two pianos, upright and a 1923 baby grand, with greater than expected success.
Wood with a black piano finish
I couldn't tell, as I only bought it to tune an old piano that I bought, It was fine for that. Sorry I could not be more helpful. Geoff
Hi Carlos, This product only come with white LEDs, the ADJ Sweeper Beam Quad comes with RGBW capability.
Carloz, no, it only has a warranty if used within the United States.
No, no Venezuela shipping.
Yes, we ship all products worldwide.
I am sorry, but this item cannot be shipped to Venezuela.
no
I don't think so.
I would say yes, in fact it might fit better than the full size one my son uses it for. It is pretty stable so a 7 year old should be able to manage just fine. I got it for the portability as my son travels so I do not know if there might be a better model for a stationery situation.
I can't imagine that it would work for an Ovation. As you can see, it is designed to fit flat against the essentially flat back of a guitar. I would think you would need to look for a stand that holds the guitar up at the headstock and the body hangs free.
When I purchased my stand, it was for only a youth guitar. I am not familiar with the size of electric guitars. The depth front to back with youth guitar allows for a second almost to fit. It is low to the ground. Not sure if that is an issue for you with connections and wires. I have not seen it be tipped over by a nearly 6 year old. It appears to have gray substance around the base which keeps it from sliding around.
Yes. But as I mentioned in my review, the stand is somewhat flimsy, so if the guitar has any real value, I'd recommend a sturdier stand (e.g. FretRest).
Yes, the stand base is adjustable but the guitar will have to be unplugged if it is an endpin jack. A top jack, like a strat, will likely be fine.
No there is no place to put the violin bow
I put my Big Muddy mandola on it and it just didn't seem very stable. I sent it right back.
It's small--maybe six inches across at the base when it's unfolded. And it folds up very compactly.
Can't say for sure...but I will say that this "stand" is dependent on the user to RESPONSIBLY place their instrument on it with much care to insure that it will remain upright. One cannot just "casually" place the mini-guitar/Uke, etc. on the stand without paying attention to the steady placement....it is not the best built stand on the market. For travel/motel use, it will suffice....for around the home, everyday use...no way !
Defiantly NOT ! The stand is not going to work for a "hurried placement" of the guitar...it is just too small and the user must position the guitar,(no matter the size), with care each time. It is too delicate for most any user...actually I don't care much for mine ! You will be better off with a "mid size" stand for use and perhaps adjust it to fit the smaller one. You can use pipe foam insulation available at Lowes and such to "add" to the grip of guitar stands....very simple...just cut to size and slide over the tubing...good luck !
These screw into a medium lamp socket, just like a standard light bulb. They are about 6 inches by 3 1/4 inches, bigger than a standard light bulb, so the screw-in base looks smaller in the picture than it is.
The bulb project simultaneous colors at time, but it does not change, only rotate. If it's only a color, contact with the seller.
Good question. Mostly it depends on you. The best advice I can give, though, is that you put it in a place where it's not covered. No, that wasn't sarcasm. For instance, most of the lights in my house are recessed cans. I can't put it in those as the only way I'd see anything from the bulb would be straight below. What I did was take a table lamp, put the bulb in there and then take off the shade. This allows the light to spread out and cover a full 180degree dome. It's awesome.
E27 is the standard socket size. However, E26 is only slightly smaller and fits in almost all E27 sockets. if you have a small, candelabra size, these are E12. So go E27 or E26 for a standard sized socket.
no it doesnt
I have only used it in a household lamp base at 110V, cannot comment on its use for 220V
More of a dance club lights then Christmassy!!
No reverse
It is right there in the product description - 3W.
I am not sure if it's designed for outdoors. I have it in my display window, which is indoors.
Yes. That was the easy part. However, it is a screw that secures the rotating plastic is what I was referring to in my review.
The widest part of the bulb is approx 3.25 inches diameter. The length of just the bulb is 3.75 inches. The size of the contact part that screws in is the size of a standard bulb. It does fit into a 4" can light.
the top spins, screw it back on
No, it does not. It shines spots of red, green, and blue.
I need the answer too
I have the XL-15 and it works great! I think the difference is that the XL-14 has audio/sound control. I think it moves automatically to the music. It doesn't look like there are setting on it so you would probably need to have it close to a speaker.
It's shipped from China
Yes u can just solder the connections real good
It's been a while since I bought it and no longer have it. I think it came with a pigtail that plugged in.
I couldn't figure it out either. Very disappointed with these. I ended up putting them in a garage sale, never used.
I have no idea to either question.
It is listed as water proof. Should be able to mount it.
no these lights are not good for direct sight,meaning they have to bounce off of something,they would blind other drivers!!Size of LED's,they are small squares with four points of LED's 3520 are smaller then 5050
They have two wires soldered on each end of the strip. You can add what ever length of wire to it to get to power.
In my opinion and with my experience using the little clamp down connectors they don't work good. Soldier is your best bet with these. The connectors for higher quality light work well but not on these.
Hello friend,Thanks for your message.The 5050 is 0.18 Watts 15lumens for one LED .Please advise.Any questions please feel free to contact us.Welcome to our shop.*please search in "Factory-Outlet" store .Thank you.Best Wishes,Emily
If you can plug them in like a guitar it will work...but they will not have any sounds designed for them...just sounds designed for electric guitar...
no that Amp. works only 110V. in case you need it to work with 240V, you can buy small converter that can convert 110V to 240V. i did this by the way.
It does
Fender does not provide a list of the artists who collaborated for the presets.
I don't know specifically about Blues Jr. but it keeps up with my Polytone Mini Brute which I use to play out.
Check out the Fender Rumble series, Best bang for your dollar
No
Absolutely no problem here. There are two knobs you can use to control volume, the volume control and the master control. What really disturbs the neighbors when it comes to music is actually the bass. Lots of people (ie kids) love to have the bass so that it vibrates the entire room, and this vibration can really carry ... especially if you're living in an apartment where there is someone living above or below you. This amp has lots of control and I think you would enjoy it immensely.
It only supports the one button foot switch. This allows you to switch between two presets. It is still awesome. I have my small laptop sitting next to me when playing and use the Fuse software which works great. I have a Morley vol-dis-wah pedal to control signal with foot. I upgraded the II speaker to an Eminence Tonker which is perfect. I took my Mustang III back because the II handed everything I needed and then some.
The sturdiness..how much can it hold? It is very good. I still use it in my home studio to hold my most valuable Yamaha!
You can sit and play comfortably
No, the note holder is not included. Its only the keyboard stand.
It does come with a gig bag, but it has no padding. I reccomend the Stagg STB10-C3. I have both if you would like to order them. BTW, I think the Cordoba Protege is the best bang for the buck in student level guitars. You can buy better ones, but not at this price point. Thanks!
Yes go for C1-3/4! My 10 years' old nephew loves it. I did research and found this one the best quality in the price range.
No, it is right-handed. Not sure whether they offer a left-handed version.
I do not quite understand your question. In my opinion, it is an excellent guitar, the sound and the look are pleasant to me, especially its size fits my short fingers pretty well.
it is very good size for 10-13 year olds, I like the quality and sound!
Yes, the seller will send you instructions on how to submit proof. You will need to create an account with ableton to register the product, then send them a photo copy of your student ID matching the information of your newly created account. Once ableton validates the information they will fully unlock you're copy of the software. If I remember correctly the process was completed within a 24hr period for me.
Both:)
Yes
Yes, it does.
Hi, Software of Ableton 9 Suite, which includes the software and sounds, and instruments. This is an educational version, so you need to provide proof of academic status, teacher or student. Thank you
During online registration.
You can use it on both...That is exactly what i do!from macbook to imac.
Yes, it does.
No there are not. There are not follow along songs and this is not a training keyboard. It is a piano replacement and the music that comes with it is not for beginners.
Yes, Yamaha YDP162 has 88 weighted key and same size of pedal unit includes sustain pedal as an acoustic piano. I hope this answers help you to make your decision.
It is OK for 110V but I did not check if it work at 220V.
Short answer: Putting the piano in front of an outlet would not be a problem at all. The piano looks best about an inch away from the wall anyways (not as appealing flush-up against it). Long answer: There is about 3/4" between back panel and the wall. If you have a base shoe moulding (at floor-wall juncture), then you would have 1 1/4th" at least. Also, the back panel you see is only a 1/4" thick panel material (and could easily be drilled, cut, etc. without compromising the piano at all), and it reaches 18 1/2" from the ground, leaving about 8" of clear space above that and below the key board console. It is a beautiful looking and playing piano. We have been much more than satisfied with it to say the least. Hope that is helpful.
In my opinion (as an "intermediate" player), this collection is for intermediate and advanced. For instance, while you have Beethoven's "Fur Elise," you also have Chopin's "Revolutionary" etude. The pieces are not edited to make them simpler, they are as written by the composer. The piano itself would be perfect for a beginner, though, and you could purchase a beginner album according to your taste in music.
3 yrs. Limited warranty
Both have: matte finish black keys, adjustable touch response, 3 piano style pedals, attached pedal frame, dual headphone jacks, dual voice, reverb/chorus, user song record, sliding key cover, 3 years parts and labor warranty if you purchase from a Yamaha dealer. The V240 has the rhythms many people like which are not on the 162b. Best, Andy's Music
Yilun, There are many sellers of the YDP162B on Amazon, some who are offering bundles. Make sure you read through the Title Line and Description in addition to looking at the picture. Best, Andy's Music
Yea it should be especially in a closed environment
11.6 x 14.8 x 17.1 inches ; 26.9 pounds. right there on amazon page for it
It does not come with a microphone. If you are just going to use it for speaking, then I would recommend the Samson Q4CL. This is perfect for speaking engagements, it projects your sound up to 150 feet. Thanks Maria.
The Alesis uses Bluetooth. That's all I can tell you.
I've been disappointed with this speaker. I like base as well and songs with good base really rattle this speaker. I would look elsewhere.
This is not a toy..It plays 45 hours on a charge and we use it as a pa in vfw hall
They are standard cords ... the same as any desktop PC for example.
I've never tried but it should work with anything bluetooth
Any lavalier or headset mic is compatible.
I'm not totally sure because I don't have either if those but it does have a microphone port and a guitar and/or second microphone port
I gave up trying, so I haven't checked in a while. I mostly use mine for live playing with Mainstage. But, I'd love to know the answer myself... Let me know!
I powered mine via my computer via USB. My axiom broke though, and I had to return it sadly.
The keyboard does not have sounds or effects built in. Its purpose is to control computer software that makes the sounds. It DOES come with software (Pro Tools Express), and it should have reverb, delay, distortion, and phaser. But again, this keyboard only works with a computer. Chances are, you're looking for a "workstation" or "synthesizer".
Yes it is! I use mine with Logic Pro. It may not automatically map to all DAWs. But it can be mapped manually to any of them! Just make sure you download the latest firmware to your computer. Remember, it's a basic midi controller! So it should work with any music software. Hope that helps you out!
I also bought one of these and noticed the same thing. Don't ask me why they don't come with one, it's honestly the most annoying thing, well kinda lol. But yes the M-Audio axiom air (any key) runs over 9v DC power. Amazon does sell power converters. So all you need to look for is a 9v DC power converter. A converter with to much voltage can fry your midi controller!
13.5 lbs. is about right. The casing is a hard plastic, but very lightweight! Great keyboard!
Preams are weak, but not so much. It depends, which microphones we use and is it close or far micing. I cannot say that those preamps are bad. They are weaken than some famous preamps but overall they are not bad. Hope it helps.
Theoretically, yes. I wouldn't recommend anyone buy this because mine stopped working after 2-3 weeks of minimal use. Find something better.
I'm not familiar with Behringer myself, but I've owned two M-Audio Interfaces: an earlier model which I gave to a friend (still working today) and then this M-Track2 Model. The quality in both product and recording is unsurpassable in the price range. M-Audio makes a solid product that is easy to use and (in my opinion) a very professional looking piece of equipment. I used Audacity, the M-Track2, and the MXL 770 Cardioid Condenser Microphone, to record some vocals and then imported the files into FL Studio. Without any effects or touch ups, the vocals came out clean, thick, and crisp. I use a pop filter too, but regardless, I love M-Audio products. Hope this helps some? Lol I go on rants and don't know if I actually say anything useful.
Yes it does. The laptop being used is new this year and has 8.1.
That's the defect. I've experienced this, as well. It's not fixable. Your only option is return it and get a replacement, which will probably do that as well. Focusrite makes great interfaces. Get one of those;)
The Behringer is actually a mixer and does a whole lot more. At this level the preamps are not much different. The M-Audio has midi. Long story short, if you don't need midi, go with the Behringer.
I use Adobe Audition and that can be achieved in the software. It has two inputs so I suppose you could run a prerecorded track into one input and the live vocal into the other, as well. Not sure why you would want to do it that way but it is possible.
Your microphone uses generic phantom power. Actually phantom voltage. The current draw of the mic is nearly zero and hence very low power. I use several different Audio Technical mics with phantom power and they work fine with this usb powered M-Audio adapter. It's a nice little unit that fits well in my laptop bag.
Yeah it should be able to. Although mine broke after a month of normal use.
Yes, that's what I run on my system:)
It's easy to use if you've used other MIDI controllers with your DAW before. The biggest thing that you'll have to learn is about mapping the individual knobs, sliders, and buttons to your DAW if you're not using Ignite which comes with it. Also getting around the HyperControl can be tricky, but Google and YouTube are your friend for that situation.
You only need te USB Cable. Provided with the controller
Hello Akhil. A, we can ship to India using USPS Global Express Mail (3 to 3 Business Days) for $349.00. Because of the size of the box, we cannot ship USPS Priority MaIL (6 to 10 BUSINESS DAYS) which would be less expensive. Please let me know what you decide. Andrews Bros. Recording 2035 Orchard Street Racine, WI 53405 (262) 632-9222 Pastor Rob Andrews
it belongs to my son and I don't have it in front of me, but I can tell you it is definitely not 22". More like 34" sounds right. It is large
Maybe some headphones for the noise and you're good to go
As someone previously noted , yes, you can use in/out cords from behind-which is definitely fine may be fine for live shows but leave you limited. Their are plenty of adapters out there for conversion to quarter jack (Line-In on both jacks). For recording direct to computer, use the cord that comes with the M-Audio mixer because converts right to USB(and is even recognized as a device for many studio programs and listed in the drop down menus that ask what your using for speaks, mic, etc.). This way you will allow you access to controls for gain, level, Master, analogue or digital, ability to allow each input to be recorded as either already studio mixed together by selecting stereo, selecting mono on a channel allows each thing plugged in record as single separate tracks to work more on after words with equalization, levels on sound so they can mix everything at the decibel level they want for each instrument and later pan the tracks as they wish to sound hearing back through something else like speakers or headphones, (I prefer line in the most because I can produce the instruments while hearing it turning the dial halfway to monitor and usb plugging in a good set of headphones. Doing thing this gives the chance to heare how the music you are playing will sound allowing you to make any adjustments or changes needed while hearing what the finished sound that goes to recording will exactly sound on the finished track). From there you can produce with confidence as you pretty much hear the take in real-time. Hope this helps-please let you let me know if you have any other questions. Thanks.
It is your choice if I am not mistaken. you choose the sound preferences on your laptop (I have a macbook pro). I am hooked up to monitors and headphones with a guitar and mic hooked in. I bought a usb hub to relieve congestion. hope this helps.
If you record a direct input (DI) track clean with no effects. then route the out to your distortion, delays etc and reamp that track you will have the most success. it will not matter what effects you use use as long as you have 1/4 or xlr inputs. you may want to consider some software plug ins for effects because of ease of use.
are you using the monitor mix knob to adjust?
Yes.... and backward to usb1 and forward compatible to 3... so it works!
Yes
I'm not sure I use ezdrummer2 with it I would imagine it would but not positive it's pretty easy to set up as well
Supports stereo recording and is compatible to win7
in the monitor mix button you send, direct or usb.. eso es bless
The M-Track Plus hardware works fine. The Dongle appears to be working. However, ProTools Express won't launch because the the dongle returns an Error stating that the dongle is missing from the USB Port even though it's actually plugged in. I did receive an Authorization Code with the Product, but I never received an "Activation Code." Perhaps they're one and the same thing. Nonetheless, I can't get the software to load. InMusic (Vendor) says I should have a ProTools Express Akai Professional/M-Audio Edition (2) key in my Ilok Manager upon completion of software Authorization. However, all I end up with is a ProTools Express Akai Professional/M-Audio Edition Primer key when it should show that I have both keys. I consulted InMusic Support about the problem. I waiting to hear back from them. I'm considering returning the product for a better product from Amazon that is hassle free if the problem isn't resolved in a timely fashion. I hope you indulge and support my decision should that happen. Thank you for your time and consideration. Sincerely.
Actually, this is an error on Amazon. It does not come with Pro Tools Express, it comes with Ableton Live Lite, and Ignition software. If you wanted to use EZdrummer, you should not have any problems.
Yes
It should work with any music software or DAW. Although I'm not sure if the "Hypercontrol" auto mapping will work with Magix Music Maker. You'll probably have to map controls manually if hypercontrol doesn't work! But aside from that. Everything should work fine! Hope this helped.
Click on this link to download the new drivers. http://community.m-audio.com/m-audio/topics/pro_tools_hypercontrol_driver_now_available_for_the_axiom_air_series
Fairly stiff. Not sure if they'll loosen up but def stiffer than previous gen axiom
The Axiom AIR is not officially supported as an iOS device but should work with the optional power supply and Apple branded USB camera connection kit.
yeah it does. M-Audio and Mac are well acquainted. however, this will not work entirely for Reason 7. you will be able to utilize all of the basic functions, but hypercontrol is NOT supported for this model in Reason 7. So you'll be banging away on the keys, pads, pitch wheel, and mod wheel only. this MAY be an issue only native to PC, which I still don't care about because I bought it for the pads & look lol. soundcloud.com/cloudscervin soundcloud.com/scervinscloud reverbnation.com/srvnbtz facebook.com/srvnbtz
I used it to house Yamaha 16 channels mixer MG16FX fitted perfectly
The unit comes in 2 pieces the wheel ass and the unit itself easy put together
No trays. It is a sold gig rack with a ton of space. You screw in on the sides your amps, drive rack, etc. Ive had mine for about 8 months and it is still solid and I'm not carefull at all. Hope this answeres your question. The only problem I had is one wheel didnt line up right so i just screwed it into the base.
Hi, It is a permanent opening. There is not a lid or door that covers it. Thanks for the question.
Yes, I have been using that exact board in this Seismic rack case for about 2 years and toured the US twice with it and no problems, except the crew trashing the casters and caster lock mechanisms - twice replaced now. Other than that it works perfectly.
The mixer can stay wired and the lid can go on. No need to de-wire.
Hi, We do ship world wide... You would need to email us at customerservice@seismicaudiospeakers.com with a full address so we can quote you shipping rates.
Yes it's a complete piece. You simply bolt the caster/plywood board assembly to the rack with 4 bolts. The casters themselves are just adequate, and needed to be re-tourqued weeks into a tour, as they were falling off. After a complete 2 month tour the crew managed to break off the locking part of the casters and the casters look like they will barely make the rest of the year. But I guess that could be somewhat expected for the price of the case.
definetly yes
Not; say 1000 watts bat only aut like 400 or less. and wend used with Blutooth it's more low
Probably not. It's not as loud
I am a professional DJ, have been for 10 years, and I was BLOWN AWAY by the sound quality. It's truly impressive for such a cheap speaker. I was expecting it to sound like crap, but bought it for the portability and other features, but it honestly sounds incredible, even at pretty high volumes.
Does sound good!
Yes, you can either connect it through bluetooth, a rca to 3.5 mm adapter or a 1/4 inch to 1/8 plug adapter and then plug a 1/4 inch plug into the adapter and then into your laptop headphone jack
Yes you can use your remote. Where it says MOD, then use the direction buttons or use the MOD button on the speaker to FM and use the direction bot tons to change the stations. I hope this helps!
Yes, I believe that would work out well. The speaker gives a LOT of coverage. We had someone in one room and people two rooms over (in a large restaurant/bar-type venue) and you could hear perfect with one speaker. Based on feedback I received, I would recommend putting them on the tripod for even better coverage.
Yes you can.
No you can not
I got upto 25 feet, but hard to connect sometimes
Yes it's through series with a Special cord.
No battery
I doubt it. The Bluetooth option is not the best feature on the speaker. It has a weak range and is not consistent.
Via bluetooth ive played music and had a mic connected and both worked fine. So you can have background music and voice over. Have yet to try and actual cablr in for music and mic at the same time. But I'll try it. I'm guessing it will work. I'll post a youtube review soon and title it pyle pro review.
Yes you can
Yes. The way I do it is that I connect an XLR female from the output of speaker A to the input of speaker B.
No, they all must be powered. I tried that at first and had to return the non-powered speaker. I bought a second powered speaker and they worked perfectly together. It's a little more expensive for the powered version but it was worth it for me.
Not working.
Well Jeffrey, I went through a pain in the ass time trying to get a replacement remote. I will just tell you, you will never get one from Pyle or Amazon. I am still trying to this day to get one or find one. Amazon returned half of the amount I paid for the speaker because that was the only solution they were able to come to. As far as tring to use a universal remote Amazon recommend as a solution...I have not found a universal remote that will work with the speaker. I even went as far as saying I would buy another speaker just to get another remote. I was told the speaker was discontinued and Amazon would no longer be carrying it. Long story short, I still do not have a remote. Pyle could care less about your sittuation. If I can find the phone number I will post it.
Depends on how long your speaker cable is
Depends on how much you plan to turn up the volume I think 1500 watt inverter would be enough also you might look at the ds18 brand speaker
I own a 12" that I use for DJing at home / small venues and it is amazing thinking on buying the 2nd to have the complete set. I works perfectly with the bluetooth feature and the sound is very good. Here are some recommendations regarding the different sizes, hopefully it helps with the decision. 8 inch Fine for speech 10 inch Fine for speech, background music and just vocals 12 inch Vocals, acoustic guitar, CD player, light keyboards, small/med venues 15 inch Anything else.... especially if you are mixing up the bass or kick drum, large venues
The bass is OK, it's not going to give the pounding feeling in your chest but they work quite well? I was very surprised on how well and far the music carried. If it's a pounding bass you need they are not the speakers for you, you would also need a sub. But I would recommend them. I have a dj friend who wants to borrow them if that tells you anything. Good luck.
Once connected, I've had no problems with the bluetooth. It has been somewhat finicky on the initial connection (sometimes requiring power down, slow connection, etc.), but has always worked.
with my Samsung galaxy tab 2.7 works good. and perfectly fit. if galaxy tab 3.7 is the same dimensions with tab 2.7 I think will fit too. even with my smartphone lg spirit the keyboard working good too using the word processor apps. hope you got an idea.
Don't think so. The "8" in question refers to screen size, so while the keyboard will work via Bluetooth, it will not fit into the case most likely.
You should be able to use it with any bluetooth device, but check to see if the dimensions are the same as the 2.0, to see if the case will fit. It fits great with my 2.0, and works with my Motorola M phone as well
Balanced / stereo: Assuming you will be using this mic on a camcorder IF you have your XLR connection recording on both channels (RT&LT) stereo. You can have it record on most camcorders via the XLR port only one channel too (mono).
Unfortunately it looks like the Sony CX220 does not have a microphone jack. So this microphone would not be compatible with the CX220.
The question is: can you connect the mic to the tablet ?
Thank you for your time. Please note that the 10.8" long mic can be used in conjunction with any camcorder, professional or amateur, and any video-capable DSLR / HD-DSLR. Therefore it is compatible with the D5200. Please feel free to contact us directly if you have any additional questions or concerns.
Hello Fursuit Yiff. I'm not sure. I tried to use it to do red carpet interviews and there was an incredible amount of feedback. I couldn't use any of my audio footage.
No, it is just an audio mic with attachment for a boom pole.
It is dual power - AA battery can stay in the tube while it runs off phantom power, or no battery and phantom power. Just be sure your board or recording gear can supply phantom power, and that you use a good quality XLR to XLR cable to connect. I've read reports of somewhat degraded quality when using XLR to unbalanced plug (1/4" phone for example), and that will not, of course, supply phantom power.
It has different pieces to make it fit to any camera..
Yes it does! Bought it specifically for it.
I use it on my 60D all the time, just make sure the battery is new and make sure that your camera has a headphone port (audio in/out, 3.5mm)
It's about 8 inches wide.
No
I think I did a three hour gig on batteries with no problem. Since then I just run it on the transformers to be safe. But I suspect they will go for much longer on batteries than I tried.
Dave: Neck is 11 1/2 inches long. I doubt if you'll find anything to clamp it to on a piano except the music holder.
It appears perfectly even to me. I have not noticed any spotting on my scores.
The batteries do not recharge while in the unit, they have to be removed and charged with your own charger.
never plugged it in...but I would guess not...
Not that I know of. It does have a small metal 'shield' that blocks light from projecting out to the audience, but no piece in front to reflect light back onto the sheet. That being said, I don't have any trouble with the disbursement of the light onto the page. I use binders at gigs and the light is bright enough for both pages.
I have not tried fresh new batteries in the light yet. the batteries that came with it are operating, but have weakened. I had the light on for about 10 hours before it weakened. I am sure some Duracell would do much better.
I have seen no mention of the color temp of the LEDs. I would describe them as cool to cold. To my 65 year old eyes, when lighting pages on bright whitepaper there is the slightest blue tint, but when lighting scores that have yellowed with age the light seems wash out the yellow and sharpen the notes. It makes both situations easier to read.
It has different things to press but you get the same sound to all of them I wouldn't waste money on it. I returned mine for a refund. I had a problem getting it from the seller BUT !! Amazon stepped in and refunded my money. This item is the most misleading item I've ever bought. BEWARE OF IT
yes you can hook up headphones to it got a pair for granddaughter to go with it
Yes
Yes it does, but I advise against buying it, its not a good quality music instrument. It is as cheap as its price. Trust me on this.
There is no book stand
It was made in China.
I don't know. I have only used it as a speaker's mic for presentations. Works well for that though.
Yes--You can set the channel or sync to a group that reads out easy to see.--------No ----The best way to do the Lav Mic and the Handheld is to buy the Combo BLX unit it works great both with there own Group settings-- We use it in our Chapel-- Works Great!!
Yes
That is correct.
I bought a cheap Zeikos case off Amazon for this. There is a page somewhere on the Shure support website that will tell you the frequencies that will avoid the TV channels in you area.
The models themselves are the same. The difference in lettering is based on the frequency programmed. See Shure's website to verify the best unit for you based on your geographic location and the primary location.
The mic transmitter has no mute switch. It can be powered off, but that may allow rf noise to get by the receiver's squelch. Best practice is to mute the channel on the mixer.
Thanks for your email. We (Dale Pro Audio) have this model in stock for immediate shipment: Shure BLX288/PG58 Wireless Vocal Combo with PG58 Handheld Microphones, M15 The link below shows all of the Shure BLX we currently have in stock as well: http://www.daleproaudio.com/nsearch.aspx?page=1&nav_search=1&refine=y&Aspnetdepartments=Shure+BLX+Wireless&&Instock2=Yes If you have any questions feel free to reply to this email or call us toll free at 888.462.7828. Best regards, Tim Brown | daleproaudio
No, it is only a two mic system. You will have to buy a whole other system for 4. If you have the money it is worth it.
I would say you need a monitor speaker, i.e. a speaker coming from your amplifier that points towards you, ora set of headphones that are pluged into your amplifier.
Hi' you can buy a mackie srm 1000w and you dont need that michrophone you can buy a samson' the shure mic is for sing
If you are using multiple ones then they may be interfering with each other....try switching the channels on both the receiving decks and the headsets (each set is on a different channel to match the receiving deck). I use mine at a gym and whenever there is interference this usually clears it up for me.
Yes, you need to plug the receiver into a compatible music system. It accepts standard XLR microphone cables, however, so it should not be difficult to plug it into the mixboard.
You can only use 1 mic at time on this system.
Yes you will need to plug it into a speaker
The frequency only makes a difference if you plan to use this in tandem with another system. For me I chose the frequency that my club used but as a stand alone it doesn't matter. They are all the same size. The headset is a little flimsy but I have had no issues with it and it works perfectly...A very sound investment for me.
No, it simply provides a single to a sound device you plug the receiver into via either 1/4in TSR or 3pin XLR connection. You could record from the device you plug into, depending what it is.
Yes
What do u mean by waterproof? If youre asking me if U can go underwater with it I wouldnt recommend it, but definately the head band can take sweat no problem.
No, it doesn't come with rechargeable batteries. You use normal batteries. I think is better because you can have a couple of backup batteries
Yes
It has an adapter that drops it to 9 volts I thinks. It doesn't use 110 or 220 as its input, its reduced down.
The lavalier pack must be on the same frequency band as the receivcer, i.e., "A", "G", "H", etc. Sets up same as hand-held.
Yes
This Shure BLX228/PG58 is US version. but it indicated 110-240V on the AC adapter
No.. the cords do not come. Those will have to be purchased separately. You have a choice of XLR or 1/4 Inch.
With these it will auto choose the best frequency. Just have to scan.
K8 - most recommended good in most areas in U.S. J10 K12 M13 Please let us know if you have other questions.
They are made in China.
Yes - two separate channels in one box - a great mic system
Sorry I have no idea.
Yes: http://www.shure.com/americas/legal/warranty
Yes
Yes. The Adapter works fine internationally
I haven't try to connect 4 because there is only two plugs in the back and it only come setup to hold 2 .and also it does not bring any cables .only the power cord for the unit.
No, they don't pop just by turning them on and off. Disclaimers. It doesn't mean equipment you have between the receiver and the final output device might not cause issues. It also doesn't mean that the settings might not initially cause feedback.
Thank you for your email. We have (5) units available and Amazon will ship to Puerto Rico for free. Regards, Tim Brown | daleproaudio
you Would Have To Contact Sure On That But I Was Told They Need To Match
H8, J10, K12, M15 are IDs of different frequency sets. These IDs help you avoid buying two of the same frequency set. However, you can use two of H8 sets since each H8 will have 1-to-12 different freqs. Set H8-A will use freq 1 & 2 and H8-B will use 3&4 etc...
I use a MacBook Pro with i7 2.3 GHZ processor and 8GB of RAM. I use it as a plug-in with Pro Tools and rarely have any problems or freezes. NI recommends at least an Intel Core 2 Duo processor and at least 4GB of RAM.
If you buy komplete 9 new, it's the full version with serials. Not just a demo. You can expect to pay around $500 for the full version. Komplete 10 has also been released...
Correct...no demos all full versions of plugins
An instrument is the software (i.e. Massive, The Giant, etc.). A sound is the 'patch' or 'voice' produced by the software instrument (i.e. violin, guitar, etc.). A sample is a recording of an original sound, which is modified for use (by looping it's beginning to its ending, and transposing it across the range of the keyboard). A sound can have numerous samples inside of it, all played by an instrument. I highly recommend Komplete 9, or anything NI creates. They are geniuses!
I installed on Mavericks and later upgraded to Yosemite... Everything appears to be working correctly. That is one data point.
No you dont
This is the FULL version of Komplete, not an upgrade price. Komplete Ultimate (which contains more virtual instruments) is a higher price.
I have not used previous versions of this software; however, IMO, Native Instruments provides some top of the line synths for producing electronic music. I am currently producing Hardstyle, and Komplete 9 provides Absynth, FM8, Battery (one of the best samplers I have used so far, because you have the option of loading several samples into the instrument to create quick and easy sequences that you can assign MIDI notes to in your DAW), and Massive etc etc. Well worth the money; however, do try and purchase the Ultimate Komplete 9 (I regret not doing this in the first place).
This can be used for any type of music in any genre. But yes I use it for trap/dirty south all the time. Since trap music is based a lot around synthesizers, this fits perfectly into that category. You have the massive and fm synths. And you have absynth for for all your Drake style pad sounds. And the battery drum vst is a beast. To top it off you have everything to create dance/club style hip hop also. Komplete has been and will always be the Swiss Army knife of bedroom and studio producers. I highly reccomend this.
Yes they are
600 super bright leds. Lights up as bright as a good floodlight.You can't look straight at them. I am using it as a fishing light with no outercase they are waterproof.
No. I wrap it around a pipe and put it about a foot under water. Lights uup s good 8 feet on one side and light up 6 feet on the other but not as brite. Attracts alit of bait fish.
There is no kit to purchase... You do need to have your tools tho if you are trying to cut different pieces but if you want to use as one piece you can connect directly to a 12 volt battery with alligator clamps if you wish
Look at the copper strip right past the out section. You will probably find a break, solder it together, and use outdoor silicone to seal.
I installed an on/off switch w/a fuse to act as a circuit breaker in case of a short anytime so I can use them when I want & I've never had a problem with battery drainage.
I can't say what is best I. Your circumstance. The lights are a half circle with adhesive on the flat side. The adhesive isn't the best to use around water or anything in motion as the lights can separate from the surface they are adhered to. I did mount the lights in my live well; I mounted them to the horizontal side and went over he top with clear Duct Tape. They have done quite well. I left the tape about 3/4 to 1 inch beyond the lights themselves.
They are junk DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY.
I used speaker wire light gets dimmer after halfway unless you attach wires to opposite end. But still bright enough to hurt yoir eyes if you stare at it.
Might be tight it's about a 1/4" use a 1 3/4" to wrap it with You'll have a little play in there but the lights have a good rubber coating around them. I use a underwater led fishing light don't know how this will work compared to one that's already made for it. Good luck it might work just don't how u will make it sink besides connections corroding etc.
No they must be laid flat and not bent mine broke right away was not pleased at all with the product
Yes
Its a Yamaha P35b. i bought this for my 10 year old daughter and remain exceedingly happy. Please consult the yamaha website where you can get the owners manual.
Yes
When I purchased this package back in August, I received a dust cover. It looks like in the photo, they have one shown below the earphones. Enjoy!
He should have no problem reaching the piano with his feet on the ground. The seat as well ashamed e piano stand are adjustable to fit the user! I hope this helps!
Yes, there is a black music sheet stand which you can attach at the head of the keyboard.
there are 3 levels that you can adjust. It really fits the stand
No, This One comes it looks in the photo. Only thing to assemble is the bench a 3 min task!!
it just has the most basic features of a piano. It doesnt have memory or other types of storage. You can record it by the headphone output or MIDI output in a computer!
It comes with a stand attached to the top of the keyboard.
big
You can use it without power adaptor if you plug it to computer using USB cable to control your software synth in your computer. It is just a MIDI controller therefore it does not have any built in Sounds. You can also use MIDI cable to trigger your external MIDI sound modules. You may need power for that purpose. I tried using it to control external midi devices without power adapter. As long as it is plugged in to computer using USB cable, it works for me.
The keyboard you bought, doesn't produce sound of it's own. You will need a software and the one I personally use is synthesia.
It won't do anything. It needs some sort of program running to make noise. MIDI controllers like this are just buttons in the shape of a keyboard that tell your computer what to do. There are some free plugins/programs you could can use for piano sounds or synths. I use Alicia's Key's by Native Instruments, but that costs money (but it's worth it imo). You can use a laptop or even a tablet with the right adapters if you have those. In short, the keyboard itself doesn't make any noise without other software.
Basically mean the same thing. Most keyboards will play louder/softer depending on how hard you press the key. This is done by measuring the speed at which the key moves to the bottom. The faster the speed, the louder the volume. This is all part of MIDI technology. Some keyboards also have a simulated piano touch meaning the mechanical feel of a piano key is imitated on the keyboard. This makes the keyboard heavier due to more components in the key system. This Alesis keyboard does not have piano touch, but rather a simple spring action and thus is lighter instrument to transport. hope that helps.
AVID Sibelius Musition 4
You should be alright with GarageBand
i would assume so. This keyboard was used with a notebook running Windows 7 and it responded to MIDI messages.
I honestly can't remember if it came with an included usb cable but i suppose it does (i have several spare cables so i can't remember what cable i used when i unboxed this keyboard). On the other hand, i am pretty sure that it didn't come with included software, and the good news is that this keyboard is compatible with any kind of software that supports midi. Also remember that modern operating systems support midi out of the box so you just have to connect this via USB and you are ready to go. I use is with Mac and for me garageband has been enough. I've read that it also works well under windows with any software that supports midi connectivity like sonar, reason, etc. Anyway, in case it includes any cd with software, you can bet that you would prefer to use another and more professional software (most of the times included software isn't the best).
Annamrie, i don't think it will work on your Android table or any other tablet. The Alesis Q88 doesn't come with speaker. You will need a laptop to connect. It comes with its software program. I tried many times to connect it with my laptop even with its program downloaded on my laptop it didn't make any sound not even through the computer. I thought that my computer had problem so I bought separated speaker or sound system and it still didn't work. I returned it and got something less complicated. I bought something else instead. It came with speakers and easy to turn on without complications. I would suggest you to buy something that comes with speakers and easy to connect or turn on. I hope my answer helps you.
It has plenty features even more when you use the software. It is loud!!! Don't be fooled by the modest price. It can compete with higher priced amps.
I had to research the Peavy before answering. To get anywhere near the performance and options of the Fender Mustang I V2 20 watt, you have to go with the much more expensive Peavy 100 Watt Vypyr 3. Even then, with the Peavy you are stuck with the built in options. With Fenders FUSE software, you can change this amp a thousand different ways using just your computer, a USB cable and the fender FUSE software. Plus you can download beats and backgrounds to play along with, which you can't do with Peavy. So either this Fender or the Peavy 3 100 watt for a lot more money. (And even then, with the Peavy you have to buy the optional pedals to get any decent sound from the video on the site I watched).
No, it doesn't come with a guitar chord. You will have to purchase that separately.
I believe it is 20 watts RMS. Hope this helps.
Yes. You can plug your phone or mp3 player into the jack and play along with it.
No, it cannot, I have no suggestions, purchased as a gift for my grandson.
8" (from here: http://www.fender.com/series/mustang/mustang-i-v2-120v/)
Definitively, yes. This amp will receive signal from anything with a 1/4" line out. But, the better question is will lap steel sound good with this amp, and that all depends on the style of your playing, the guitar itself, etc. I'm sure that if you did some tinkering with the presets, you could find an acceptable sound. I'm no expert on lap steel guitars, but I don't think that they're usually heavily distorted, so this shouldn't be too bad for it.
Hi, A hum is typically a ground issue resulting from a wiring problem with the outlet into which you've plugged the amp. It could also involve any effect pedal you're using. The amp itself should be dead quiet unless you're playing--it's a digital device, and a hum is analog. Unless the amp is defective, it's likely that a hum comes from somewhere else in the signal chain. You might try plugging the amp into an different outlet or power strip, trying your guitar through a different amp at a music store, or trying another guitar through your amp. This is a good amp and Fender wants you to be happy with it. Don't be shy about switching things around to isolate the problem, or asking for repair/replacement if the amp is found to be defective.
it depends on the other equipment, keep in mind this is a 20 watt amp with an internal speaker. If you have other guitars using 120w amps with speaker columns cranked all the way up... then NO.
Yes. There are two ways to distinguish between the version 1 and version 2 Mustang. The first, and most easily observed, is that the name is behind the control knobs, and is italicized; the second is that the covering on the version 1 has a carbon-fibre look, as opposed to the traditional tolex of the version 2.
From the manual: Two-Button Footswitch (Part#0080997000) Connect a 2-button footswitch to your Mustang amplifier (included with the Mustang III, optional equipment for the Mustang IV & V) to enable remote multi-function foot control. Use the Utility menus to assign one of the following functions to the 2-button footswitch: * Select presets (up/down) * Select Quick Access presets (QA1/QA2) * Bypass effects (various combinations) * Set TAP interval It can be handy if you normally use a particular preset (or two). Just click the foot switch to go straight to them after you choose them for Quick Access. When you first turn on the Amp, it defaults to preset number 00, so with the foot switch you can start playing without having to find the preset you normally use.
No looper. But I didn't let that stop me because its an awesome amp. I can play along with youtubes all day or download backing tracks and presets from the fender fuse site. Peavey makes you buy a footswitch (120.00) to activate the internal looper.
My son has a mustang 1 and it sounds great but the 3 is much better I play at a large church and have no problem keeping up with the band this amp is a must .
This amp has tremelo and any other effect you can think of. It is a very good amp for the money.
You could , but I would not recommend it. Thanks Raymond.
no , one of the only downsides. Does have stereo out to a PA.
A dynamic microphone with a quarter inch plug will be heard through this amp, yes. Because this is a modeling amp, you would get better sound through an amp with less bells and wistles, if you were, (an acoustic guitar amp)
There's an effects loop on the back. Comes with 2 button foot switch or you can purchase a 4 button , both can be programmed for the built in effects. You would have a ton of options. You could use your ME for modulation and delay effects and set the amp on which modeling amp suits your needs like marshall, vox, fender etc. But if it was me and I really liked the sound of my ME I might spend more and get a non modeling amp. SS or tube. I like my mustang 3 cause its light and just plug it in. No pedals or even a foot switch , I have the first 10 patches set up for my style and its just a quick turn of the knob. That is not ideal for gigging but for me at home or jamming with friends its just fine.
No, not at all. All its presets are intended for guitar only.
yes it can be any sound its a controller has no built in sounds of its own
Hi I get a measurement of about 2.4 inches for the height of the keyboard without the knobs. The height with the knobs is about 3 inches.
Thank you for the question 9.6 x 2.4 x 18.1 inches ; 5.3 pounds Thank you very much. ABC STORES JAPAN
Hi randy , I do not remember by heart , I will open it up tomorrow morning and let you know. , or you might want to just google the dimension Cheers Mike
One of my guitar's is an Ovation and it rest securely on this stand.
YES
yes, it will fit a regular size ovation just fine.
I doubt it...I just looked up that guitar and the bottom doesn't look like it will work. I have a Baby Taylor acoustic and it works ok
a uke from tenor size on up should fit easily. a taropatch (very small) uke would not fit.
I have my classical guitar on this stand on think carpet with no issues so far
I think it would be OK but I'd be more concerned with the stability. It's not the sturdiest stand ever. However, for a quick prop up (for travel or short periods of time) it should be OK. I would invest in a taller stand (that secures the neck too) if you plan on keeping it in there for awhile.
yes no problem. arms are narrow enough. you can set your guitar down at different depths in the arms too. they are soft coated and hold well. back/neck of guitar rest on soft pad at top of tripod. in short it can handle most any type of guitar or banjo.
No, it does not.
Good question, please provide the size in inches to check and reply accordingly
yes definitely
I wouldn't say it's overkill but I don't think it's the right tool for the job. The mic is permanently attached to the base which means that it has to sit on the desktop. Probably in front of your keyboard. You also have to pay attention to your position in front of the mic. It seems to reject off axis sound better than most condensers which is good for recording but may not be so great for gaming.
YES, there is a switch in the lower part of the back of the base which can be moved to 3 different positions. One is for a close instrument or vocals, another for distant sounds and the OMNI position is for 360 degrees pick up which is the one you would use. It a great mic with one flaw there is a MUTE button on the bottom of the lower front stem which can be easily pushed when moving it, however there is a constant small light around the ring of the base when it's on and if it goes on MUTE that light will BLINK. Another good feature is the Head phone hook up in the back so you can plug in the Head phones and still have Nessie as your IN and your OUT. KOH Joey B
I don't have a PS4 to test it with to know for sure... But from my web searches it looks like the PS4 does support USB microphones just fine. The only caveat is that sometimes it seems to detect some USB mics as headphones in which case you should be able to use the headphone out jack found on the back of the NESSIE. Hope that helps.
I don't know from experience but from my 3 months of using it so far... I would imagine so (I have used it in many different locations and different types of desks)... I would also recommend putting a big thick book on your wooden table and than the microphone on top of that.
Yes it does.
No you don't need software . It is a great microphone.
I see no problems. It connects with a USB cable and the computer has no problem recognizing it. Plug a headset into it and the system also recognizes the headset.
It's because power can still be pulled from the USB port even when your pc is off, similar to how you can charge your phone when your computers off. I simply unplug the cable from my nessie when I'm not using it.
The first thing to check is the setting you are using the mic on. Make sure you have tried all settings. Second thing is to remember that fan noise can be transmitted through the surface the mic is sitting on. If your computer and your mic are on the same desk, this could be an issue. The remedy is to put some type of foam or rubber pad between your computer and the desk.
Here is a link to a tutorial on you tube...it shows the 2 button and the 4 button...I hope this will help... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GeAkT9J2NK4
Yes
Yes on the foot switch. Should work with Vista but you really should upgrade!
Nope.......120 only
I'm not sure. This is the amp my son wanted for Christmas.
Hello, I would suggest the Blackstar ID30 or ID60 for a little more power , and much more ideal for the type of music and sound you are looking to get. You can give the store a call if you wanted to order one of those 856-384-2725
Yes it comes with a 4 button switch. And can you clarify your second question?
Funny you should ask this. I have a kala tenor 4 string and a Lanikai 8 string tenor. When I played my recently aquired Willie K I realized the neck was wider than my 4 string. But it turned out to be the exact width as my 8 string. Hopefully you can easily to it. In my case, I started playing on a classical guitar, so to me any ukulele neck feels small. But if not, you could at least get an aquia Red Low G string for your uke to try out for the sound. Still, the willie k gives one the advantage of both low & hi G strings, at the extra width of 1/4 inch. with a 1/4th inch difference in width.
This a very nice uke for the money. I am a big Willie K fan and liked the fifth string concept. Neck does not seem any bigger than any of my other tenor ukes. But a tenor in general has a bigger neck. The uke does have a thick body. Overall I like the uke and it has good action.
Yes, it includes a beautiful Oscar Schmidt case. We have the OUWK100 in stock right now.
$71.80 with us mail
Laminate koa instrument, slightly wider than standard... Plays well, sounds incredible! Hope it helps
This is a Tenor Ukulele. Amazon's catalog is incorrect. Thank you!
Hello there! Yes, this one does ship with a case.
Yes.. a midi cable that plugs into the back of the amp.
Defaults to volume or with a toe-click it can adjust wah or pitch shift. The 2nd mode defaults to wah and only does pitch shift when that mode is selected on the amp. It can not adjust any other setting ranges.
They can be controlled from the amp. The pedal adds functions not available on the amp by itself. Go to the Peavey website they have demos.
I had both the black one and the silver one....both are the same. Depends on what color you want. The silver one is the first edition...so you might be able to get a better deal. I liked the black one because it matched every thing I had better. Both operates exactly the same. Be aware you will need to adjust the pedal switch to operate correctly on either one. See YouTube
No further power needed and no hums/noises of any kind. Just connect to the amp and you're good to go. This with my vypyr 30.I presume the other models would behave the same
Yes, the controller would be at the beginning of the 1st strip: (controller)-(strip_1)-(amp_1)-(strip_2)-(amp_2)-(strip_3)..(amp_n-1)-(strip_n). The controller and each of the amplifiers need to be connected to their power sources.
Mode 1: Default no light; flashes a different color each time a beat is detected. Mode 2: Default no light; flashes the same color (user selectable) each time a beat is detected. Mode 3: Default on; changes to a different color each time a beat is detected.
yes you can have one color
I have 3 1/2 strings on this controller and it works just fine.
yes
yeah you can hook them up direct no it shouldn't damage the lights
They are bridged, both strips will stay in sync.
No
No, it needs a 12 volt supply to power it that does NOT come with it. The power supplies are pretty inexpensive and easy to find
Yes. Just hook and HDMI cable to it. I have a Visio TV too. However, the player... It has an excellent menu system. It plays everything, but I is built "lightweight". Nothing has broken, but I always feel it could w/o adult supervision.
Diana, the only thing I can tell you is that the Martin Ranger can play and record to a USB thumb drive or an SD card. You can record songs that you sing using the Ranger in the MP3 mode and play it back on your Ipod or Ipad. Go to Martin Ranger.com and ask them.In order to play and have graphics they have to be in MP3+G. Jim
Yes
Yes you can hook it up to an older tv and hear both music and voice . The record function is great !
I really don't know. We have only bought the karaoke CDs.
Yes, for sure!
This unit does not come with a hard disk. You will need to connect a memory card or USB hard drive to record. Hope i answered your question.
No. It is not amplified. It is basically a HD DVD and CD-G player for a rack system. Great unit.
I got mine at Amazon and it is great
The USB is not really for playing karaoke songs even though it sounds like it is. It is possible to play them through the USB but they show up in random order and there is no way to sort them numerically or alphabetically. If you burn the files to DVD and number them 0001, 0002, then they will play in order. The USB is for recording yourself singing along with the device. As for karaoke songs, you are limited to 2000 files, so 1000 songs + 1000 lyric files. I burn mine to a DVD and it works great. awesome machine for home fun, but a little tricky at first. Customer support is terrible.
no it does not work for regular paper..just for card stock and plastics to make guitar picks
Had mine about 6 months or so. Still cuts is clean it ever did.
Currently there is only one shape pick maker on the market. They all make the standard pick size. We are currently designing a model which will have several "template plates" available which will offer a variety of pick shapes. We do not have a date yet for when this will be available as we are still in the design phase. But something to look forward to!
Hubby says they work well and the edges are just fine ( maybe not as smooth as manufacturer) but a great way to make your own unique picks at any time ~~~
I just use a cordless drill with a bit large enough for your jump ring. Think mine is 1/16".
3 or 4
I bought Pick a Palooza cause it looked sturdier than Pick Punch
it does not cut effectively through a CD, I just tried it.
Yes just one size in diameter. But thickness just all depends on what material you use.
They are one inch picks.
Yes, power cord is included.
Yes, it does. It has a kind of built-in speaker.
Yes, it comes with a book rest
yes
It good
It comes in the original P35B box with the extras stuffed in (check out product id B009CN8WZ6). Amazon says it's 58.2 x 16.1 x 11.8 inches.
No
any headphone will work as long as you have a 3.5mm Jack to 1/4" Stereo plug adapter. (about $2)
It's dimensions are about 52" along it's longest side, 11.5" from front to back, and 6" in depth.
No. Also it is really too tall for my short legs. It is more for if you wish to stand while playing.
Not at all. It seems to only fit a traditional size microphone. The yeti is too thick.
No, this shockmount only fits up to 50mm condenser mics. The AT2020 condenser microphone is 52 mm. Too big. I imagine you could possibly shove it in, but I would avoid the risk and find a slightly larger shockmount that could fit at least up to 52 mm.
I make it 5/8", which is pretty standard for mic stands, and the item includes an insert that reduces the diameter to 3/8". It's actually the insert that is golden, and you remove it to attach to a standard connector.
Yes, mine was 50mm and I had to force it in
I wouldn't recommend it. I most recently got an AT2020 with a slightly less body width dimension; and it's a struggle, so much so that the padding is peeling after the first use. So if your going to put one mic in there and leave it, you can bet that it will be secure as long as they wedge in there. But if you plan on switching out mics or repeatedly tear down and assemble your setup, then the best bet is to find another mount.
Its metal. With a powder coat
Yes I have that set up right now
Yes it will.
Yes
According to MXL's website, that mic is 47mm and this supports up to 50mm mics, so I would have to yes it'll fit. My mic is 50mm and it's extremely tight.
Yes it does !
It is a download link where the actual program is downloaded and there you can choose Mac or widows so yes it good for both
No it doesn't require an MBox. Pro Tools 11 will work with most interfaces, and you can find a list of compatible ones on the Avid website. Also, you don't need to have the interface connected for Pro Tools to open...which means that you can work on your mixes without having to be tied down to your interface.
No, you cannot purchase the Student Edition if you are a teacher. Instead, you should purchase the Teacher Edition. It is identical, but the proof of academic status requirements are different. With the Student Edition if you cannot provide proof that you are a student, Avid will not activate it. Instead, you should purchase the Teacher Edition and then provide proof to Avid that you are a teacher. As an authorized Avid reseller, I can assure you that Avid will not activate the Student Edition if you are a teacher, despite the other answers to this question.
I don't know. But most probably it won't.
No. only stock plugins are included
You can use both. I use my ilok on my laptop and also on the computers at my schools audio lab without an issue.
Yes. Check your Mac version with avids website. Some updates aren't Mac certified yet, but will most likely work.
no, just need a college ID.
It is the actual full version of Pro Tools version 11. My daughter had earlier version that would not upgrade to ver. 11, so she needed the stand alone version. She is very happy with it, and got it at a reduced rate. Hope this helps.
Works just great.
Yes!!!
No issues. It will improve the audio immensely. Experiment on whether to use setting 1, 2, or 3 for mic level in camera will suit your needs. I go to the zoom h1 for recording but you can go to the camera direct.
It is not the stereo mic it records the same. Rhode does make a stereo mic as well.
I'm using the 10' extension cord that Rode sells. That's about as far as you can go without using XLR cables. Then I use a Mic stand that suspends the mic above the subject. A mic clamp is needed to clamp the mic to the stand.
You can use it both ways
Yes - that is what I use it with. Any camera with Mic In will work with it.
Panasonic yes, blackmagic you need L-bracket
You could maybe mount it upside down Where you would attach flip to tripod It's the same thread pattern
It does not come with a battery
If your asking do they work the same way then yes it is, but they are a different brand. I do not own the pick punch but i do own the pick cutter and it works great making perfect shaped picks every time with smooth edges.
It includes the 4 plastic strips shown in the photo...though at one time the company included a coupon for a bonus set for free, not sure if that promotion is still going on.
Yes, if you flip it over. It is made like a stapler. On the bottom, where the pick pops out, you can see what will show up on the pick.
www . sdplastics . com / nylon . html
I just did a test cut on a standard piece of paper and it did a decent clean cut - just a little shaggy on one edge which could be easier cleaned up.
I can't remember if it comes in a box or not because I bought it months ago but it is tge coolest gift. My husband loves it!
Standard credit card/gift cards are 0.77 mm thick, ID card (CA) was about 0.75 mm, store rewards card (CVS) was 0.73 mm, Clipper card was 0.84 mm. I just took a pair of calipers to the cards in my wallet. I don't have the product so I can't tell you what the max it will cut. Hope this helps give a frame of reference.
Yes
I am sorry bit I have not been able to hear a Roland Juno Gi so I can't comment.
yes you can use the effects that come in the keyboard, they have five videos posted on korgs website and one of them covers the process of recording your voice,adding it to a son g, adjusting levels and effects.
Unfortunately no. But that is why this is such a light and portable keyboard.
I have but i checked it it could fit in the overhead but u would have to be there first and then monitor that no one crunches it
Thank you for your inquiry. How is this? http://www.amazon.com/Korg-PS3-Single-Momentary-Footswitch/dp/B0043U7HDG/ref=sr_1_2?m=A2AL8GMVUH7UY8&s=merchant-items&ie=UTF8&qid=1389516842&sr=1-2 Please consider this. Thank you. japan cute shop
Yes
It's not expandable but the human memory is virtually limitless. Embrace the ephemerality of your sequences until we reach the singularity.
Absolutely. Another way would be to send it to a mixer, which is what I do, since I also have a Monotribe and a VolcaBeats running as well. Those go to the interface, then to the DAW. Those provide plenty of options for boosting the signal. One note about the jack: it sends a mono signal so make sure you switch your interface over to mono as well.
If you were to do some real tweaking at it maybe you could get some like a bass but really you would prolly wanna invest in the VolcaBass
I feel the korg volca specialises in hip hop beats.
Search Amazon or a popular online auction site for a "Volca Beats ac adapter". I got mine for $8 I think.
If you just want a rhythm backing for country, there are other products which would be good for that. This is not a good choice for country music. Its good for techno or hip-hop.
Yes
Not with this unit, but they do have a Volca Sample now!
Yes, you can.
Hello Yes Original Shure Wireless Mic Clip from 8thstreet Music, Thanks!
Mohammad - One transmitter per receiver. Get back if we can help, Hugh 800-806-7774
BLXR has rack ears and a better body
yes it does, if you need the rack mount it is the way to go
I don't recall it coming with a case. If any, it would have been a soft zipper case for the mic only. The mic got added to the case with the other mics for the band's use.
You would need a powered speaker that has a mic input. We sell several different kinds, that vary in price. Thanks Robert.
Shure's limited warranty is 1 year. For more information please follow this link: http://www.shure.com/americas/legal/warranty
There rack mount gear included to put this into a rack and to relocate the antenna. Of course one must have a rack to put this in if doing so.
thank you for your email Artemio. We offer this system with two microphones on our website, and you can use your Amazon payments account to pay: http://www.daleproaudio.com/p-19691-shure-blx288pg58-dual-handheld-wireless-system-2-pg58-m15-band.aspx If you have any other questions feel free to email me directly at timbrown@daleproaudio.com or call toll free 888.462.7828. Best regards, Tim Brown | daleproaudio
No it's ac only no off switch
You can do either. I have mine mounted to the ceiling, shining on the floor. The kids like dancing on the lights and I don't have to worry about keeping the cord out of the way.
Probably only by unplugging it. I haven't seen any other way.
Oh yea &#128076;
No
Dude it would be perfect ! It's spins pretty fast though so it would make for a truly vibe
It says ac 85 - 260 volts
It should work great, I just tried it with 3 windows and a doorwall all open and you could still see it.
I dont believe so. Its rotation to determined by the electric motor. You would have to modify and/or add resistance to the circuit (I dont recommend )
It comes with a little tripod and the ability to attach to a larger tripod. Very bright, fun light. Amazing for the price
Directly you cannot plug a MIDI keyboard to this. This is purely audio interface without direct MIDI In/Out. You can use it with DAW. NOw if you want to use MIDI Key board then if your keyboard has USB MIDI I/O you have to connect it to your laptop/desktop. Your MIDI will be available in DAW or other MIDI enabled program. If your keyboard has only 5-pin MIDI IN/OUT then you have to get a USB-MIDI interface or a MIDI/IO Card for desktop. If you want more clarification please reply. Thanks.
No, it will cost $199.00 to upgrade to to 11, but the upgrade to 11 includes a free upgrade to 12 when it is released.
Yes, no reason why it would not.
Yes
Yes, I personally use this interface with Audition and can testify it works and is supported.
im using it with Logic Pro X and it works fine...
Im using with Logic Pro X, so i belive it works with 9 too...
I'm sorry but I had just set up for wondows pc, and I think that this fast track doesn't work with mac pc..
No
Yes
Hello from Tuner On Guitar, Yes it will tune a 12 string guitar when you use the Chromatic mode. Thanks Tuner On Guitar
The tuner should work fine on the lap steel any thing with strings that vibrate
Yes. It is suitable for acoustic and electric guitars, ukulele, and violin.
The menu has the following list of instruments that it will work on...Guitar, Bass, Violin, Ukulele, Chromatic.
I've had mine for a few months and have never changed the battery. There are no signs of power loss either. You just have to turn it off when you're not using it. It uses a round watch type battery that comes with the tuner. I like mine. Not as accurate as a tuner app that I have but great for quick, ballpark tuning!
Folded, it's about 1 x 1.5 x 2 inches. I can hold it completely inside my fist with nothing showing. Unfolded to attach to a guitar, it's at most 2.5 x 2.5 inches. (Still an inch wide.)
Yes, it does work on your Bass. Lester
I don't remember, but it was very easy to figure out.....
No
yes
It's a MIDI controller. Midi controllers allow a person to interact with music software to play notes, execute commands, and perform live. Look up "Launchpad Performance" on YouTube and you'll see what it can do, but it NEEDS a computer/iPad(there is an app) and software to do anything. It does absolutely nothing on its own.
Yes, it will. However, it doesn't make any sort of sound on it's own, it needs a Digital Audio Workstation like Ableton Live, FL Studio, Cubase, etc. But it is "class-compliant" meaning it works out of the box!
It does work for Mac. Anything that is a "class-compliant MIDI controller" will work for any computer operating system as long as there are USB ports. I use it on my 2012 iMac with Logic Pro 9 sometimes. This device was not designed to be used with Logic, but there are programs to use it with on Mac. It was originally designed for use with Ableton, and that program has a Mac version. It cannot make sounds at all. It controls software that makes sound. You should research the software first. It comes with some synths, and it can be used with the Launchpad app on iPad. Professionals are going to use it to perform music live, loop clips, trigger samples, and in some cases as a production tool.
Nope. You can hook it up to a computer or an iPad and then hook them up t speakers. Then you're good to go.
It will work, but you'll prolly have no lights. It'll send the MIDI but unless a DAW knows how to "talk back" to it, no lights will come up. If that DAW is automatically listening for MIDI data, it'll work out of the box. If there's a place to select MIDI controllers or enable them, you should only have to do that. Bottom line, it'll probably work, but you're also better off with a keyboard or control surface, in my opinion. EDIT: It does come with Ableton Live, albeit a very limited version of it. My suggestion is: Do stuff in your DAW, and then export the audio from the instruments. Load in Ableton and do all sidechaining on it (EQing before bouncing is fine). That way, should you want the LP S for Live Performances, you can use it. If you want it for production, I suggest you get something else. Novation has great keyboards with sliders and knobs, I'd get that.
True. It comes with a downloadable edition which is known as Ableton Live Launchpad Edition. The difference is, Ableton Live Launchpad Edition is pretty much the same thing as Ableton Live 9 Lite. It's like a demo version, but offers some more capabilities. I'd recommend buying Ableton Live 9 Suite Edition, or at least Ableton Live 8, Ableton Live 8 Suite, or Ableton Live 9.
The Mini connects via Micro USB so its more likely to snap than this. But those cables aren't expensive and are easy to come by. If you are new to controllerism, though, I suggest saving the extra 70 because the smaller buttons can be a bit harder to learn on.
What DAW or dj software does he use? That midi controller is pretty much overall. It really depends the use.
Yes it does.
Mediocre. It only takes 8 tracks and some features are disabled, but a solid starter for a beginner
Yes, it does come with power cords, but you will need XLR cables or 1/4" jacks if you choose to go that way. Regards George
no it is the same the ELX does not have the dsp which can help tune the speaker for different applications and low pass filters so it can be matched to different subwoofers the ELX is more geared to a mobile DJ who plays in a variety of places without the need for outside processor's and crossovers the ELX is a better build I ran mine side by side they do not sound that far apart both are clear in the high's and mid's and have good bass like I said you tune the ZLX speaker to your taste without affecting your other speakers you can use this in more ways such as stage monitor
Yes if you have the adapters! FYI! Pull the volume knob off and glue them back on or they will vibrate off! I lost bith of mines but went back and foibd them! I love these speakers! No joke
2 speakers for under $500? No.
I prefer EVs. I think the quality is better and the range of the speakers. I use 2 15 and no sub for my events. My sound goes crazy.
Hi To answer your question correctly, they both are 1000 watts , the main difference is the 15 inch has more full body sound and you can also use it without any sub if place you are playing is not big enough for adding a subwoofer . I would use the 12 for smaller venue up to 50 people vs the 15 that can handle over 75-100 people. Hope you are comfortable with my explanation and if you do need further assistance , you are welcome to call us 718/272/7228 . Thanks . Mike
1000 watts max,500 watts RMS
Heui, From us, this will be the United States 120V (ZLX-12P-US). Electro voice makes a ZLX-12P-EU which has the 220v. -Pro Audio Land
Oskars, We do not ship internationally, on our Amazon platform. -Pro Audio Land
The 15' are nice and loud as mains and too loud for monitors The 12' would probably be too quiet for a mains. But they'd work really well for monitors.
Depends on what you are trying to do. I used mine for a wedding of 150 people and everyone though it was great. I have a friend who uses it as the speaker for his electric bass he plays in a dance band and it works just fine. If you have a 5000 sq. ft. room with 500 people you will need a sub. It may be only 200 watts rms and 1000watts peak, but outdoors cranked up, run by a line in from the headphone jack of a tablet, you can hear it clearly a block away. Use it in your living room and it will cause hearing damage.
Apparently there was a ribbon cable that was routed from the DSP module inside the cabinet that would make a slight sound (from hitting the side of the module itself) whenever the speaker was flipped upside down for instance. On EV's part they decided to preemptively recall the affected units early in the first production run, even though this minor defect did not compromise the sound or safety of the units. I have six of them and have flipped them around in all directions and I have heard no rattling in any of mine (I did not hear about the "recall" until I had already begun shopping for monitors). I have had a great experience with Electro Voice products thus far and I plan to buy more if the need arises.
my understanding is the internal processor acts as any other crossover would enabling you to tie in a separate sub
REPACK means not in original box. (At least that's what I have seen from other companies when that say this term!)
On the screen shows LIMIT, also you can set up the front light to turn on when is clipping.
Well some noise is normal and that seems to be what you have going on. If your near a computer or router or any fluorescent lights you will get some EM interference. And that is what it sounds like in your video. You can buy a cheap noise gate and set the threshold to say -75 db and that will clean all that up.
We have the powered speakers. There is a price difference, powered more expensive. The EV website has more info.
There is a Limit Light that will blink when the signal is too high.
500 watts Rms
Yes, there is a master volume comyeloma on the speaker
Yes.
Yes it fits in the space of a single coil. The seller is very good, too.
Hi, the output is about 9K. We just corrected in description.Thanks,musiclily
The RailBlaster pickup can be used in the bridge, middle or neck positions. The ground lead is comprised of the black wire and the bare metal wire twisted together. The green wire is hot. The red and white wires are for single coil tapping and should remain twisted together and insulated with tape or shrink tubing unless you plan to tap the coils.
Well, surface mounting might be a problem because the rails and magnet extend below the plastic flange (somewhat visible in the second photo). Plus, there are four blobs of solder where the wires are hooked up. But my caliper says the magnet/rail combo is .752 inch deep (19.1mm), total. The bottom of the plastic housing flange is .69 inch (17.53mm) from the apex of the curve on the rail. The flange is .134 inch thick (3.4mm). Hope this helps.
It's got a dirtier tone to me, kinda 70s glam rock tone. I put them in a 6os melody maker and they're pretty nasty, nice fat tone
These will NOT fit in a Telecaster. (They're too large for the neck and too small for the bridge.) Instead, they are designed as direct replacement pickups for a Stratocaster. Regarding output, their resistance is approximately 10k. Their tone is fat and loud with virtually no extraneous noise.
Sorry Daniel, I assume you refer to wrappings. I'm a beginner basically experimenting by installing and comparing results. Its a much larger coil than the single row of pups on the original guitar. Just shipped my Line 6 PC boards for service so can't even test at present.
Red aand white wires are coil tap and are wired together. Green goes to the volume pot lug and black and bare wire are soldered to the back of the volume pot. To get a single coil sound ground the red and white pair of wires using a switch or push-pull pot. Hope this helps.
No. You will have to get a USB external sound card. I got mine off Amazon for only $3.16. Just search USB external sound card in the Amazon search box. I got the 7.1 Channel USB external sound card adapter. It works great. I'm still waiting for my mixtrack 2 ,but I used the sound card with another numark unit.
It comes with Virtual DJ LE CD, which you'll have to download for it to work. Cheers!
no it does not
Not at all,,
As long as your tablet can handle the software needed to move the equipment yes. However, if you have a basic tablet you might want to invest in a more robust tablet.
Any number of programs have recording capabilities. Just have to find the one you like.
No. Numark is usually serato
One
Not sure, was a last minute gift for son that has online DJ sorry
2007
Can't complain. Quality kit. Plays pretty good after set up.
no
It was maple. I had to return though because the body was cracked.
All of the binding is cream. If you are experienced in guitar building, you can change the binding.
Yes these kits are in its raw stage and ready for finishing of your choosing. Let us know if you have any other question.
No it is not.
Hey, D, this is a great kit with a beautiful figured top, I just clearcoated mine.All parts are included, you do the soldering, google '57 les paul wiring diagram, easy-peezy. When you glue up the neck and clamp,tap in the bridge pins and bridge, and use a guitar string to align, or a straightedge.Mask off the fingerboard and pins and spray and sand with nitrocelluose clearcoat, let dry completely before sanding between coats, 3 to 5 coats, you do a lot of sanding, thin coats, have fun!
Approximately 1/16"
We only offer it as a guitar kit. Let us know if we can be of any assistance.
This model is a set neck version which will require to be glue in place.
Hi! I'm from austria and we call it "magnetspule" .. you can google it. In the pickups there are little magnets whitch records the wave. sry for my bad englisch.. but i think in the internet you can find a good explainations ;)
The yellow is your neck pick up and the red is the bridge. Also if you search " les Paul guitar kit build" there is a video set that shows the whole process. Good luck!
Go to this link: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B6bUJOnwcjE&list=TLYRN5eizBhR_IRaz3J2d-fwPHZX1zXBm5 It has pretty good instructions for this model kit.
No its all raw. You have to do all the finish work
It depends on how detailed, and how much work you would like to put into it. But basics: sandpaper, screwdriver, an Allen wrench (if it didn't come with it already. I have had this kit for a year now so I'm fuzzy if it did or not) wood glue, a clamp, a cloth to cover clamp, a rubber mallet and maybe a square ruler. If you want to paint it than stain the wood, painters tape in two widths (wide and small). Essentially it's up to you! That's why I love guitar kits.
I don't know what kind but they are not bad for a beginner. I got some emg's and it sounds great.
Yes
I used tire bond wood glue kept it clamped for 24 hrs
It is exactly the same size as a Gibson or Epiphone Less Paul.
No
Not an expert, but the weighted keys give the feel of a standard piano, and the sound quality is very good, however, I did notice that on some of the higher notes, you can hear a bit of an echo, but it is faint and only hear it if you are playing those notes only for a long time.
Yes, I am pretty sure. there is a Mic port as well as Midi ports. hope that helps. We love it.
Yes - 2(standard size not micro) and RCA stereo audio inputs and outputs, MIDI in & out and microphone input..
Height was 34 Inch, The Width was 55 Inches, and the Depth was 28 Inches at the widest area
Yes it does. Bench has no storage, however. Just got mine about a month ago and love this piano.
This is as good as a real one. Keys are sensitive to pressure applied.
yes its really beautiful ebony wood.
No, it doesn't
No, it has xlr and iPod Dock input.
This is a really good piano and a very impressive piece of furniture. It plugs into the wall electrical socket.
Yes it is the full Professional version 11 with an iLok 2
It's all about the system on your computer. Mavericks is not compliant with PT10.x. If you have Mavericks get PT11. Do double (and triple) check the system requirements always. They change rapidly. Hope that answers it. I only use a Mac so I can only speak to that.
Yes
No it does not.
I haven't tried it personally, but there is no reason why it shouldn't. I do use a non-Avid affiliated interface with Pro Tools, and it works fine.
On the top right corner.
Yes it is.
To be honest I don't know but it worked with my steinberg ur, so maybe.
Hello YES Correct this is the Full Version! Thanks from 8thstreet Music
This is what I need. I have it. Love it. Just make sure you have a computer and operating system that is compatible. This is the newest version and you will run into problems if your computer or interface are not up to par.
Shouldnt be too tricky, putting the files alongside the factory sound bank
Could be an issue with the mp3s themselves. Try this trick;instead of beginning them at 0, try at the second bar. Click on the vocal MP3 and at the top of the workspace in the sequence window, it will show the position. Click on the last number (hundreds of a sec) and slowly move the track forward and see if you can get them to line up..good luck
It absolutely does. That's what I'm running it on.
Full version
Yes but we're on Reason 8 now. Version 7 can no longer be purchased.
Yes. My son says its compatible with it and easy to use. He likes it more than protools..
Yes
Yea it does
reason is excellent for beginners, not sure why you heard that... more people began making beats on Reason than any other product. there's a zillion videos and the interface puts everything on the screen for you and not hidden in menus
Both. It is a fully featured DAW. But we're on reason 8 now dog.
It is for one.
Yes! No audio cable is included, though.
I haven't tried but probably. You would just need a 1/4" to XLR or dual-1/4" cable. What kind of outputs does your keyboard have?
Blessed, u can leave it on for as long as u want but make sure to keep it in kool temperature
I had the rb-51 and the sound is more balanced and the build quality feels better to me. Just my two cents
Good Day. no it cannot be used at 220v power. Thank You
As someone that also uses a Roland Juno DI I can tell you these are the best monitors I've had so far in my studio if you give me your email I can send you a picture of my set up
Well the yamaha hs5 provides a flat frequency response meaning that there is no additive eq to increase the lows or highs. ie: color this specification is imperative when mixing a project. You don't want the speakers to have influence on what mix you are creating because in many cases when you bring the mix out of your studio it won't be an accurate representation of what you created because of the additive eq in your monitor speakers. I hope this helps.
I don't see why not this 8" speaker is powerful. I would say make sure you use speaker pads so you don't get vibration plus it makes the speakers sound even more amazing. Hope this helps.
No interface needed - I have it connected directly to my laptop and sounds awesome...
Auphonix has another pop filter designed for use with the Blue Yeti. It is the same quality pop filter as this one, but will attach more easily to your Yeti, or directly to the desktop. You can find it here: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00HBN6T1I
The gooseneck is about a foot and a half long and is very pliable. I can recommend it. I'm currently using mine with a MLX 900 on a desk stand.
No you don't need a pop filter for recording piano. A pop filter is specifically designed to prevent thuds or pops in the recording, caused by fast-moving air from sounds like "p" and "b" hitting the microphone. i.e. They are only really needed for voice recording.
I was curious with u question... So I just tried the pop filter on my table top stand, and it works just as well as on my floor stand... So the answer to ur question is , yes it will work with ur table top stand...
If its for vocals i like the mlx990
it quite possibly could. the clamp is very adjustable and the flexible arm is able to bend and hold in a multitude of positions. Although, the desk stand is VERY compact, it appears that the pop filter might be able to attach just above the tripod and the flexible arm allow it to be moved into a desired position. Hope that helps, mine is working great for studio vocal tracks.
I bought this pop filter because the bracket that attaches to the blue yeti mic stand was to big and got in the way of the mobility of the mic. Only difference I can think of is some pop filters have a fine metal mesh screen this pop filter has a nylon mesh screen which I like better than metal
Hi E Flores. I bought this filter and this is attached on my round stand perfectly! The C-clamp fits most standard mic shafts and the flexible gooseneck holder and swivel mount make it easy to put the Pop Filter exactly where you need it! I think this could be the right model for you, also the price is very affordable. In fact, some places sell the Audiotechnica 2020 with this filter as a bundle. I hope this info help you.
If you want to purchase one that goes on a desk or corner, purchase the other one. If you want one that can go on a microphone stand, get this one. difference is the end of the product. One is flatt, and this one is curved to go onto a stand. I hope I answered your question Brooklyn. If you need more help, please do not be afraid to ask
We don't have that mic but we attached the Auphonix to the mic stand. Also, it's 6" diameter, so I can't think of a reason it wouldn't work.
Yes
Yes but it doesnt use midi cables. It uses this.
With touch-response, the volume will depend on how hard you hit the keys. The easiest solution is to adjust the volume, and as you practice you can better incorporate dynamics into your playing.
It's ridiculous that they didn't include it with the keyboard, I know! I was shocked too. You have to buy it separately. I HIGHLY recommend it too-otherwise you'll be eating up batteries like crazy (especially if you forget to switch it off).
Yes
They sell them at Wal-Mart or best buy. It's a pretty popular item that can be used for many devices.
no. who told you this?
It has drum presets and in style mode it has drum patterns.
It also comes with a foot pedal, which is handy, and a headset.
What I see is it comes with a sustain pedal, whereas the one I purchased didn't come with this feature.
Please refer the photo of this page(2nd from top). This is all of this item.
Nope. Not unless the set you buy has gold ones.
Yes
You need to go to their web site download their Gibson templates, print them out actual size. At this point you need to hold printed out pieces of paper up to your guitar and make sure the holes lineup perfectly. The way I did this was to cut out the circles that represent the tuning pegs on the pieces of paper that were the closest, and then lay them over the tuning pegs on the guitar. They will need to line up perfectly.
Hey Jake, Do you have the push in tuner bushings or are they bolt? On the Tronical website there is a section where you can download a template to help you measure and find the correct one needed check it out at http://www.tronical.com/downloads/ . You may need the B one which we do have on the way. But let us know!
I should fit. I would contact Tronical support to be 100% sure. http://www.tronical.com/tronicaltune/
it depends on what chord you are fretting as you scream. 7 string guitar may be questionable. The unit works well as long as it can recognize the chord voicing.
No, the xlr output of the mic from harmony singer needs to have its own sound source. I love this pedal though. It is a great asset in my effects arsenal...
yes
From what I have read , you need to have an instrument plugged in for it to form Harmonies. That is how I use it. Otherwise I don't know.
Yes, as long as you play chords on the keys - the chords then will go to the pedal and be analysed for the harmony you choose. Take a look at this video (not mine or promoting for whom): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WiuAz9TSCTk Enjoy!
Sad to say, you can't; however, if you have a portable recording device (e.g. ZOOM's H4n) or an interface connecting to your computer, that's another discussion topic. Hope it helps. :)
Mine did not, just a standard ac to dc power inverter.
I don t believe so.
Yes, but the Harmony Singer Tone button is essentially a preset Mic Mechanic. Compressor, de-esser, adaptive tone and exciter all in one button. Still, it would be nice to be able to adjust all those parameters on the MM and just leave the tone button off on the HS.
Yes it does...
It does work with Ubuntu out of the box. I can't speak to other distros, but I know Schiit has put effort into this product working with Linux. They've marketed it a few times and demonstrated it running on Ubuntu and as the M&M stack being good sound that young people can actually afford. And it running on Linux was a big part of that. So I would assume that anything called "Audiophile Linux", which I have previously not heard of, would be right up their alley for this product.
I use this with a raspberry pi, did not need to load any drivers.
Short Answer: Unlikely - Modi doesn't play nicely with Android Long Answer: Several DACs do work with Android phones especially the Galaxy series but in this case the Modi doesn't. The Modi's support seems iffy right now for anything running on Android. It might recognize the Modi but so far haven't seen one actually work. It is a wonderful DAC for the price especially paired up with an O2 or Magni but sadly it probably will not be able to work on Android phones at least for the time being. If you do want a DAC similar to the Modi in price range and performance try looking up the Objective DAC (ODAC), NuForce uDAC 2, or if you want to be really portable try looking at say the E18 from Fiio. All are mostly in the same price category as this device and do work with the Galaxy S3 and S4. Oh but do remember if you get one of those devices to buy an OTG Cable as you can only transfer USB sound from Android via OTG type cables. Here is a post on devices already supported and proven to work with S3s (S4s will work as well): http://www.head-fi.org/t/595071/android-phones-and-usb-dacs/2235. Hopefully this helps, B
yes. I used it just fine in Windows 8.1
got ASIO 4 ALL working. Had to disable the motherboard audio to get the usb DAC to be active in A4A and had to set sample rate to 48K. Buffers work at default (in 32, out 32, asio 512)
Never used the Behringer but the Modi increased my streaming pleasure of MOG and Beats 100 percent
What is a "PC Ipod Android device"? If you mean PC/Computer, then yes. No, an Ipod or Android device probably will not work with it. Possibly with an android device with tons of work and a way to get a line out connection with the charger port.
no, only the source files themselves. you are correct, the pc just moves the data to the modi for processing. as long as your source data/music is good, you're fine.
I am about to upgrade to more expensive DACs merely out of curiosity but I have tried the Modi on amps worth up to a thousand dollars and it scales really well. The improvements by changing amp are HUGE which means the Modi is not a bottleneck and will sound better with better amps. I have a friend who has improved his system in every aspect (amps and headphones) but keeps the Modi because he believes it will make very little difference to upgrade it. The Modi is probably not the ultimate best DAC ever made but it is fantastic for the price and will not hold you back when you upgrade your system. It MAY be the only DAC you ever need... unless you are like me and have to upgrade out of sheer curiosity.
Older
Its a small one
As of right now, you can't find this particular guitar by itself. Gibson/Epiphone discontinued their Goth series guitars a few years ago. But this is still a great deal, you would probably pay about the same price if you purchased just the guitar. Thanks Juan.
The shipping dimensions are: Height- 9.3", Width- 24.25", Length-42.5". Also, the weight is 30.35 pounds.
10 gage
The manufacturer has a Limited Lifetime Warranty. If purchased from American Musical Supply there is also a free one year extended warranty.
The controller takes a 12 supply form the wall wart power supply. Just use the small round power connector and hook it to a 12 volt source and skip the wall wart completely. I have used them many times on parade cars doing just that. The wiring diagram is on the back of the unit.
It indicates on the page it is only for the 6803 Dream LED strips, which is how I have them setup. The 5050 is the LED emitter on the strip and the 6803 is the LED driver on the strip that runs 3 LED's. On your LED strip, the emitter is correct but because it appears as it is controlling a single LED, not a group of thre, I'm not sure. That would really depend on the driver on the strip. Look closely at the black controller chip between the LED's and see what number is on the chip, that will tell you what compatable controller will work with it.
You can't use just any smd 5050 lights, they have to be the corresponding lights for the remote. The lights plug right into the remote, and power is connected by control box through power cord. It should work without remote. If remote doesn't work then you need aBee battery for it.
yes, it is. thanks!
Sorry that the IR remote can only work with 6803 led strip.
hi&#65292; it can work at least 8 reels . that is 40M . thanks
It has an audio output in the back, but that looks like it's for additional speakers, not head phones. We haven't tried head phones and we can't find the information booklet.
No cover,cloth cover for where the record sits though.
http://www.ionaudio.com/products/details/ict09rs
No it has to be turned off. Media Depot
Direct drive. Media Depot
This bundle comes with the software.
No. Included are 8- xlr M/F and 8- 1/4 male one end is straight and the other is an elbow.
With studio one.
You get the one in the main image
Yes
This a 110v unit but you can get an apapter
Yes.
Yes. You can also use the PSR-E243 as a MIDI controller, or take advantage of its USB to Host connectivity and interface it with computers or iOS devices.
no it doesnt.
Yes it is.
No
Yes
It does not sadly.
Sarah, this keyboard does have an impressive grand piano sound, in fact Yamaha's is widely regarded as the best in simulations for the grand piano. There are also many other options of course, but you will not be disappointed with this keyboard, it is truly an entry level, studio quality instrument. I can't recommend it enough, and when you consider the price, you just can't beat it. I would highly recommend this product to anyone considering a keyboard.
You need to buy one if you want it.
Stand must be ordered separately. Also AC adaptor does not come with it. Wish I had ordered it at the same time to avoid shipping fees. Am enjoying keyboard.
Yes
No
Sorry but we cannot ship this internationally. Thanks though
the only slight concern would be that the microphone is a condenser microphone and therefore is slightly more sensitive and may pick up some background noise.
You just have to rig it your way. I had the same problem and my brother and I did it our way.
Yes it does you will be highly pleased with the studio pack best investment i made ...I highly recommend this product
Yes it does. If configured from DAW
Yes, it comes with Cubase 7 LE
It's a very good mic and it also come with a mic popper which can help it. I've been using mines for almost a year now and I'm satisfied with it each time i use it. I would recommend it if you're just starting in home recording and for the price, it's a great deal!
It literally is plug and play, especially if he already has a recording program. The only power you need is the laptop. Easy!
The pack I bought has 20 strips. 3 of them are fairly close to a Fender Thin thickness. The rest are close to a Fender Medium thickness maybe a little thicker.
sort of plastic. but I find that old gift cards work best and cost me nothing.
Hi Elie, Thanks for your question. The Guitar Pick Strips for the Pick-a-Palooza is an assortment of strips designed to be used with the Pick-a-Palooza or any pick punch. The strips come in a variety of materials, colors and thicknesses all in one package. Please let us know if you have any other questions.
Hi Elena, Thank you for your question. You cannot print your logo on these strips. You could, however, print your logo on a label and affix the label to the strips prior to punching out a pick. Please let me know if you have any other questions.
yes you can!
Yes- it is a good variety with a mix of thicknesses. The pack is an assortment - lots of different colors and patterns.
Hello, that is for one as these are priced individually, Thanks from 8thstreet Music
no
Yep that's what I use them for. They work nice as well.
My Apogee ONE purchased on October 2013 at Amazon included both the 30pin and the lightning cables inside the box.
Yes it does.
Yes Bartok618, it comes with a breakout cable that has one female XLR input and one 1/4" female input. Both are separate connectors that connect to one port on the Apogee ONE.
the answer to both questions is yes.
I'd suggest cable management, i.e., Velcro strips to wrap around the stand and support the break out cable(s) before and after inset points. The I/O and power ports are small and delicate, and One is not designed for commercial grade use. Everytime I use it, I'm AMAZED by it awesomeness. Summary: Use TLC, and you'll be good. If you depend on it for critical work, get extra breakout and Lightning cables. Also, a USB power adapter available at Bix Power, Model CAB-Z4. About $5 on sale. Use it in your car. I use Apple's Beats Music, unparalleled quality. Guaranteed it'll sound like a 5K upgrade! :)
I often use a DAC and headphone amp for lossless and lossy files. The One has as good a DAC, at least for recording, way better than a lot of "portable" DACs out there. For critical listening, depending on your tastes and budget, you may still prefer an audiophile grade DAC.
You have to use an XLR adaptor or a mixer. The cable has one guitar mono & one XLR. Otherwise, contact Apogee and ask.
Yes
Yes. There is a software update on the apogee website
I don't think this is the best choice to record a lecture with you're better off getting a portable recorder that runs off batteries.
No I don't think so. But this is a nifty little light. We had a New Years party with 50 people dancing in our living room and this little light MADE the party. People are still asking me about it.
Mine just spun the colors around the room. Not sure if it can be set for strobe effect.
No I wouldn't recommend that at all unless you can figure out a mounting method. The stand is really my only complaint - it's really cheap. I also bought a set of bulbs that do the same thing and put them in my ceiling fan. That worked awesome! Might be a solution to your needs. Light is good, stand sucks! :)
not sure how one tells if the software is new or not. It plays music as it should. If you order extra song chips, spend the time to look at the actual song lists from the manufacturer - there's a lot of overlap. Its surprisingly difficult to get the songs you want!
Thank you for your inquiry. If you purchase a Tagalog Version all the Tagalog and English songs are built in on the memory of the unit only if you want to add more tagalog songs to it then you can purchase the extra song chips. Best Regards, Cathrina Lim www.uskaraoke.com 714-578-0004 M-F 8-5 PST
I was able to nearly remove the lag in the sound by usinfo both the HDMI to the smart TV and the red and white audio cables to my RCA cables to my separate sound system. I hope this helps you.
I returned this item, I was really unhappy with the system. I bought additional chips that were recommended as comparable, only half of them worked. If you're going to spend that much, I would go to a karaoke shop.
It is not directly compatible with those chips however it will play CD&G via the USB port. You can download just about any song off the Web and play it.
The system plugs into your TV. Lyrics appear on the TV screen.
From what I experienced you can only add songs by their site NETKARA. But here's the deal, there aren't that many new songs. So I also watched videos and tried to do the USB download with other sites and it didn't work. I ended up returning it, so many songs that were not good, I'd say 15% were alright. My unit definitely did not work are instructed.
Sorry I can't help you. This was a gift.
Are you talking about hindi version? Yes there's a version of that kind. To order it, email us at songhitska@yahoo.com KARAOKEDJSHOP
It has both english and with lots of tagalog
It doesn't come with the software. It gives you instructions on how to register and download all the software you need from their site for free. That way, they aren't shipping any outdated software with the product.
No you do not need a MAC. I was able to set it up on an HP PC running Win 7, and on a Dell Studio XPS laptop running Win 7. You will need a USB license key to run it on anything. There is always going to be debate about WIN vs MAC, but honestly the differences are really minimal. Hope this helps
Works great with my iPad 3. Its a universal midi controller, so no drivers required.
The software (which I need to emphasize isn't professional and the controller should be used with software like Ableton Live and FL Studio) required a pc with a dual core processor. Chances are your cpu is dual core. Single core desktop cpu's haven't been used in mainstream in a long time. You are likely using a quad core cpu.
Internally? No. It is simply a USB controller. It does come with software that you can install on a Mac/PC that will allow you to have a variety of sounds. But none on board.
it says on the box it does mac or pc but im running it in reasons fl studio cubase runs fine
Yes, you can easily assign other sounds
Yes it comes with sub attachment
Nope
Yes, it works exactly the same as regular jog wheel. Thanks Tony.
Yes it work but, the adapter is not so great I properly got unlucky got the wrong adapter that make my light weak on the other hand my brother got the same one but his are find. By the time I want to return my adapter too late so test it right away.
Not exactly. It represents white by turning all colors on, so what you get is clear light. Mine also has a red hue
5 amps tends to work best. If you go with a lower power they will not be as bright and technically it can handle more but it will shorten the life of the LEDs.
I have two sets of these in my kitchen that are about 15 feet apart. One remote doesn't work as well as the other. I think that one is defective. Another problem I have is when I remote start my vehicle, turn the TV on and change the station one set starts flickering and changing colors. This makes the other set start changing colors. When I had one set only, there was not a problem.
Go to your local RadioShack, walmart or BestBuy, That's what I had to do...
Yes it they have a male on one end and a female on the other
It can be flexed in a 90 dgr angle.
I believed it the 10v.
Brent iwouldnt really recommend this one because on the order that it didnt come wiht the control maybe it was a mistake but ill be a risk on buying it
12V should be more than enough. I believe the power adapter I used was only 3.4V (or at least not more than 5V), and it worked perfectly.
I would imagine yes, since the unit (Scarlett 6i6) has been described as a " 4 line outputs on 1/4" TRS jacks, a stereo S/PDIF output, and two independent headphone outputs."
No. You must use the included power supply as bus power doesn't provide enough power. Starting with the 6i6 and above, power supplies are required. The 2i4 and below will run on bus power.
The Saffire Pro 14 is spec'd 8 in 6 out interface and the 6i6 is 6 in 6 out. However technically the Saffire only has 6 physical inputs (3 stereo pairs). The other 2 input and outputs come for a virtual loopback port that is software controlled. Loopback allows you to record audio coming out of your system back into your system (Example audio from a youtube video in your daw). While the 6i6 lacks software loopback you can connect an SPDIF cable from the spdif output back into the spdif input to achieve the same thing. The Saffire is a Firewire interface while the 6i6 is a USB interface. The other difference is the 6i6 gives you two headphone outputs (1 tied to output 1/2 and other to output 3/4). The Saffire only has 1 headphone out. Other than that they're about the same. Some may argue that Firewire will be better but keep in mind it's getting harder to find computers with firewire. You can use a firewire to thunderbolt adapter on Macs. Personally I love having the extra headphone out on the 6i6. Loopback is not something that I use very often so the extra internal option in the software is not a loss at all for me. HTH.
Yes you can. The 6i6 has four line outputs and a S/PDIF output. You can assign separate mixes or the same one to each.
Probably a ground loop. I don't usually have an issue until we plug in the keyboard to a PA and the midi input at the same time. Then I get a noise. Fix plug the keys into the midi port only.
Yes. 2 combination mic/line inputs w phantom power supplies and 4 1/4 in line in jacks on the back as well as midi and USB in/out.
Live 9
It works just fine with both Win 7 and Win 8.1... I will say that under either OS, if I leave the interface up, eventually the USB drops the connection with the PC and I have to power cycle the unit or unplug and plug back in the USB cable. There may be newer drivers which address this or it maybe configurations I can modify on my PC. But to your question, "how well does it work," I get smooth streaming sound when I'm working with it ... did you have specific requirements in mind?
I use Grado and AT pro phones. The amps are sufficient. About the same quality of sound as running direct to the mixing board from the 6i6.
Only one monitor comes with each purchase, so make sure to order two if you want a pair.
Since the digital to analog converters built into most laptops are not all that efficient, you will get the best results by connection from the usb connection of your laptop to a good quality external digital to analog converter and from there to your presonus speakers via regular audio cables.
I also agree with the checking the cables but here's another thing to look at. This kind of interference or feedback only happens to me when I don't turn everything on in the right order. That is computer on, Pioneer DDJ-SR on, open Serato, turn on subwoofer (passing the Eris 8's via the sub (Temblor 10), the Eris 8's on. No feedback, although there is very minute hissing. If I turn the speakers on first all kinds of hissing and feedback. That's been my experience. Not sure how you're using these but Hope that points you towards resolution.
Yes, each monitor has it's own independent power cord. To connect them to my computer without a interface I purchased a splitter similar to this http://www.amazon.com/Seismic-Audio-Stereo-Splitter-Patch/dp/B0072JJYDQ/ref=sr_1_51?ie=UTF8&qid=1419619986&sr=8-51&keywords=trs+splitter. Works great. I hope this helps.
this is the exact combo that i have and i cannot imagine a better combo. i am quite impressed with both products.
definitely recommend two (you may want it later)
Yes
I run the presonus eris e5 monitors through a m-audio usb interface. I run xlr out of the interface to xlr inputs on the monitors. While the m-audio interface has xlr and trs inputs, I am able to run all my usb inputs via my computer usb inputs perfectly. I am currently running a usb synth and alesis dm10 drum kit through usb.
Do you mean one monitor? They are sold as single monitor (each) unless it says sold in pair. If you're referring to a two way speaker system, there is a two way speaker there is a tweeter and a sub. There's definitely a crossover. The sound fantastic. There is no deep bass by design, however, the volume and the clarity of what is really in the mix is very good
These speakers come with no cables or adapters. In order to connect a usb output to the RCA jacks of the monitor, you would need to connect through a digital to analog converter. I am using the Schiit Modi converter...http://www.amazon.com/Modi-USB-Digital-Analog-Convertor/dp/B00CICPN0K Excellent porduct!
One speaker. The pic is of the front and back view.
I would say more so than most speakers but the controls are exposed on the back. You would not want moisture to collect on the back of the unit at all. You could cover the back with a tarp or something protective but then I would expect heat to be an issue.
Yes including sd cards and iPhones
Definitely!! It give incredible sound quality!!
Yes
Yes you may use one or two of these speakers with a laptop.
No it has to be plugged in but that would be awesome
Yes I just purchased an IPOD Touch. You would have to use it those the Bluetooth though.
Yes
No it's not. But besides that it works perfectly. I'm glad I bought it.
It depends on what you're going to be recording. If you plan on, in the future, needing more than 4 mic inputs (for say, a drumset), you're going to want that ADAT input. Focusrite sells other products like the Scarlett 18i20 and the Saffire Octopre that have 8 mic preamps and an optical output so you can mic up larger ensembles while still only going through one interface. The great thing about going that route is that it's already mapped out through the 18i8 so you can edit each channel separately in your DAW, unlike recording the drumset through an analog mixer and then outputting from that mixer into your interface and only having two channels (left and right) to edit in your DAW.
Yes. You get the option to download everything after you register the product on their website. The loops and software are all good quality. Note: the 700+ loops are not named well. I find it hard to search for what I want in that collection so I don't use them too often, but it is good stuff.
If you mean to a mic, then yes, the front XLR inputs can provide +48V. If you mean through MIDI, then no, the ports are only 5-pin.
Yes. One for 1 and 2 channel, other for 3 and 4 channel.
Yes, it has 8 total physical inputs that can all be routed to separate mono channels in a DAW simultaneously.
They are great! I plug my ultimate ears in if that helps
YEs. The eight inputs can be routed to different tracks
Yes
Yes! It has phantom power for all 4 mic inputs. Mic 1&2 are on one phantom circuit, and 3&4 are on the other.
No.
You can do that if you plug it in on the left channel, although i wouldn't do that, it is better if you plug your ipod to a mixer (miniplug to rca). then use two cables from the mixer to the sub (xlr left and right), hope this is useful to you
Hi Brendan, I googled it so looks like this will work with your mixer. The sub has XLR and TRS......both of which your mixer seems to support
Yes you can.
Our board has a mono out plug and fader control for the mono line. I ran the feed from that to the sub and it works great.
Hi, the 150W does pull from the available power meant for the 15" sub. The 15" sub is rated at 300W but the amplifier is rated at 500W RMS, 1000W Peak. Thanks for the question.
As in a frequency crossover? If so then yeah there definitely is. There's a knob for crossover and a knob for volume
Xlr cable
Yes you can.. just connect your passive speakers to the satellite output on your subwoofer.
Hello Ignacio, The powered Baby Tremor does have standard Male XLR output jacks to daisy chain to another powered speaker or amplifier.
The peak output for the Baby Tremor is 600 watts. It is 300 RMS.
Yes, it comes with both kinds of cables, classic 30 pin and "Lighting" 8 pin.
Yes, from the headphones port of the sonic to the microphone/aux port in the pc/speakers
I have the outputs from the line 6 running through my mixer. I record from there. Hope that helps.
Yes. It comes with cables for iPad 3rd gen and iPad Air.
You can. It has a headphone output and a line out.
No, sorry Jennifer.....each track must be mono and then you have to pan each track to create stereo. It is very simple though.
No, it only works with an iOS device...however, Line 6 does sell other devices that will connect you with a Mac.
Yes
No
I would presume so...and that's based on my experience using it simultaneously with iTunes, which requires putting the Line 6 app in the background when I'm toggling between the two.
You can't, even if you get an adapter it won't connect to the iPad. The USB port is only for transferring midi to and from a computer.
Hi Craig, you will have to use something like this http://www.kentonuk.com/products/items/utilities/usb-host.shtml to connect your usb midi device to the is202.
I have an Ipad 3 running 8.1.3. Istudio is working with no problem. I had a problem once and did not have the power switch pushed in...
Yes, iS202 can power a studio microphone with 12v phantom power (48v is not supported).. No, you cannot connect the iPad 4 to iS202 with an adapter - there is no space for to place an adapter inside, so iS202 is compatible only with iPad 1, 2 and 3, which incorporate a 30-pin port, - the shape of the cradle cannot fit with iPad 4, which is thinner than iPad 2 And 3. Yes, you can synchronise the iPad with the computer via the USB port included on is202.
It does. I use a phantom powered MIC with IS202 and it works. It has a button on the top/left side to activate this feature.
The mains out on iS202 into amplifier or mixer will allow efx to operate
So far I have not gotten it to act as a direct audio interface for Logic Pro. My work around is to record into auria and transfer the files to logic. The MIDI works great with logic however.
George, there are a number of apps that record multiple tracks.... It should work just fine. Are you going to mic your drums? You can likely only record one track at a time. If you are doing midi you should be able to record multiple tracks at a time but again that will depend on the app you choose.
I would imagine it does. More than likely it has to do with Apple and not Alesis. You should check and make sure that audio is on in iOS settings also. I have the iPad 4 and use a 30 Pin To Lightning adapter and the iStudio has always worked with each iOS update. Never had a problem with the iStudio working with iOS 8 updates.
Hi Justin,I have connected my Roland HD3 kit to is202,it works with apps.Check your Yamaha manual,there may be control functions to tweak into service.First time I tried(5 mins ago,)it worked. So the midi port does work.Best way is to put your query to YouTube,I have always got answers this way.Good luck, JonJon
I am using a MXL 770 with it which also requires 48V and it works great. So, yes.
You can record straight through the USB. Nifty little thing. But beware, its more of a mixer than a traditional interface, so it doesn't split the tracks you may have already laid down from the new ones you're recording. So basically, EVERYTHING you can hear it in your monitor mix, it's going to be on the track you're currently recording. So if you're recording something live, its perfect. If you're tracking something, not so much...
Hi Gloria, I don't have any "top-of-the-line" keyboard, however, when I tried to get hook up my keyboard to it and run the mixer to the laptop I didn't hear a thing through the system or the main mix/phones on the mixer. I'm guessing you may need a Direct Input (DI) Box to pass the keyboard through first before routing to the mixer. Other than that, yes you should be able to do what you thinking of doing. Hope this helps. :)
After you register with behringer, they will send an email with a code and link to traction. There you can download traction software. It works well, I have an older pc with only 2.5gigs of ram. Also at behringer you can download asio drivers. Nice little mixer, also works well with live lite software.
Sorry, but you will need the power cable at all times. It's a great mixer. I use it everyday. Good luck.
Not a problem. Note that this is just an entry level mixer, hence only few slots are available.
You should. Though I haven't tried it I don't see why you couldn't run one mic into the xlr input and run another into the 1/4. But make sure you use phantom power. Great question though. I'll have to try it out myself
Yes
Mine has noise which I think its due to the fact that the mixer requires 120v power outlet and where am from one can only have 110v or 220v. I believe thats what causing the noise, again its my conclusion...no promises
For Mac yes with the stock driver. For pc yes, but you may need to map the signal using some 3rd party applications.
CR2032...you can get them at Amazon or most pharmacies...
Yes, but I recommend taking it off your guitar headstock after tuning... otherwise it just stays on.
Yes
This is the first clip on tuner I have had, but this little guy seems great all the way around. I have used it a dozen times and the clip is strong and sturdy.
It has a chromatic setting. That won't be an issue.
Absolutely. It has a chromatic setting that will respond to any frequency.
It has flat and double flat tunings.
I clipped it onto my laptop and used a 440 tone and it registered a perfect pitch A ( I was bored and wanted to test it.) You should have no problems.
The reason I bought this one was for the 3 year guarantee and that my child broke the Snark right out of the box. So when I saw the guarantee it was a no brainer. The SpeedPro is not only more durable but is still going strong after a year. So its up to you buy a cheap clip on guitar tuner or pay a little more for one that lasts.
you need an amp that produces 2000 Watts Max per channel and 1000 Watts RMS per channel at 8ohm
sorry they do not make a 15" version
sorry for the confusion, there is an error on the listing. they are 1000watts RMS
These are not intended for home use or with a stereo receiver as they are a PA system speaker and require a pro audio power amp and a mixer to function properly. So something like a 2000 watt amp that runs around 500 watts a side at 8 ohm would be a good match for these.
I use Chauvet Obey 10 and it has been working for me. The tricky part is setting the right address..
The dip switches on the back. Switch #1 and switch #10 need to be in the on position. If you have the 4 channel version, slider 1 controls strobe and overall intensity. Slider 2 controls red. Slider 3 controls green. And 4, blue. If 5 channel, 1 is strobe, 2 is intensity, 3 is red, 4 is green, and 5 is blue.
One of the ten or so switches on the back makes the light alternate through each color continuously.
I have run 10 but it was with about 300 feet of DMX cable. Just make sure to use a DMX Terminator for a run that long or you may see some strange crosstalk and lighting changes.
Of course it can! You just have to manipulate the switch in the back and select the color yopu need. It's really very easy.Good Luck!
There are three models including this one. The 18 led seems to be the one with the most output. However, I love the 86 led par can, they are similar to chauvet splash jr. There is also another par can that has the leds divided to form a cone shape, I do not own those, but I have seen them in action and those are more for decoration rather than flood.
Yes it does have a microphone built-in. Refere to the manual to find out how to set it on. I think i set mine on 5 and 9
I would think you could use it under a table cloth. It doesn't off very much heat, but, don't allow any light to come into contact with a combustible. I've gotten red, blue, green, violet, pink as a stand alone unit. If you use a DMX controller, you can get a large range of color, effects, strobe, etc. It can also be made to respond with random colors to ambient noises, music and sounds as a stand alone unit.
I don't have this here with me, but if I recall the circle is about 4-5.5 inches in diameter. One of the stock photos has a rear view that shows an "XLR" (DMX in this case) input. For scale that should help give you an idea how small this light is. It throws a pretty bright beam for it's size.
The instructions are pretty vague or just plain wrong, just a couple of things I found out, though: Switch 1-6 will turn on the various colors at various brightness- DS 1, 3, and 5 turns on the various colors at low, 2 4 6 at a brighter setting, 1-6 all on gives max brightness. 8 by itself gives mic (ambient sound) control, 9 by itself gives chase.
1
Move constantly.
I haven't tried it. It works fine in doors. Doesn't make a very big display. Best suited for a smaller area.
I don't believe it has to...I just shut mine down after using them and package them up.
Hi, it should be changing by its self when its in rotating mode you can switch that in the back
In my opinion, yes. The Signature Bundle is better for the money because it comes with a handful of extra plugins like Sytrus, Maximus, and some other very useful tools. Other than that, it is about the same as the Producer Edition.
No. The academic version just means you can only have one copy of the software installed on one machine at a time. The full version gives you the ability to have the software installed on multiple machines.
Yes, it comes with a license
You can download it as long as you have the registration code. I downloaded it on the desktop and laptop. Hope this helps
Yes
YES!
Basically the same thing just a few more plugins
It does have the ability to record realtime but transcribing to sheet music may have to be done elsewhere.
The academic one includes extra samples.
No, you can record with any USB Microphone that has the correct drivers and is recognized by your OS.
That was a pretty good question actually. It made me curious myself. So, I just went and tried it and yes, it does. Every single state I set it to, it remembered it when it came back on.
Since also 12VDC, yes you could operate this LED flexlight using your 12V boat outlet instead of 120VAC/12VDC power supply. One problem though: When your boat alternator is running you will actually measure about 14.4V Leds are sensitive to even slightly higher voltages than nominal. So they will draw noticably more current, shine brighter, get hotter and hence have a reduced life span. But yes, it works. Certainly works just fine if your boat engine is not running at the time you use them. I am an EE and tested this all out using a variable laboratory power supply. Had a similar application. Hope, this helps.
It is possible it takes a lil but if work but you have to get 12v out of them to make the LED's wrk so you can use a variety of different batteries all you have to do is put the battery in series with each other until you reach 12v
Yes, but you will need to incorporate an LED amplifier and power adapter for additional strands. You will need to reference the amps provided by the existing power suppy and the amps used by the LED lights, but you will normally require this type of setup for anything greater than 4 or 5 meters.
a reviewer said the sensitivity to music can be adjusted thru the brightness up/down control.
You do not need another transformer. You can either solder wires between the joints where you cut them or buy premade connectors. I recommend the lattter
They do say that they are waterproof, where I have put mine they will not get wet. The power supply is not water proof so you would have to find a safe place for that. If you do purchase, I highly recommend the little black clips to hang them instead of the sticky back. Good luck!
I usually have the sound source about 6 feet away. It all depends on the volume. As for following the music it's decent. For example if it's a slow song they blink and change colors slowly. If it's a fast song the respond accordingly. The more prominent the bass the better they react. You will not be disappointed with these. I wish I had purchased more sets has they have many uses.
That's exactly what I did across my in cabinet microwave. They sell a jumper in 3"-6' sections.
I would also say no. While not free, the cost to operate LED lights versus Incandescent lights is about 75% cheaper. I have changed all of my indoor lights and most of my 33,000 outdoor Christmas lights and I noticed a huge difference in the cost
it is huge for 76 key keyboard.
I put my base, keyboard and all it mine. I love the pocket on the outside...was big enough for all of my music. Great buy!
Yes. It fits my Yamaha which measures 48" x 17"
No
Yes, I have the dgx-230 too and it fits with plenty of room to spare for piano books and my headphones and sustain pedal. Depending on your needs, this may be good or bad because the bag is very roomy so if you plan to carry it around, your keyboard will be shuffling around a little in it. I just use mine for storage so it's perfect for me.
The price you see is for only one case (for only one speaker) I had the same question and ended up buying two of those.
Inside is 22" high and 14" wide for the first 5" of depth and then tapers to 10" wide at 12" depth. Your speakers would not fit because of the taper.
Yes
Hello, The 400i model will not fit in this case.
Yes
No, the case is too big for 1 speaker and too small for 2 speakers. It was design only for stagepass 600
Yes. I plug my phones USB cable right into the port and rock out with the Bluetooth all night. You can also plug it into the auxiliary port.
There's 3 dots that will light up when charged. All 3 dots blue, has tons of power....2 dots blue, still have lots of power. Once you get down to 1, start thinking about charging
It is heavy (will say around 20-25 pounds) though it has wheels and is easy to transport anywhere. It has two very comfortable handles (one on each side) and it is very solid. The only downside I see is that when you turn the volume all the way up you hear some distortion but other than that I highly recommend it. It can take some rain, sand, etc...Good for outdoors. For the price range, it is the best out there. If you are willing to spend a little more $$ I can suggest you the best portable System out for around $ 300....I have all sizes and some different brands since I pretty much collect portable speakers so I know what I am talking about...Good Luck !!!
You can play MP3s through an existing mp3 player or phone, either with the auxiliary mini jack port, or bluetooth if your phone has it. CDs can be played through the auxiliary port as well, with an external CD player.
Is 50watts peak power
Yes i have one. And works great. Also on i pod and i phones.
IPA23
yes
This unit is the latest that ion has to offer - However, I know they are out of stock on Costco on-line.
Comes with one, pretty cheap though. My daughter's fell apart the first time she used the Mic
Raspberry pi A has a 2.0 usb port & the b model sports 2, as long as there is an internal sound module this device will replace the headphone & mike jacks on your units, To iterate, you must have the internal audio module in your master unit. It works well except if your constantly plugging and unplugging the mike and headphones.
yes you can use this Sabrent usb
It works on my Debian 7 system so it will most likely work on Ubuntu/Mint.
This works great with my MK809 Android Mini-PC! No setup required, just plugged it into the USB hub and it worked. Running Finless 1.7.
This should as long as your USB is working. I wouldn't use it in an application that needs to be removed often as the audio jacks are not robust. But if the plan is to install it and leave it plugged in you should be fine.
Put a piece of duct tape over it! ;-)
It broke very quickly from pushing the headphone plug too hard into the jack. I popped it open easily with a small screw diver and found out the jack was held onto the circuit board with minimal solder (to be expected for such an inexpensive device). I place the jack back onto the circuit board and glued it in to the case/board with a little epoxy and now it works fine.
When you plug in the device, it becomes its own driver. So the computer recognizes it as a usb driver. So realtek audio drivers would be separate.
I thought it was good. Better then not having any sound at all. I would buy this again.
Yes
Yes. Can't remember the wattage because their installed in my rental unit, but I was happy with them. I replaced Halogen's with these and they don't put off the heat the Halogen's did and the cool color made the room much nicer and of course brighter. In my opinion. Hope this helps.
This link is Cool white: http://www.amazon.com/JACKYLED-Dimmable-40W-70W-Replacement-110v-130V/dp/B00D6BOFNI/ref=cm_cd_al_qh_dp_t and this link is warm white : http://www.amazon.com/JACKYLED-Dimmable-40W-70W-Replacement-110v-130V/dp/B00D6BOFQ0/ref=aag_m_pw_dp?ie=UTF8&m=A3UENWQOYWIPH9 Hope these info can used for you! JACkY LED Support Team
Diameter is 1 15/16 inches and height is2 3/8 inches. Avg life is specked at 50,000 hours. One of the 4 I bought started flickering at about 100 hours. It does give a nice bright spot light.
Not really, I plugged it into my Bose sound dock II, all you need is the 3.5mm to 5.5mm adapter and your good to go.
From Yamaha's FAQs: Dtx Electronic Drum Kits Adding Extra Pads To a Module With No Unused Trigger Inputs. 1) Any trigger input that has dual trigger numbers next to it can be split for two single zone pad operation. The toms and the kick typically can be split. 2) Connect to the dual tom triggers trigger input with a trs inch to two mono ts inch plugs input splitter cable. Each mono plug connects to a pad for single zone operation only irrespective of the pads true 2 or 3 zone capability. 3) The kick pedal, such as a kp125, often has a jack for pad input built into it. Plug in a pad with a standard inch cable for single zone operation.
yes I plug the phone Or tablet in I use groovedrumming.com for drumless tracks easy to balance drum volume with music. Set is great. Mostly play thru head set but sometimes through amp. I highly recommend
Not 100% sure about half open, but it does everything else and it can also be used as an additional bass pedal.
I owned the Yamaha DTX 400K. The problems were the sounds weren't performing consistently-it had something wrong electronically apparently--I checked all the connections. The real problem, which is well documented by Yamaha themselves, (I have in possession their documentation), is the snare on this kit connects to a horizontal tube. Which when you play the snare the leverage caused by the drumstick beating causes the snare to roll downward. It's the mechanical physics of the design. Yamaha after documenting the problem provided a wing nut for a fix. The problem is no matter how hard the wing nut was cranked down my snare still rolled downward. The leverage is against you vs having the snare are connect to a vertical tube.I tried working with Yamaha customer service and by experience consider it the worst in the music industry. I play a variety of instruments. I'm over 50 and recovering from strokes-so I don't beat the head hard. Within playing a song the snare would "always" roll down. If you look at the upper end kits or other brands in the same price range such as Roland you'll see the snare arm is connected to a vertical tube. This prevents the drum sticks from creating leverage and causing the snare to roll down. With Yamaha having a horizontal tube the drum sticks create leverage causing the snare to roll down. Also, the upper end kits have more arm support if they're using a horizontal tube. Yamaha is well aware of the problem, before I came along. It's clearly a mechanical design flaw-you can see by looking at other kits. But Yamaha apparently knows this, as I said I have documentation on the problem from Yamaha. Yamaha customer service apparently provides poor service my sense is deliberately, (It sounds unbelievable), regarding this problem and it apparently comes to them from corporate. I offered several times to pay the price difference for a better snare arm support. I also don't recall them offering to address the sound module issues which were clearly electronic. They seemed to ignore my requests. At times, I felt they were hostile. I've never experienced customer service this poor in the music industry especially over a problem a corporation is well aware of and should take responsibility for it. I don't know about the Alesis. My question would be the quality of the sound module box with the kit. The Roland I would recommend in that price range for the electronic sound module kit and design. I ended up returning the Yamaha drum kit. I'll never purchase another Yamaha product again. They're actions were deliberate. For what it's worth, in the past few months, I've spent thousands on music equipment. From an American Deluxe Stratocaster, Music Man Base 4hh, an acoustic drum set, amps, speaker cab, microphone, effect boxes, and a vocal PA system. Also, I've been playing instruments since elementary school from the violin, brass, drums keyboards, and later drums and others etc. I've dealt with many companies and stores. But I'll never do business with Yamaha again. I don't recall seeing the Alesis, but I'll bet their snare is attached to a vertical tube. On the upper end kits they also usually provide more support for the snare arm. I hope this goes well for you.
Hi,i m sure it do.
120 volts
Yes, you can set up the hi hat pedal as 2nd bass, but its not feel sensitive. It always sounds loud even if you hit it soft.
This drum set is truly a one of a kind. Although it is my first drum set I can't complain about any of its features. I'm not sure what you mean as far as demonsions goes. Can you be more specific?
It was a while ago, so I can't say for sure, but it all came at once. The throne and headset aren't part of drum set they came in separate boxes I believe, the throne and headset may have been in one box, so at most there would be three boxes.
This microphone requires 48V power to work. Typical sound mixers have that as part of the design, the feature is called "Phantom Power". Line 6 POD devices however do not have this feature. You will need to get either a proper mixer or at least a phantom power supply adapter such as http://www.amazon.com/Behringer-PS400-Ultra-Compact-Phantom-Supply/dp/B000FG795I/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&qid=1382229155&sr=8-2&keywords=phantom+power
Yes, shock mount is included.
Yes, except mic stand. It comes with mic, mic suspender, wind sscreen and cable xlr
Not really... This needs 48v phantom power and a proper mic input. Of course you can get an interface that will connect this to a PC, but then why not just get an inexpensive gaming headset or a usb mic. This mic is an awkward choice for gaming.
If the audio amplifier has an XLR mic input with phantom power, you can connect it directly. The mic comes with the shock mount, so you only need a stand.
It probably won't pick up more than 1/3 of the circle since its a cardioid meaning it records on one side. A mic with a polar pattern that records omni-directional would work more.
It's very good. You won't need another one.
Yes, this would also include the items normally included with the individual microphone. Thanks!
No. This mic is a professional condenser mic and requires 48v phantom power on an XLR connector. If you want to use this mic with a comptuer, the best way is with an interface like this: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00154KSA2 or instead, you can just us a good USB mic like this: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00B5ZX9FM
Any swing arm will work. RODE makes decent swing arms.
Alittle under 15lbs
You can use any brand computer , the soft ware most of us use , ie: Serrato DJ, works best with a minimum of dual core processor.
Yes. This can play CDs, share music from one usb thumb drive (analyses in rekordbox), external input or midi conteol
Yes you will need to install dj software
No it doesn't.
I am not sure sorry I use the USB function
Hello Brian , I flight from Florida (USA) to Argentina and brought it directly in the original case together with the Amazon box and some towels around it in between the two boxes. It was sent in a different despatch at the airport as a "Fragil Item" . It arrived in perfect conditions!!!! I think it's too big to try to take it on board.
I use a 32 g scan disk
Unfortunately this device cannot stream music from either iOS or android. What it can do is utilize an iOS device to control the music. The device that has the capabilities that you are referring to is the Pioneer XDJ- Aero and even with that unit you can only play music off of an iOS device. Android is not supported at this time on any pioneer DJ units.
Install virtual DJ software www.virtualdj.com
it should,i have no moving lights yet but for 89 dollars u cant go wrong ,I am fixing to get 3 more so I can use 6 lights per controller because the price is so good
Any 3 pin DMX cable
This is a controller board. It does not supply power to the light fixtures themselves, it simply plugs into the DMX interface for the lights (or the DMX dimmer switch if the lights do not have onboard DMX). The lighting fixtures can be whatever wattage their power connection (dimmer switch, power strip, wall outlet) and the light fixture itself supports. The board is powered by a wall wart from a standard 110 outlet. I use this in conjunction with ADJ dimmer switches connected to PAR36 cans containing 700 watt bulbs, but I could just as easily use 1000 or 1500 watt bulbs or higher if I chose, and if my PARs supported them (which they do).
It should. It's a standard DMX controller. It works with all my ADJ products.
Yes
Yes, easy to program works easy and simple
4ru rack mount will fit in any pro audio case /19 inches across
U need to go under light and sometimes u have to wave but if u have a door it will detect it
This only works for motion sensing--that is, it will only come on if it senses motion, not when it gets dark.
I use them indoor it may work out door under shad
I put it on the ceiling in the hallway, and it works. It depends on how low your light holder on the wall, it won
Yes. I purchased some in December for my basement. They work as advertised.
It needs an adaptor to use with the lightning connection - 4th gen iPad and iPhone 5..
Yes. Ac adapter is only necessary for iPad use
The built-in sound card is really, I think, the key feature of the z1. As far as I understand, it does a good job balancing internally. The sound output is pretty excellent.
Came with LE, but I don't recall a $50 voucher...
Hi When I bought my Z1, it came to me with the 30-pin cable. A fellow DJ, who also buy it touched him to acquire the 30-pin converter to lighting connector to use with your mini Ipad. I'm talking to buy my Z1 in 2013. My recommendation is that you check with the seller of the product if it comes with the Lighting connector or must be purchased separately. Hope this helps.
I does not.
Very easy. Gain knobs, high mid and low frequency knobs, filters, fader and a crossfader.
This will not work with idj2. You will need to spend $20 bucks on traktor's dj app for iPad. The app works very well. Z1 has a quality sound card inside. I highly recommend it.
No. It runs normaly with the macbook. (Pelo se nome parace que vc brasileiro kk, funciona normal, pode ligar no seu mac e mixar sem problemas. At hoje nao entendi o uso muito bem do cartao de audio MK2 da tracktor.
Just measured my UV strip. It is 7mm
You can wire as many as you'd like, just keep in mind you will have to provide sufficient amperage to power all the strips. So if each strip is 2A and 12V each and you wire 4 together then you will need a power source that provides 12V DC and 8A of power
I had it installed in my vw bus so 12v is right as far as amps not sure I also cut it into 5 3foot strips
They could possibly be harmful as they are ultraviolet ultraviolet rays can damage the skin over time but they are eco-friendly because they are also LEDs which used very little energy
It does not.
The previous answers are not quite correct. You can link or unlink the external inputs. You link them to stereo pairs by pushing their arm buttons simultaneously. When linked, they record to a single file per stereo pair. When unlinked, they record as separate files. So you can basically choose if you want stereo or mono files.
It is not.
Included with the Zoom H6: *Operation manual *XYH-6 X/Y mic capsule *MSH-6 MS mic capsule *SD card (2GB) *AA size (LR6) battery x 4 *Cubase LE Software *WSH-H6S Foam Windscreen *USB Cable *Case
Their documentation says: "NOTE that when the MP3 file type is selected, the H6 only records in stereo; if you want to record in multitrack, you must select a WAV file type." Reference: http://www.zoom.co.jp/products/h6
you can hear what you are monitoring, and no software is required, it is a stand alone unit that can also serve as an audio interface for your computer.
Although I have not used the Zoom H6 in this type of situation, I believe it will work according to the settings in the manual. However to be absolutely sure, please contact Zoom support.
It will not automatically sync the audio, however it shouln't be hard to sync in your editing software if you use slates or claps between shooting.
Yes it is
Provided the Canon XA20 has a 3.5mm mic input the Zoom H6 will work perfectly for that purpose. You might get better results recording separate audio from both the camera and the Zoom H6 though and syncing them up in post production later - that's how I do it.
YES it will! That's the only way I use it. You will need to do a little trial-and-error with where you screw the pop filter onto the stand, since you don't want it to interfere with the arm's movement. If you get everything attached and it seems too heavy, just tighten up the knob at the "elbow" joint. Works perfectly for me. Hope this helps!
It should i use mine wuth an AT2020 now
Trey, I can't be sure if it will hold the AT2020 but I have a hunch it will. Your mic is 12.1oz according to the spec sheet on it. I have many mics but the SM58 I had on it recently is 10oz. The arm handled beautifully. I had a cord on it (xlr) that was not strain relieved and thus had some downward pull on the mic and that downward force was a non-issue as well. If I had to guess, you'll probably be ok with this unit.
Yes you can it just screws right off
Depends what kind of cable. If it is a USB cable then it is pretty much impossible without cutting one of the ends off, threading it and then re-soldering it together again. I just zip-tied my cable to the outside of the frame. Still looks ok and works great.
It's stable enough to hold a condenser mic for sure. Really impressed for the price. Highly recommended. I have a shock mount and filter with no problems.
It is 3/8
Not to my knowledge.
Yes. It can also be used to hang laundry out to dry, bacon,and most fruits and vegetables. Works best with microphones though.
Lol, sheeeeeet id'D be surprised if it worked with your desk. Doesn't event work with its own parts that are included in the package.
There is no dongle required to operate this software.
I can export it with good quality but it is not mp3 it's wav 64 or some more options not mp3
http://www.steinberg.net/en/products/cubase/specs_downloads.html Mac OS X Version 10.8/10.9* Windows 7/Windows 8.x* Intel dual core CPU Intel or AMD dual core CPU CoreAudio compatible audio hardware Windows compatible audio hardware** 2 GB RAM 8 GB of free HD space Display resolution of 1280 x 800 recommended DVD-ROM dual-layer drive USB port for USB-eLicenser (not required for Cubase Elements) Internet connection required for activation, account setup and personal / product registration. Additional downloads may be required for the installation.
I do have cubebase LE 5 as well but since I got this I never use the PC that has the 5 version. This is so much better in terms of interface, sound, the VST instrument (hailon se), more options, control over the whole recording process.. It is worth the upgrade..
Yes. Make sure that you didn't buy the downloaded version. It should come with 2 Disc. Hope this helped you.
1. Create and name a new project folder in computer. 2. Copy your wavs to that folder. 3. Create a new session locating it in #1. Import &gt; wavs into this session. 4. Ensure the project settings match the wav bit depth and Fs.
My software box looked exactly like the preview.
Anytime I have a problem with cubase I just called customer support technical support and they get right back to me they're super helpful good luck
No it doesn't and you don't need one with this version.
I am sorry.but i dont know nothing about it.. I brought it as a gift..
Yeah, it does. I'm looking at it right now.
For general use in a home living room, we use the built-in speakers. My daughter takes piano lessons on this keyboard; our house is too small for a piano, even an upright. Reason for purchasing was this keyboard is a good value in that it has weighted keys and feels like a real piano and the price point is low for good quality. I'd imagine you can use almost any amp. It has outputs.
It has 2 phone outputs for headphones, it also has an external speaker for an amp/audio equipment, and of course the pedal damper jack for a sustain pedal. Yes, it does have a USB port where you can exchange MIDI info to a computer. If you have any other questions, feel free to ask. There's so much this keyboard can do! I'm very happy with it. I love the digital built-in recording capabilities that it has as well.
Yes
The keyboard unit itself is 52 x 17 x 5 inches. Of course, when set up on legs with the music holder in place, it's a considerable presence.
They do. Neither piece is heavy and the stool is quite light (pretty cheaply made) but both fold with relative ease.
It has 3 pedals
As far as I know, there is no way to affix the keyboard to the stand. But that hasn't proved a problem for me. The keyboard balances well on the stand -- doesn't shift or wobble.
I'm not very knowledgeable with electric components - but I asked my husband and he said 220 is what our clothes dryer runs on. He said the piano is plugged into a regular 120V outlet. I hope that is helpful!
All coming in the same box is such 4 or5 feet. Have three sound of piano classic ect and another few soun bud not much like a secuence or sinthetiser
That's correct, the XLR Cable is 20 Feet. Thanks!
Its exactly 3ft
No. It's can't fix in my Panasonic HVX 205. I was lit bit upset about this cable' connector.
Yes, the microphone is included. It appears that the NTG-2 does work with the Canon EOS Rebel from searching online although RODE doesn't specifically confirm that. Thanks for your interest, happy filming!
There are two methods of connection, and three possible connection configuration. Two methods of connection: xlr, and 1/4" . If you use xlr you get all four mics on one channel. If you use 1/4" you can use two cables and have two mics total on two separate channels, or you can you the 1/4" to plug in to four channels separately. If your DJ micxer has the xlr and 1/4" inouts then I do not see why you could not connect it to your mixer
No, it only has the 2 1/4" outs and 1 XLR output for all 4 mics. I use the XLR and then mix with the control knobs on the front. I only use this unit for karaoke.
Hi Paige, We are also using this for a church group but are not experiencing distortion. We occasionally experience some hissing and popping, which is related to batteries beginning to go bad; usually they last about a month with 2-3 hours per week of use. Also, line of sight helps between the mics and the receiver antennas. On stage is preferrable, if the receiver is in the back of the house try to get it up high; human bodies are mostly water and absorb radio signals better than allowing them to pass through. This would be more of a hiss/pop issue, as well, not really distortion. As for the distortion, are you using the "mix" output (XLR) or the four individual 1/4" connectors for output? Both are at line level (+4dB), not mic level (-10dB). If you're using the XLR mix output, make sure the input on your sound board is set to line level, if you can make that adjustment; if not, a quick trip to a live sound store (music or stage) can get you a 20dB XLR pad to reduce the level. In a pinch, you can try turning the knobs on the front of the unit to about half-way and see if that reduces the distortion. If you're using the four separate 1/4" outputs, same applies-they're line level outputs, your sound board should have a switch to select +4/-10, set it to +4; if not, four 20dB 1/4" pads should do the trick. Hope something in this post helps. :-)
Excellent question. I have never tried to determine it. I use it in karaoke settings with no other wireless devices and have never had an issue
Yes, we could special order just the mic. We would need to know the correct frequency. Thanks Jean.
The faCt is...there IS no Comparison to the SHURE series of MiCs that is why the Shure Brand Can live up its slogan" "If you want to be sure then use Shure"
You can connect extra pedals to the Pod HD 500X. There are two 1/4" ports that you can plug any number of chained pedals into and you then just add an "FX" box into the string of effects on the screen. You can then turn these pedals on and off using the POD's effect switch buttons, if you assign the FX box to it. As to how it sounds, that would depend on which place in your effect line up that you put the FX box, but if you are running an unaltered sound through the POD, it should not affect the signal at all, and should sound as if it is just running through your external effect pedal. Alternatively, you can run the audio out, either from the Phones port or the L or R out ports into your effect box, and just have the pod be just another string in your effects. Or you could plug your guitar into the effect box and run that into the "Guitar in" port on the pedal.
A new one comes with a power supply
Yes, it does come with a power chord. So far the chorus effects have done the job for me. They are pretty basic though. I use a chorus in my "Where the Streets Have No Name" sound and it sounds pretty good in that context.
No, the 500x would allow you to integrate your pedal(s) into it's signal chain. It will not control multiple external pedals - assuming your talking about analog gear. It's sounds like you are looking for a pedal switcher.
No
Yes
I use an amp that is running super clean with zero effects on the amp and You can but you have to switch the settings to be able to use a mic and the guitar. :)
I strong recommend It!
It draws 18w, 3A @ 9v dc on its input side afer the ac to dc conversion so with typical losses of a switch mode power supply it would draw around 20 to 25w.480W is over kill if its just for the pod. It could probably run of a modulated sinwave inverter since the switch mode chops the ac anyway. The modulated ones are cheaper than the pure sinewave. I wouldnt try the really cheap square wave ones tho. If are running an amp then it may affect your sound quality if ur not running off pure sinewave, solid state amps would be effected less than tube amps but thhere are transformers in both so I wouldnt try it. If you plan to use head phones then make sure they are really good, something that can handle mids and bass. Using headphones is a let down if you don't have a good pair. Buying a pod for this application alone is like buying a Ferrari but never being able to go over 60km/h.
The minimum is a computer with a USB connection and a DAW such as reaper. You can record direct from your pod to your daw using the driver supplied by line 6.
Yes, they do.
looks like it, according to the website: K3 NEON&#8203; Hi-Def MULTI-COLOR ELECTRIC Multi-Color Coated Electric Guitar Strings on Hexagonal Core.
is a normal electric guitar strings just neon colored I have used them with Rocksmith now for a month and a half and have turned up and down 20 different times and it just now broke the top D string
If it is a 3/4 size electric guitar, you will be fine. If it is a 3/4 size acoustic guitar, these are the wrongs strings and will not work.
Right now, DR only offers 7-string sets for green, orange, pink, and yellow. Those sets are 9-52, 10-56, or 11-60. For the white, red, blue, and multicolor, there isn't a 7-string set available yet.
Yes, if it's an acoustic/electric guitar. Otherwise, if it's acoustic only, just make sure it says for acoustic guitar. I'm sure they make them for acoustic guitars too... Hope that helps some. :)
I don't see why not. It says electric on the package, but they're the same as other strings, just dyed colors. I don't know enough about guitars to know for sure though.
Yes, they should work with no problems. I used them on an SG (a lefty, but no big difference - just backwards). I used them for a couple of weeks to help get used to the color-coding they use for strings in Rocksmith.
They are standard steel strings, just like any other strings (Fender, Gibson, Ernie Ball), except with colors. So they fit any acoustic, electric or acoustic-electric steel string guitar.
These stands are not very strong. I recommend the Rockville from personal experience using them.
Not sure but the shaft is 1 3/8"
35"
yes, it will fit
PA speakers that have the the 1-3/8" mounting top hats.
Comes with an iLok 2 and FWIW I didn't have any trouble with activation.
Yes, i own this unit and my Mac picks up all imputs channels
I use it for production in video and multi-track recording. It's a pretty hefty audio device and it will handle anything you throw at it. It will diminish your latency to basically zero, so you should be happy with it.
"http://www.m-audio.com/support/drivers-search" Enter your system info and find results. Latest driver is "M-Track Quad OSX Driver v3.2.0" for OS X 10.10.0 It should work on 10.10.1 and 10.10.2 because those updates are to fix bugs, not change the system entirely.
Yes if it has 4 audio outputs on the Triton or via midi.
I am using their latest driver 3.2.0 and it is listed as updated for 10.10 (Yosemite), but no update for 10.10.1 yet per their website, but I'm using the Quad with 10.6.8 (Snow Leopard). Maverick was the big problem from the reviews I read. I hope that helps you.
Yes. 4 condenser mics should be able to run at once.
There is one stereo headphone jack on the front. I don't use the outputs on the back, as I use midi, but this is listed in the instructional material. 1/4" balanced outs (1 & 2) with dedicated level control 1/4" balanced outs (3 & 4) with fixed level
No
Yes. Presently I use input #1 for guitar (mono track), input #2 for mic (mono track) and inputs #3 and #4 together as left and right of the same stereo track. SoI can mess with all tracks sdesperately even if I record all at the same time. For 4 separate tracks at the same time all 4 inputs have to go to separate momo tracks.
This product is the LED chasing type called Dream Color, also called "horse racing". The LED's are in groups of 3, driven by one driver chip, 6803 IC. All 3 LED's are the same color but each group of 3 can be any color. This product is only the LED strip and you still need the control box to send the data to the strip to cause the LED's to light up and chase. You will the controller at http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00CKFXKE6/ref=cm_cd_asin_lnk The whole kit with controller is available on amazon at http://www.amazon.com/Dream-color-Strip-Waterproof-Change/dp/B008L9YXJG/ref=pd_bxgy_hi_text_y You will also need a 12V DC power supply like http://www.amazon.com/Adapter-Power-Supply-LCD-Monitor/dp/B003TUMDWG/ref=pd_sim_hi_6 The LED strip looks great as there are 133 programs with a wireless remote control that varies the color, speed and patterns as the color moves along the strip. I hope this helps!!
Actually you can connect the power to either controller, or any of the plugs on the strings. That is right. The power does not necessarily have to come through the controller. I tested and it worked OK. I have 2 strips in serial. I feed the power through second strip instead of controller. That gives even voltage distribution. I don't think that you can connect more 1 power sources, unless that you cut the red wire (have not tried). If you have 4 strings in serial you can cut the red wire to the 3rd and 4th string so that you can have another power connected to them.
As far as I know there are two ways to control these light strips- using a 2.5mm center-positive 12v connection, or utilizing the 6803 controller (a much better option in my opinion.) Search for 6803 controller on here or eBay and you'll see them. These strips utilize 4 wires (V+, Gnd, Data, Clock) but also have a barrell jack connector in case you don't get the controller or prefer not to use these to their full capabilities.
I tried I couldn't get anyone to work every time you cut it was very hard to get it to work again
It only works with IC 6803 strips and controllers.
4
I've used either BLIP_LEDS_SPI_LPD6803 or LPD6803_RGB_Pixels_master library's for the Arduino or a Raspberry Pi with the Falcon Pi Player software with a DMX to SPI Smart Pixel Decoder or E1.31 & ArtNet to SPI Pixel Controller connected to the LED Strip(s)with xLights_Nutcracker to sequence.
No, my shipments did not. I'm not sure if most double sided tapes would hold as this uses a silicone flat tube as the waterproofing.
http://youtu.be/7QDrXYJyb8U They are bright. Heres is a video of one of the projects I did....
Here is a link to the most extensive testing I've seen with these lights (although the link is discussing the 300 LED version, so you'll want to do your own calculations based on these numbers.) Basically the spec sheet states .24 watts per LED. Of course you'll have to take into account the voltage drop, and with 20M of them you'll definitely want to look into dual-feeding to keep consistent brightness/color value... but all of that is explained in the link below much better than I can do here. Hope that helps! http://electronics.stackexchange.com/questions/19413/why-doesnt-my-5050-led-strip-draw-as-much-power-as-i-expect
I have two of the Hohner 32Bs (one for home, one for friend's house). Both needed some tuning, a frustrating process, but worth it. The D'Luca needed the most tuning. It has a somewhat more piercing tone, if that's what you like, and more uneven touch response across the keyboard.
No
I'm not familiar with "polytimbral" so I'll answer the best I can - It is not "multitimbral" in the sense that it does not play more than one different types of sounds. It does, however, play chords, although on this particular model you have to pretty much blow your lungs out to get anything to sound decent. Which is why mine went back home to CA - I got tired of being winded by it. If you're interested in a melodica I'd recommend you keep looking. I was very lucky and got a very tight vintage Hohner. Good luck!
Yes has a handle on the back.
I'm not sure if that is an autocorrect typo, but I'll answer both ways just to be sure. If you're asking "what tone does it come in" like color, then it comes in PINK!!! But if you're asking "what tone doesn't come in" -- All the tones come in fine by themselves, just some take more air in the highest octave. and ya ya, it has a hand strap &lt;:))
There's debate as to wether or not you can get sweet sound from ANY melodica whatsoever, just like there's debate as to wether or not playing the accordion should be a federal offense. However, while my D'Luca provides functional sound at a decent enough quality for street music and playing the background to a tracked CD, nothing about it could be referred to as sweet tonal quality. You get what you pay for. If you want sweet tonal quality you'd better pay for a bit more instrument.
I'm not sure, but I don't think it can be tuned.
Its ability to stay in tune.
Theoretically yes, but you need to use high quality 24AWG HDMI cables.
Switch outputs one at a time. Splitter lets you do both. I tried the splitter but the copy protection on movies prevented it.
Yes, its HDMI 1.4 so it supports higher resolutions than 1080p - I have it powering a 2560x1080 monitor and it works fine.
I use it to switch between two pc's to one monitor and it works great. Not sure about ps3, never owned one. I guess it should work.
Yes, you can.
Sometimes it switches automatically, sometimes I have to push the button.
If you have HDMI cable connections for both devices then it should work. It is transparent to the TV where the signal is coming from if it arrives from a HDMI device.
Yes my son uses this to feed two HDMI sources into one. You just press the button to switch.
it toggles between output 1 and output 2.
No. One output for two inputs or two outputs for one input. There is a button that toggles but only allows one at a time to the 1 or 2 port.
Huge! It's about 5 ft long by 3 ft wide. Heavy, too. I had to get upstairs & hide it because it was a Xmas present. :)
This is not a weighted key piano and does not play like a real piano. If you want weighted keys you need to go purchase the higher priced model.
Hi Yes there are 3 holes to adjust the x bracket on the bench. My 8 year old son uses the middle setting-factory setting Hope this helps
Yes it does. It was a great bundle and gift.
With the stand about 36lbs
They are touch sensitive. As a pianist, this suits me well at home when I am not able to play on a grand. You just have to get "used to" the touch difference. :)
Yes, I have mine plugged into my bass amp.
Easily handles 225lbs
110
Yes
One would have to know a lot more about your TV to answer that. I will try to be very basic because I don't know how much you know about these things. Starting with the speaker (JBL LSR 305) There are two kinds of connectors that plug into the "jacks" or "female" (receptive) connectors on the back side of the JBL LSR 305; either works. One type takes what's commonly called a "phone plug" or phone connector (check "phone plug" on wikipedia to see a picture), also called a 1/4" TRS (tip-ring-sleeve) connector. The other takes what is called an XLR connector. That is how the sound signal gets into the speaker. The phone plug, or XLR connector, are on one end of the cable that will carry the audio signal to the speaker from its source. What we do not know is the source of your audio signal, and what kind of plug or connector needs to be on that end of the cable to plug into that audio signal source. Your TV manual may tell you how to get "audio output" from the TV. It may have a jack for what's called an RCA connector, or it may have a "headphone" jack. However, the signal source you want may not be the TV itself. For example, my TV is set up so that the audio that accompanies the video comes not from the TV itself but from my Receiver (these are sometimes called an "amplifier"). That's because I use the speakers with other media sources, like a DVD and CD player and even a phonograph turntable. The receiver is a complex switching system that takes audio in (from cd player, turntable, etc) and puts it out again, often amplified. If that is how your system is set up, check the manual for the receiver/amplifier to see what audio output ("audio out") jacks it has. Whatever they are, that's the connector that needs to be on the other end of the cable that runs to the speaker (LSR 305). There are TWO MORE points here that are important. FIRST, each unit, or individual JBL LSR 305 speaker, is a "mono" speaker, not stereo. It only plays one track, usually a "left" or "right" track of a stereo signal. So, if your audio output is like a headphone jack, you are going to get stereo output in a SINGLE cable and you have to split that into two, the left and right, and each needs to go to a cable to the JBL LSR 305 that you put on the right listening side or the left (each cable has its TRS or XLR connector on the speaker end). The job of separating the stereo right and left outputs can be done by what's called a "Y" cable or just a special "splitter" that has one plug on one side and two on the other. Usually a receiver or amplifier, if that's what you're using, will have, already, "left" and "right" jacks, so you don't need a splitter, just two cables with the appropriate connector on each end. SECOND, the JBL LSR 305 is what is called an "active" or "powered" speaker. That means it has its own amplifier inside it. Because of that, you need to plug the LSR 305 into an AC source. Also because of that, the signal that you feed into the TSR or XLR jack should NOT already be amplified. Instead, it should be "line level" or unamplified. That is the kind of signal you will get from your cell phone or the speaker jack on your notebook computer or tablet. As the other person posting an answer noted, these are professional audio speakers and give a very "accurate" reproduction of the signal which you may or may not "like." They do have Bass down to 43 Hz, which includes most music, but not the rumbles and noise of some TV broadcasts. They also only give you stereo, not "surround" sound. If what you want is accurate reproduction they are great. Optimally, you would try them to see what you think - be sure you can return them if they don't fit what you think of as "TV sound". I hope this level of detail is not offensive and allows you to figure out how to connect your TV. You are just going to need some more detail about where the audio signal you want to play through the LSR 305 comes from, and whether it's stereo or already Left/Right, and how to get an unamplified, line level ("line out") signal. If it's confusing let me know and i'll try to clarify.
There are no cables included with these monitors. You would need a cable with 2 male 1/4" TS or XLR to a 3.5mm TRS - http://www.amazon.com/Hosa-CMP159-Stereo-Breakout-10-Feet/dp/B005HGM1D6/ref=pd_cp_MI_0 You then would split the two male TS' with one going to each speaker so in essence the 10' cable will become 20' when split. You're going to love these monitors! By the way, the red TS goes to the right channel.
Active. You do NOT need an amplifier. The amplifier is built into the speakers and each speaker needs power and each comes with its own power cord I love the clean sound and works well for near field monitoring. I am NOT a professional in music.
The horizontal dispersion of these is incredibly wide, but the vertical dispersion is much narrower - assuming 6' listening distance and the speakers sitting flat, you would start losing top end about 4' above the tweeters. This could be solved with some mopads or similar with an upward tilt though. As for filling a 10' x 10' room with sound, it will, but with nowhere near the bass impact they have in near-field. I use a pair of these for outdoor listening at low-moderate levels, and add 12dB of EQ below 110Hz, with a 30Hz 24dB/octave high pass filter, and they sound like much bigger speakers than they really are, but with the level of EQ applied obviously can't be pushed hard. In a room with careful placement to optimize bottom end, you could probably get away with 3-6dB of boost in the bottom end to get them filling the room. That said, adding the LSR310S would be the best solution for room filling sound with these monitors...
No
I am not sure, are you using a balanced cable (1/4)" with mono connection? Galaxy S4 might be sending out a stereo signal and the connecting cable might be downgrading the signal to a single channel (mono) connection. You may need two speakers to play the left and right channels. Perhaps your vocals are coming through the other channel. Also check the settings on the lo-pass and high-pass filters (LF Trim and HF Trim). Hope this helps.
Buy a Schiit Sys Preamp, it acts as a volume control and you can connect each speaker to it easily. Then you can connect the Sys to your DAC/amp
Yes, made in China
Hi JB - you can connect your C400 to the LSR305. Using a TRS balanced 1/4" cable, connect the monitor outputs of your C400 to the 1/4" input of each speaker. If you have any questions feel free to contact me directly at timbrown@daleproaudio.com or call us toll free at 888.462.7828. Best regards, Tim Brown | daleproaudio
No, you can not connect this loudspeaker directly to a microphone. The speaker does have XLR connectors on the back, which are indeed the sameas those on microphones. However the electronics at the input of the loudspeaker does not match. - For condenser microphones you need 48 V phantom power. Phantom power is not provided by this connector. - A dynamic microphone may work, albeit very soft. You really will need a microphone pre-amplifier.
You should call RSQ Toll Free at 866.275.1RSQ (1777) to check with them. But I have transferred songs (MP3+G) from my computer to the HD-38 Hard Drive using a thumb drive through the USB port.
you put each disk into the Rsq HD-38 and it records onto the machines hard drive. The machine has a hard drive inside.
yes
You can store regular CD tracks, however you cannot remove vocals from a regular CD disk, you would need Karaoke CD+G disks in order to have the background music and onscreen lyrics
I used the Power CD+G Burner from powerkaraoke dot com.
I downloaded my MP3+G files to the machine using a thumb drive and the machine's USB port without a problem.
Yes you can.
I did not attempt to change the format. All the files I had were mp3+g and all I did is transfer them from a usb stick to the hard drive.
It has aux in but you will have to have a 3.5 mm plug to hook up through the headphone jack.
unfortunately it does not have audio out !!
Yes
Michelle Neuman, I have had all kinds of sound machines and karaoke machines, and this one is the best with sound and size! But you can not hook a Tv up to it. It does have a SD and USB card slot . The cordless microphone is great and it is great for singing and performing out in public!! The size is very compact and for the size, it sounds great and is loud!! But no hook up for the TV.
Absolutely, my review was done entirely on Virtual DJ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BLih1Hw3aiU and as a bonus if you subscribe to my channel I can provide and walk you through everything you'll need to set it up including my own custom map. Hope that helps, KingCast
It's 1/4 inch headphone connection. Most dj headphones come with the 1/8 inch to 1/4 inch adapter but if not they're very inexpensive.
Yes it has a 24 bit sound card built into it.
Perfect mapping wiht Traktor indeed. there is a quick soft update you get from Native Instrument's site. Very happy with the combo.
Mixxx is a solid, open-source program. Just do some quick googling for a mapping, put it in the correct folder based on OS, and you're good to go. Mine works like a charm (on Linux no less!).
Yes
Two of them is also starting gear. It a cheap toy. i suggest cmd it has more button on it. It's more good for learning how to dj.
Yes
Yes
It only takes rca cables.
Yamaha does include the matching legs as well as a small sustain pedal-picture a black spring loaded box. If you want a piano style sustain pedal, go for the Yamaha FC4 or the LP7 pedal board. Note that the FC4 is metal and the LP7 pedal board is plastic.
No
The weight of the keyboard, per the manual, is: 49 lbs. 10 oz. The weight with the stand, per the manual, is: 65 lbs. 1 oz.
The weight of the keyboard, per the manual, is: 49 lbs. 10 oz. The weight with the stand, per the manual, is: 65 lbs. 1 oz.
Yes! I often use it to play along with an MP3 and have all the sound come out the speakers together. Fun!
No, the foot pedal is sold separately. Thanks Zhongyi.
No, just the base. It sounds pretty good. My daughter loves it. It is heavy.
No. Black pedal and no seat
No
Unfortunately, we are unable to ship any of our Amazon orders outside of the United States.
The split point is the point at which you can have two completely different voices playing - for instance a piano voice in the right hand above the split point and an acoustic bass voice in the left hand below the split point. The split point (which comes preset at the F# below middle C) can be changed by accessing the "Function Menu", then scrolling to the "Split Point" setting and then either scrolling or touching the new key you would like to be the Split point. Good luck - BB
Keyboard, stand, power supply, music stand, owners manual. You will want buy a sustain pedal of one sort - either the FC4 (a nice $20 option) - or the LP7 3-pedal unit shown in the picture for $75. The 3 pedal unit gives you additional playing options but perhaps the best thing is that it is attached to the stand itself so your pedal won't be sliding around or away from you when you're playing it!
Yes it is very sturdy, and I sure put it to the test through road travel and intense playing live. No worries.
There are 4 main New Features for the DGX 650 over the DGX 640. These include the STYLE RECOMMENDER (helps you find appropriate backing track (drums etc.) based on the rhythm of a song you are playing), AUDIO RECORDING - the ability to record audio in WAV format (not just MIDI anymore!), SPEAKER OVERRIDE (can route keyboard through sound system and keep the sound coming out of the keyboard speakers also so you can use the keyboard speakers as your monitor). This is very important to me, and AUX INPUT (play along with an MP3 player). --BB
The bass sound is quite similar, perhaps a bit richer with this model, but the main advantages of the DGX650 are mainly found in the higher degree of bells and whistles, i.e. more sounds, more programs, better pedals, etc.
If you are looking for something to play around with, the Privia should be fine. If you are looking to learn how to play a piano it is important to get a keyboard that has the best piano feel which would be the Yamaha. I think the single most important thing about getting a keyboard has to do with the feel of the keys; more important than features or even sound.
Absolutely! The sound (both the MP3 you input and the keyboard voices you are playing) will come through the onboard speakers and/or the line-out.
Yes it can indeed be hooked up as a midi to almost any production program. Quite amazing comes with a ton of pre loaded sounds and synths.
They feel fine, plastic, but fine, it's the action that is incredible. Hammer action, not weighted. All out pianists say it feels like a real piano...we have 3 of these
Yes, via USB port on the back of the unit.
I own the Korg Pitchhawk and it works pretty well. I also own a snark, a couple of d'addario mini's, and a Intellitouch rechargeable. They all work pretty well. My favorite (my go to) is an Intellitouch PT10. I own two of them and find them the easiest to use and am pleased with their accuracy
It is visible in daylight. Best tuner i have used.
not sure about ukuleles ----i would think so
Yes it does- as mentioned in my review, I tune my Les Paul, Telecasters, Stratocaster, Jackson Soloist, and bass with it. You clip it on to the headstock and it senses the vibration of the note through the guitar neck.
The Pitchawk appears to have no microphone. The contact pickup and tuning work quite well for me.
Yes,it is.
Yes on Chromatic mode it can do that! But don't waste your money as the tuner is SLOW to respond and I found it not that accurate in my testing against a strobe and 2 other tuners.
Yes! Inside the standard microphone holder is a plastic piece you can unscrew with a quarter or dollar coin. This can be screwed into the threading of the Snowball (or Ringer Mount if you have one!) to allow it to be fitted onto the suspension arm.
you do not need an adapter! Watch this video! it helps https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-5RprTUro1Q
I use a shockmount (AT8458). It threads right into the stand with the default hardware. No adapting necessary.
It comes with a black thingy to hold smaller mics, however a small piece of it can be detached and it has the right size to screw to the bottom of the Yeti Blue. That's how I set it up.
Yes the clamp is metal, and the mic holder is plastic...
Hey there! This should be able to hold the ATR2500. Just screw off the piece on the end and screw on the ATR2500. I would highly recommend a shock mount if you don't have one already. (:
Yes it will, but the adapter the arm comes with is inside the mic clip and is plastic. My microphone was fortunate enough to come with a metal adapter, and that's what I recommend getting, if you don't already have one.
The thread for the holder is 3/8" (European Standard)
Anything other than the Samson C01U? If you have just that and a microphone mount then it should be find. Comparing weight specs to what I have (AT2020 + Shockmount) the C01U is similarly weighed.
I'm not familiar with that specific microphone, but it should work with any mic assuming it can use a male-to-female adapter.
yes it will fit im using it on my head set Plantronics | GameCom 777 a bit loose on it but better then nothing XD
About 3/4 to 1 inch, insert mic in opening at end.
Julie: Thanks for the note. The windscreens are roughly 1.25 inches tall, and about an inch wide at the widest part. You may find it helpful to look at the image showing the windscreen on/near a headset. If you have any other questions, please let me know. Have a great day!
It is compatible with Mac, no driver need but you should use it with MIDI sofeware built-in Mac.
Dear customer, it's just like the electronic piano that you press the key then it will make sound.
Sorry, it doesn't have
It works like the real piano and support playing a cord with simultaneous key presses.
No. It has to be hooked up to the computer. The sound comes from your computer's speakers.
I bought this for my granddaughter for Christmas and I was embarrassed that it was so cheesy. No, it has no midi interface so it is not compatible with anything. It operates off its own sound card. The only driver you need is the one who drives the trash truck.
I had no problem, you might want to check that the connector is set correct. You might want to play with the settings off your mic also. I will also do a couple of test settings and if I can duplicate the issue I will let you know.
This microphone will work for that but the quality will not be great. In order to capture the voice loud enough you would have to turn up the sensitivity in your camera which will add in a hissing noise. It will be alot better than the internal mic especially if your using a dslr.
No, if kept very well it shouldnt be a problem, just dont force the rubber bands to streth to hard.
Canon doesn't provide a standard cold shoe on their camcorders, so you need to purchase a little adaptor to get from the Canon "advanced" shoe to a standard cold/hot shoe. They are inexpensive and work fine. Then you can use this mic or other accessories with the Canon Vixia. I have both this mic and a Canon Vixia camcorder. Works great.
Yes
Yes it will stop the auto focus motor sound from being recorded. The high pass filter also does a grret job of cutting wind noises.
Been using it all summer with my D3200. Works like a charm!
I don't know if you read my review or not but mine came assembled wrongly, with a missing part and assembled backwards to boot. If yours is complete, whole and assembled properly, it will fit your camera fine. But be warned, the seller and company would not answer my emails and the product was useless until I manufactured my own shoe.
Yes, it works absolutely well with a Canon 70D.
I just use the one provided.
Absolutely!
You have to use lightening adapter(30 to 8 pins, apple brand only) if you are using ipadmini or latest ipad. USB is for pc or mac connection only.
Yes - very easy to select which track, or to record both tracks at once. You do have to remember to switch on the monitor for each track if you use the focusrite's monitor or headphone jack
Yep but a little to much symbols coming thru just have to experiment with mic placement till you get it right
The Focusrite is a recording device. I only use it for voice overs. I suspect you would record the track in question then play back and sing along. Not sure that was the purpose for the Focusrite but you are only ;limited by your imagination and creative skills. Sorry I couldn't be more help.
I believe the scarlet version has another xlr port, where the solo only has 1 xlr for a mic and 1 1/4 jack port for an instrument.
No you do not
It is out!
Hi Yes quality of the mic is good and it was easy to set up.
It's got an adapter cord so you can plug it in.
Yes it would a friend of mine has accoustic guitar and he uses it on his guitar
Tuner is very sensitive,works good.
Not available for left handed guitars at this time. Sorry
It gives you the four main cords to play just about any song as you go through the lesson it will have you remove a cord tab you will learn that cord while you use the other three cord buddy tabs then you will remove another tab a d play til your ready to Remove the third the tab and the same thing til all tabs are gone it makes it easier to learn the four cords once you Learn them the rest will be easier.
Dont know what a parlor guiter is
No
No
Slide it through..starting lower mid and up bto bthe topway look at youbtube..how to install...type in chord buddy...
The Chord Buddy is not currently available for the larger neck that is found on classical guitars. Best thing to do is get a standard size steel string acoustic guitar.
No you cannot use it for the left handed guitar as I am left handed as well and found out the hard way as it is just sitting in my drawer
Yes
Yes, please go to the Pulmonica website to for more detailed instructions, but the short answer is to gently swish it around in a bowl of water or diluted (non-sugared) mouthwash and then again in a bowl of clean water. Do not 'slap' it dry, but set it up on the black edge saying Pulmonica (down) so that the mouth piece edge is up. Let it dry.
The Pulmonica comes in a box, as shown in the pictures on the Amazon page
You can read the testimonials on the Pulmonica website.
No idea.
Well, yes. Especially if the mic and reflection filter are placed inside the lid of the piano it will tighten up the sound considerably.
Yes
Yes! We place one on it and it work great! This is a very nice unit! Love it
No, it's just the reflection filter, not the mic or the mic stand.
It comes with everything you need.
It comes with a threaded post that you can mount your clip to.
The ARF-27 and ARF-32 sound essentially the same. The main difference between those two models is in the mic mounting systems. The ARF-27's system is basic and the ARF-32 has more adjustments. Either of them is larger and more effective than the SE models.
I purchased the Mixtrack quad a couple months back for an affordable controller to use at my local DJ shows. The biggest differences are the fact that this controller has 4 decks rather than 2, and this one has 16 different colors to customize it with. Basically, you pay a little extra for 2 more decks and more attractive colors. The colors are very well lit up and do make it look a lot more professional than the MTP2.
Hi, sorry it needs USB, cannot work with iPad.
only two
There is a service from Virtual DJ that is about $10 a month for you to have access to millions of songs. It is similar to Spotify but you are able to use it through your software. Otherwise you can only use downloaded songs. If you plan to DJ professionally you'll need to buy all of your music and that can get quite expensive so that subscription would be the best option.
There's a master volume and headphone nob in the middle of the controller. Right below the scroll nob
Yes you can, you would need to have the hard drive connected through your computer.
Sound quality is fine, but the system did not work right with Djay Pro and I returned the unit! Numark was no help with the matter!
Nothing! It has the audio built in. You just need a red and white cable.
Sure does I use it twice weekly with Serato DJ both Mac and PC. Excellent beginner to intermediate controller!
I don't really know cause im using virtual dj but I think its not compatible because its quad deck. Im not really sure, sorry
I can't compare the 712 and the 612 because I have never heard the 612. However, I bought the 712 after having K702's for a while. The 702's are wonderful headphones with very detailed sound. I had previously listened to Grado HP 1000 and Sennheiser 580's, both of which more than 20 years old. I heard more with the 702's than I had previously with the Grado's or Sennheisers. The 712's were supposed to have more bass and they do, but they have a slightly different sound than the 702's. It's not just the 702's with more bass. I think the 712's are warmer in the mids as well. Anyhow, the 712's are my favorite headphone. I listen to them at home and the 702' at work. I hope this non answer helps.
I believe the pads are made of memory foam with velour pad material. i didn't really have an issue with comfort, at some point, i fell asleep with these headphones on for 1 hour before. the good thing about these is that they are auto adjustable so you can play around with the pads to make sure all parts of your ears are inside the pads instead of on them.
There is only one version. AKG refers to these and other models as "reference" headphones. From AKG: "The K712 PROs are reference, open, over-ear headphones for precise listening, mixing and mastering. The over-ear design guarantees maximum wearing comfort for fatigue-free mixing and mastering, while providing spacious and airy sound without any compromise. ". It basically means they are for critical listening and can be used to supplement or replace high quality studio monitors. They truly are fantastic headphones.
Should work fine. While I use mine with a Burson Conductor HP amp(4Watts/channel), I have used mine with my Walkman MP3 player and they worked fine. They just wouldn't play at ear shattering levels on the mp3 player. They do require a break-in time period. Seems the more I played them the better they sounded.
About 6 db more bass... also all parts are hand selected. It did take about 100 hours break-in...not that they didn't sound good out of the box. I'm listening to them right now using my Burson Conductor headphone amp.
A DAC is a personal choice it reduces the latency of digital music, the better the DAC the lower the latency. The headphones are analogue and will work with any headphones output, such as the one of your sound card or audio interface whether it be USB or another type of connection. Ensure you have a good audio interface if you are recording instruments such as guitar, again low latency is key to digital recording. The DAC really only enhanced audio playback. Hope that helps.
Never see about warranty at least 1 year, this headphone has a good vocal.
I have the AKG K712's and they are very comfortable, in fact I forget I have them on, and great for mastering music. The sound is almost perfect for the price. I highly recommend them.
Amp is essential for top SQ. Only use IEMs for smart phones.
I am pretty sure these headphones do not support Bluetooth in any way. I own these, and they're not meant for wireless use.
Yes it does.
This type of question should be directed to the manufacturer. One should always follow the manufacturers instructions. My wife has a Supercase. She doesn't remember any reminder card. She has charged her Nexus with the case on with no problems for the last 2 months. That doesn't mean it is safe to do so. It just means we haven't had problems or know about this problem.
No
Works great! The pen isn't the best but the stylus works really well.
The tablet sides are available to charging while in case, however, the tablet, although snug, is easily removable. I remove mine frequently to use the camera function. Not able to use the camera with tablet in the case.
No smell.
I don't recall the dimensions, but the Nexus 7 fit fine.
Yes, there is an elastic loop that holds it
As I stated in an earlier review, this case works fine for the Nexus 7 that I have because mine does NOT have a rear facing camera. However the new Nexus 7's do have a rear facing camera and the SUPCASE that I bought will not allow you to take photos with that rear camera. Inspect what you are going to buy very carefully.
Not sure what qi charger is but you do not have to remove case to charge pad with its regular charger. Normally no reason to remove case at all. Has cutouts for charger and power buttons
I use it for vocals, not R&B, but that should not matter. The quality of sound is really good. It picks up the bass in my voice making it sound smooth. Your blues will sound bluesier and volume is easy to adjust.
I dont see one either, but you can run it from a board or use effects for reverb. so far I've just been using mine as a high powered stereo but hope to record in the future. hope that helps.
It's pretty versatile, but we haven't gotten it to do that. The connection in back are for audio out only. They don't (appear) to support audio in (just tried it: no go).
You should only need to power it up and feed the "XLR through output" from your mix board into one of the XLR inputs on the front this amp. If you're plugging in mics they should be XLR balanced mics for best results.
There are no provisions to mount this on the wall, besides, you will occassionally need access to the rear anyways. Also - you dont need to purchase anything additional to mount it on a mircrophone stand, as it already comes with an adaptor just for that purpose. If you are handy enough, you could mount it on the wall using the bottom center hole that's supposed to be used for the mircophone stand, so it would work like a swivel mount. You would have to fabricate this type of mount yourself.
It's pretty cool. It doesn't give out as loud of a sound as I hoped, but it's good for a small group. It's light-weight and I carry it in a carry-on luggage. I wish it had more option such as an echo dial. I use it for karaoke in a small group of 10+.
You would have to shop around. I use mine all the time at home, so I didn't buy a bag.
NO, it needs to be plugged it all times
No, there is input for a 3.5 m , headphone jack.
You bet it can. Channel 2 can be used with or without effects (reverb) for your guitar!
With out a prayer this amp will run your speakers, check the back of the peavey speakers . a watts rating is given on the plate on back of the speaker box, the amp has speakon conectors so I would recomend cables with speakon on one end and 1/4 phono on the other.
Yes it is switchable from 110 to 220. You will need to supply a conversion plug to fit you specific electrical outlet.
No, there is two Quarter inch outputs jacks 1& 2 these are same mono signal to each speaker. so when you option to use the speakon conector you can run only one speaker or two in paralle. the amp is mono only but still sounds good for small shows.
In a word yes
other than using a transformer adaptive to you supply voltage. I would recomend you contact the manufacture direct to avoid mishaps.
I would use both speaker jacks rather than daisy chain. You can but I kie to use both speaker Jacks if possible . I run 6 12s 3 to each side and itjworks
No it does not.
It will push the tops with no problems. There is no cross over so the subs would not work properly.
yes it is rack mountable. you should check with Behringer tech support for your 2nd question. They are best able to answer your question.
No it does not. The one drawback I have found.
You will also need a phono preamp to equalize the RIAA curve and boost the signal to the line level required by the built-in power amplifiers.
Thank you for your email. This listing is for a single (1) monitor, not a pair. Tim Brown | daleproaudio
Have never had any heat issues at all Great speaker
The 305 version may work but you will eventually want a subwoofer. The 308 version pushes enough bass to eliminate the need for a subwoofer. The 308s are excellent speakers and cheaper if you consider a pair of 305s and a JBL subwoofer. I have both setups and I prefer the 308s. I hope this helps
The inputs on these are, one XLR and one 1/4", you will use one or the other, so you would need cabling to match that on one end and to match whatever the output is on your computer. Usually a 3.5mm trs to either two xlr or two 1/4" does the job. Such as a Hosa CMP-159 Stereo Breakout or a Hosa CYX-402M Stereo Breakout.
You could get two 1/4" to 1/8" and a stereo splitter.
I'm happy with them. They have a good response at low levels.
It's for a single speaker, not the pair
Over drums and a band? No. Over a piano or a single instrument? yes. Its not really their intended use but they are pretty loud for studio monitors
1st i measured the cube. then i used photo shop to create my logo using the same measurements. when i was happy with the final product i saved it to my USB drive took that to Staples Supplies Store and had them print it out for me
If u have access to any foam, this will work with any mic. The foam included was to sloppy for my shure ulx handheld. I custom cut a new piece & works great. Easy on and off with removable top & bottom.
It's a good size 2"h x 2-3/4"w
The foam is included. But did not fit my Reporter microphone. Let me know if it fit yours just to know if it is a particular problem of mine or if it is the products fault
No.
Mine just shows 120VAC, but then I'm from USA. Per the manual: MRmk3 monitors do not support multiple voltage configurations. It does show power requirements for Korea at 220VAC, so I'm assuming different parts of the world sell different voltage models.
Either. We use them together one in the booth and one out of the booth.
I use a focusrite Safire audio interface and it works well
ONLY ONE
I'm not completely familiar with that model but my guess is yes. It should certainly be more open sounding.
This includes the speakers only; no connecting cables. The only other thing in the box is the power cord.
It's indistinct.
No, there is no (headphone) output on the amplifier. your headphone output needs to be on the sound car you connect it on, the studio reference monitor suppose to only receive sound not send. i hope this helped.
One speaker.
You will need a small mixer to control them that cost 50 bucks I use the Alto ZMX 52. There are other brands and you'll need the right cables to do it but do it! It sounds great and you have other channels for other devices. The Ultimate Support stands allow you to place the monitors at the optimum position. My main purpose was for my laptop but they have blossomed into my universal sound system.
I'm guessing they are going with red+blue = violet, red+green = yellow, blue+green= teal, and red+green+blue= white. These colors only appear in the areas of overlapping colors. The lights are so close together that there is some overlap. It is unmistakably RGB, but on a white wall, other colors, particularly white, can be seen.
Yes it can. Its pretty small. About 10 inches but light is very powerful
Nope........just hung it on my son's wall. Seems to pick up the beat in the room pretty well.
I returned mine. I think it is a UK version.
There is no sound activated mode - it's just plug in and it runs.
Although this is a great light... I use 2 of them in my DJ light show, the LEDs project around the outside...all the way around. So the lights are not projecting up or down but spins (sequenced) on the outer edge. If you put it under a table top it would just shine under the top...if you get what I'm saying.
Sorry but the one I bought, I just mount it on my tripod and plug it in, nothing to it, it works for me
Just a few inches over 4'.
stand alone
The one I received was not
For our application at the church that i pastor we chose to go with the myDMX software package and adapter which we got at Amazon as well. Reason being it appeared to be far more expandable than a traditional lighting board. It was very simple to get them up and running with a couple of basic scenes. I just chose a light profile (I used a generic one. They didn't have these in the list but I emailed support and they are creating a profile) dragged it over to the lighting scene setup which btw, told me each light address so i could set the corresponding light and then I just moved each slider to the color that i wanted. The generic profile only gave me 3 channels but I really didn't need strobing or anything fancy yet til i get the profile from support. Are you using software or a physical light board? I hope this helps. If I can help more please let me know.
No
Yes and you can customize the colors
Yep! I used them weekly for awhile and are permanent install now.
This is DMX 512, not XLR audio. I'm not sure what you are trying to "daisy chain" here. Although the plugs look the same, they do not pass the same signal.
Any DMX cable will work Even XLR is no problem. Not sure if that's the answer you were looking fot. It's 3 pin DMX. I have 9 of these particular Pars. No problem thus far.
No programming needed. No DMX cable included. What I do for DJ use in link two pairs together, one in sound mode and one as a slave, and they make a tremendous show.
Press menu until you get to D001. Press up until you se D009 and press enter. Some fixtures are sold as a 7 ch or 6ch, the seller doesn't know the difference. I have 12 3ch units and now that some are breaking I can't find the only 3ch units. And the 7ch units that can be set to 3ch will reset when the power is cycled. Cheap lights. Good luck
Yes it gives a very good and bright color. I would recommend taking some electrical tape and making a bunch of wraps around where the power cord comes out of the unit to add some strength, it is known to fray easily.
Nope
Hi Jorge, the pin has a hole through which passes the string and then you flip to secure. Best Regards from Guitar Tools USA.
Hello, The string post is .24'' in diameter. Thank you
Another venue says 1:15. I have them on my les Paul w Bigsby. They work great after radical dive bomb s. My LP tuners are Great. So I bought the inline style for my mixed up jagcaster project. They are tight and precise w no no play. I'm not done with the jagcaster but my LP stays in tune for days and tunes in a hurry. I can actual tune down to note and it will stay in tune for non bigsby bending songs. Hope that helps.
They are for right hand guitars
The prs mccarty has tuners 3 /3 configuration. These tuners I have on a fender tele, which is a straight 6. These tuners fit side by side. Not the right choice.
Hi Carlos, if you want to put locking tuners on a "vintage" american made stratocaster as I did, $58 is a good deal for these. Mine were very easy to install -- I did not even have to remove the original head bushing or use the screws provided -- just insert the tuner into the original bushing! More important, the locking tuners keep my strat in tune! 'Nuf said. Cheers.
Yes.
No. The diference between the units is the size of the holes. The holes of EBG units are smallest than the holes of DAE units.
They are 6 in line. They were a direct replacement on my Jazzmaster, but you will want to double check your existing hole size so you don't have to get your power drill out and complicate things. :)
They came with two different size bushings but I have no idea what the sizes were
I tested it for your benefit. The stereo plug does not work on my front audio jack. That input is for a mono plug-in. With that said, there is a stereo audio plug on the back of the machine and it works fine. So you will have to test each one, looking for stereo input.. Good luck
I am not an audio expert. However, I do use many of these lavalier microphones with my Sennheiser wireless system at my school's theatre. Noise will sometimes be a problem if the area around the microphone is noisy, especially outside where wind can be a significant problem (possibly reduced with a foam wind screen. Try a lavalier connected directly to your camera; I think you'll be pleasantly surprised with the improved sound.
We use this mic with a Tascam CD recorder, no problems. We a currently running the mic through a Presonus digital board, then to the recorder. If you try to go direct to your recording device, I would recommend you try it first at the -30 db attenuation, then work your way up. Hope this helps.
There's no reason why it won't. If you are concerned about the locking screw, you'll find it isn't a factor in connecting to devices that do not require it.
No
As long as your transmitter has a 3.5mm Screw Locking Jack receptical, you'll have no problem.
It should work, you would need to have a plug or cable to adapt it to your PA mixer.
I can't address any issues with this mic. as I bought it for my grandson's camera when filming deer hunts. I haven't heard anything negative from him, but am sure I would if it didn't perform well for him.
The connection at the end of the lavalier microphone is really a 3.5 mm locking plug that screws into the pack. Closer to an 1/8 than a 1/4 , I guess.
I ordered this for my grandson for his camera while deer hunting so I know very little about it other than it works for him.
Why would you convert 12v to 9v? The lights are produced to operate on 12v. If you are asking if they will operate on a little 9v battery as from a smoke alarm, poorly.... blink a few times and lights out, can test a minute to see if they work ok? If using a brick battery with a few amps or so, they will work ok....or at least the strips have for me, but poorly compared to giving the full 12v+ they are made for. Best I can offer from the question is give the strips the 12v+, and at least 2a per strip needed to work as expected.
Yes they do... You can speed them up or slow them down... Multi color chasing, single color, or different colors all in one. They have 132 different settings... 133 goes through all of them. You can not program these, all programs are preset.
LDP 8603 chip? Do you mean LDP 6803? Are you transposing numbers?
They sure can! The instructions say something about it, if I recall correctly. Mine are on a concession trailer running off of 110 volts but I'm pretty sure that the controller allows 12 volt.
Danny, The short answer is no. Just a quick note! You will love these lights. Bill
I had them out for two monts and had zero problems. I used the command adhesive hooks and did fine. Not sure if you are planning to go underwater with your application.
The 2ft u have left over if u have no 4 pin connection on either side of the strip you need to get (Hintel strip to 4 - pin connector-connector cut multicolor led light strip to 4-pin accessories )
According to the manufacture and what I see with the one's I ordered, yes you can. Great set of lights. Bill W
12v A23. I bought these ones http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B006IBWSLY/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o04_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1
Yes
Yes the 402 VLZ4 supports +48v phantom power.
This is simply an analog mixer so it is used to receive the signal from your audio sources and allows you to mix them together and attenuate volume, change tone etc. So any fades or additional audio you want to capture on your recording you have to mix in by hand as this will not automate or do any controlling of recording software. It's a simple analog mixer.
I just use 1/4 Stereo to RCA converters for the Main Out -- not sure on the tape out, I've never tried it.
Mine was in a cardboard box with a packaging foam cradle with a bag around it as well as the instructions.
Yes
No it won't.
Yes! It does have left & right out phone jacks. The 402VLZ is well-built and can't be beat for the price!
Haven't used a Yamaha in a long time. In general I think Mackies are priced higher with fewer features but I won't buy anything else. Mackie makes a great and reliable product, it's hard to go wrong unless you need more features for the dollar.
You would need more equipment to do that.
Yes.
No you can't. It says in the instructions that you should never connect them to a dimmer pack.
These lights work with pretty much any clamp. Find the clamp that fits your truss, not the clamp that fits the light first.
Yes, while in the process of dimming the lights they do flicker until u stop moving the dimmer. In other words not a good idea to dim while filming.
I agree with Dustin. These work great for lighting "effects" but not much more than that. 8 may do the trick but I can't personally attest to that. We use 4 of them against a back wall for some really nice color ambient effects. I'm definitely happy with the lights at this price for this purpose, but they're not gonna light a whole lot if you're looking to illuminate a stage.
They're the same thing. This is a way better deal if you're looking to get more than one. Recommend buying the daisy chain IEC cables as well since this doesn't come with them.
There is an option to set the RGB value on the light itself using the controls and screen on the back. Something that may be helpful is an IEC male to female power cable so you only need one outlet depending on how many lights you are daisy chaining.
It all depends on the size of the boxing ring. I personally would not use these. I would look at the tri par profiles because they have a much wider beam angle. These are more of a spot.
Approx. 3ft.
Yours is a pretty broad question. What is the application? For up lighting against a white or light colored wall-they are great. For spot lights 15'-20' above a target-they are great. Spot light from the the base of the target-not so much. Additionally, you need to consider if the room is dark, semi-dark and/ or full light and outdoors. If you have a chance please pose similar question, but indicate the type of application. If I can help. I will.
6 ft
This is NOT usb! I bought the product then had to go to a local music store to buy another product that made this product "usb" Hope this helps.
The mic has a male XLR, so the female end of the XLR cable goes to the mic and the male end goes to the audio interface.
USB into a computer.
You have to buy them. Its seperate.
Its not. it is XLR
That is correct. And is usb 2.0 I believe
I'm not 100% sure but try these: 161= 1, 6, 8, 165=1, 3, 6, 8. Use the chart at this link http://www.look4ideas.com/techstuff/dmxchart.pdf
This unit can be controlled by any DMX 512 board like American DJ DMX operator if you want to control the color, strobe rate, and dim manually. It works fine in auto mode and is linkable so you can have multiple units doing the same thing at the same time timed with music. You do need to understand how to adjust DIP switch settings so read the manual.
Each light comes with a brochure that shows you what setting numbers to adjust to get certain colors.
In the back are some numbers is for mixing the colors and to hold one color
no.
What do you mean by channels?
We have enough inventory.
Yes.with a dmx controllers
The booklet wad wrong I had to make one in fixture creator ill look up my values later today and post them
Yes they can be used as uplighting in separate parts of the room just program what color on the dmx in the back and you are ready to party let me know if this helped
Yes if you have all 3 colors on equally it will appear to be white. But just have a little blue tint to it
this products can be set as "Master-Slave" without a DMX controller while connected with more than 2 unites. It also contains built-in program to operate without a dmx controller.
Does not change
Yes u can. All u need is an o-clamp which u can get for under $10
This light fixture does not contain a fan. It is silent.
You can link the DMX but not the power.
I am not sure as I do not have a cheuvet obey 3. It has full DMX assignability as far as I know.
At about 10 feet, the 127 light is about 5 feet wide and very direct. Insanely bright, and almost uncomfortably so. Double the distance, and you are looking at 1/4 the intensity, but with a 15 to 20 foot spread. It's hard to tell as I don't have a way to test it well right now. It is still rather bright at 15 feet as far as I've noticed. I hope this helps. This would not be a good light to illuminate a whole stage as it is very spot on. I have two right now, and they are actually really good spots for a small 20ft x 15ft to mid sized 30ft x 20ft stage. They need to be at least 8 feet away in my opinion. They also have some really good "sound motion" settings. You will be happy with these lights.
They run off of A/C . So yes they have to be plugged in.
The kick trigger is actually built on the bass drum pedal itself. If you notice that the way the pedal looks it doesn't look like a normal pedal because the bar is bent forward for it to hit the tiny sensor below it.
You can buy another pedal and daisy chain it for double bass or buy a kick pad if you have a double. Don't think you can add another hi-hat pedal but you can make rims into remote hi-hats.
no, you need to buy usb and/or midi cables separately
no special key is needed a stadard drum tuning key can be used to adjust all hardware
Between 6 to 8 feet depending on how wide you set it up. If you put it in a corner as I have done it does not feel as if it is taking up any space.
Yes, you have to plug it in to an outlet, but it came with all the cords. Only thing that sucks is you have to assemble it and that takes a bit. But the set is great minus the feedback on the hi-hat choke. Also, you can use any sets of sticks you want. Hope that helps!
No, everything we sell is rated for U.S. voltage. Thanks Alfonso.
No, it just has the single bass pad. Thanks Stephen.
These are the inputs/outputs for this kit. I don't think you can add anymore triggers. 1/4" main left and right outputs 1/8" stereo headphone output 1/8" aux input (6) TRS drum pad inputs (4) TRS cymbal pad inputs Hi-hat pedal input USB MIDI port MIDI In and MIDI out jacks Power supply input Thanks Randy
It comes with the kick trigger for the bass pedal but if you're playing a double bass, you'll want to buy a good pad. I recommend the Roland kick pad.
Sophia, This is a standard "dreadnought" size instrument. Its the best selling size of acoustic guitar by far. We would recommend this size instrument for most everyone from teens up unless they had very petite hands - in which case we might recommend a "student" sized instrument. While not a perfect measurement (hands don't necessarily link to height - a competent guitar teacher would be best to insure), if the player is over 4' 6" in height, they are fine with a dreadnought size guitar like the SA-50 which they can use for life. Your Friends at EZPICKN
No, it didn't come with a case.
Not electric. It is acoustic
I'd recommend this guitar for anyone. I absolutely love mine. My daughter's also loves it!
Ours had steel strings and came with extras
It is a full size guitar.
This is a right hand instrument. It might look a little like a left handed because of the way the picture was taken. The pick guard would be on the other side for a left handed model. If you're interested in a left hand model Fender acoustic, try this ASIN: B004ISK4D8 Happy Holidays, Your Friends at EZPICKN
Imported - East Asia. Fender USA does the design and quality control. 2013 Model - solid starter acoustic guitar & a great value.
Too big.
No, it does not! In fact, I didn't realize it when I bought them, but there is no mounting hole. I ended up BUILDING myself two separate flight cases that could double as speaker stands, but it was a lot of work. Great speakers though.
I have not heard very much noise from there fans at all it's really nice
This listing is for one speaker. A set of two will run between $2000-$2500.
I would think one would be sufficient
Hello Clint Yes you could use your iPhone /pads And in your back yard , As long as it is plugged in an outlet. Thanks in advance and let us know if you have any other questions . Best regards Mike
I honestly think that you could play either electronic having the right connections for them..as for playing them in your back yard these speakers are great for any space..honestly worth the investment!
Negative it is not designed for outdoor use! Unless you enclose it somehow so the weather can't get to it! Hope it helps!
no it does not. The price is for one unit. if you want a stereo pair, you need to buy two.
NOT just a display preference. The strobe is much more accurate. Standard modes are 0.5 cent accurate and strobe is .1 cent. From T.C. Electronics website: "Chromatic Champ Besides the Polyphonic tuner, PolyTune has a chromatic tuner that can hang with the best current tuning technology out there, with an amazing 0.5 cent accuracy. ----------------------------------------------------------------- Full Strobe Ahead The strobe tuner in PolyTune 2 is super accurate and super fast. Finetune your instruments with surgical precision at blinding speeds. Sounds good, right? We're talking +/- 0.1Cent tuning accuracy and in case you don't really know what that means - believe us there are atomic clocks that'd kill for that accuracy."
Yes, this version of the polytune can run off of a 9V battery. (Note that the "mini" and "noir" versions cannot.)
No. But the back comes off easily for the 9V, or you can send it power and it can daisy chain that power to a second device if you want it to.
I don't use long cables causing signal loss, so there is no buffering noticed. Aditionally, there is no mentioning of buffer feature on the pedal manual. If you realy need this feature get a Morley AB switch. It's affordable and you still can you the TC, which is great!
No
Hi, manufactured in Thailand and designed in Denmark.
Yes. It will detect any note on the fretboard and let you know if it is sharp or flat.
No
Yes
It will tune down 5 semitones to B and up to capo on the 7th fret. http://www.tcelectronic.com/media/2830605/tc_electronic_polytune_2_manual_english.pdf
It doesn't cover the screen but does have a rubber type bumper all around the screen. This case covers the back and sides of the phone.
The case is hard plastic with a hell like rim around the outside. It doesn't impede removing it from your pocket or anything though
Idk what a 4g is...if you mean a 4s or 4, no it will not fit...if you mean a 4G capable 5c, yes it is the right case...I do not believe it would properly fit a 5 or 5s though, the 5c is shaped differently.
No there aren't. It's a "plastic-feel" all around. The blue part is the same texture/feel as the clear back
No it does not its perfectly fine
Yes u can its no problem with it
Yes it fit&#128077;
I literally had to yank it off. It's an EXTREMELY tight fit
Sure does.
No, but there is a bumper that some what sticks out to help protect a very little bit
Ultimate Support is the name on it...hope this helps :)
Thank you for your inquiry. This package comes with Presonus Studio One 2 software.
Yes as long you have a DAW it will work
Thank you for your inquiry. You can use the included software to record audio files in your preferred format, including WAV and MP3. For burning CDs you will need a computer with a CD burner.
Yes, the AudioBox has a MIDI port.
Approx 10'
Yes
Version 2 with a free update now available for version 2.6.2
No
Yes
My set came with (2) EL84's and (3) ECC83S's. Works find in the Blues Jr.
Hi Dean, when I purchased them, they came in a complete set of 2 power tubes and 3 preamp tubes. Hope that helps. Regards, B.
Yes
These are JJ Electronics Brand which are manufactured in Slovakia.
Go to the Behringer Web site and download the latest drivers for it. The same thing happen to me. Works just fine now.
It's 16 bit, 48k.
I connect mine to my ipad mini with the camera connection kit, it let's you go from lightning to USB works great
Yes it will record guitar to a computer but it can't drive loud speakers except active ones but can drive headphones.
Yes it comes with tracktion 4 but you need to register the product first and they should reply with a code to get it for free
Yes
Yes it will. There is a switch in the back to turn phantom power on or off and an led on the front that lights up when its on.
I am un-familiar with the piece of equipment that you mention here, but I did not need any additional cables to connect the Behringer box to my computer. Used provided USB cable. You will need whatever cables required to run from whatever you are recording [mic, guitar etc] to run into the Behringer. Hope this helps. My box works great with a Audio Technica condenser mic.
Yes it did
This device connects to your computer via usb. You cannot connect a computer keyboard to this device. It does have a headphone output. Hope this helps.
it has speaker out port
No, it has no remote control.
there is a button to change the input mode. press this button to find the correct one.
it has no jack for a sub-woofer, but has a built-in equalizer that works pretty good.
The receiver is ok, but I don't think it will meet your expectations. I don't think the receiver can handle 1200 watts speakers. Handle means, utilize the full potential of 1200 watts speakers. That is my opinion.
No. It's 110v.
As with any computer, we recommend using a USB interface of some sort to convert your audio from digital to analog and buffer out any level or impedance issues associated with coming directly our of the headphone jack. The Technical Pro USB2RCA would do the job, then you can use RCA or RCA to 1/4" cables to connect to the mixer and have a line level signal to start with.
I hate to speak outright negatively of a product, but in this case I don't feel that it can be avoided. The sound quality of the instrument overall is very low compared to almost any other ceramic 12-hole ocarina. Moreover, this ocarina can't even come close to playing some of the notes a 12-hole is supposed to be able to play - the D, E, and F at the top of the range reached by lifting the thumbs and left-hand pinky, and the A and B reached by covering all the holes plus the sub-holes. I think almost any alternative would be better.
It works alright, it doesn't quite reach the topmost note lime it says it does, and I haven't had a need to clean mine yet. I wouldn't slobber all over the mouthpiece, then it wouldn't really need to be cleaned.
My son's Ocarina came with a sheet that has instructions on how to play melodies including those from the game. I cannot confirm that it includes ALL the melodies in EVERY game, but the list does have game tunes.
I think it's going to depend on your musical background. Not having an "ear" for music, learning to play the Ocarina would be, for me, hard. My great niece, who plays several instruments - if not well, at least with great gusto - picked up on it quite rapidly.
It does not require maintenance. HOw ever ass with most instruments it does not hurt to clean it.
There is both an option to select the effect along with a level control for the intensity of the effect.
The champion has many tonal qualities to it. I find it to be very versatile no matter what I'm down with
It changes from clean channel 1 to fx channel 2, the 2nd button on foot switch them turns on the special fx you set up on each channel respectfully. It is truly one of the best amps i have ever had...the sound is really exactly what anyone would want or ever need.
Yes. It comes with a foot switch. It will let you toggle between effects on and off and distortion on and off
They are not two independent channels. You would not be able to play two guitars and have independent control of them.
Both speakers play at the same time.
Its a clean channel. No FX's. You can however add FX's and amp tones to it if you want
The short answer is yes, but it's never going to sound quite like a high-end tube amp. It is its own animal...One of the secrets you learn as time goes on is that even a cheap amp can do a lot in the hands of an expert. The Champion 100 is fully capable of handling most rock styles, including those you mentioned. I've found a sweet spot on mine using the second-highest distortion setting on the rotary knob selector, and with my basic settings, I can play pretty much any rock style I want. I prefer tone over distortion, but there's plenty of distortion in there, and it handles pedals well....
Im not sure what you mean by"fit into", but the cord will fit if thats what you mean.
Sorry, I don't remember whether it was the Ebay site, Amazon, or Musicians Friend, (probably MF) but I bought an actual new, Fender cover that fit my amp perfectly and had the Fender logo on it. I had to do a little searching....The description said it was a sort of generic-sized cover for older Fender solid state, 2-speaker combos, like the Ultimate Chorus, and I don't think it listed the physical dimensions....Normally, I go to Custom Amp Covers, but I didn't need to, this instance. CAC will make a superior cover, but you'll pay more for it, and you might have to measure the amp yourself and send them the dimensions. I think your owner's manual has those dimensions listed. Whatever you do, a cover is a best investment...
I measure mine: H:18'' W:17 1/2" D 9 1/2" weight 19 Lbs.
The Treble, Bass, FX Level and FX Select control knobs on the Champion 40 actually work on both channels (clean and distortion) simultaneously. The knob settings apply to both channels (which is a slight drawback, but not the end of the world). The Champion 100 (which I also have) has two sets of these control knobs, one set for each channel independently. This means that you can have different tone and FX settings for each channel...and it comes with a foot switch to change channels and turn the effects on or off. The 40 is a good amp for practice or small gigs, especially if you mic the amp. You don't want to crank the volume above about 6-6.5 or you get distortion...it is only a single 12" speaker, after all. But it is still a great little amp! The 100 is definitely better because it is more powerful, it has two 12" speakers, big volume (I have yet to have the volume above 4)...and the separate tone and FX controls for each channel. They handle certain pedals very well. I use a Zoom G1N, an Ibanez Tube Screamer and a Cry Baby Wah. Both amps seem to handle them very well. For the price, they are both great amps for all that you get! And you can never go wrong with Fender!
No built in tuner. That would be nice.
It's rated at 40 watts, what ever that means.
Shouldn't be any hiss. Mine does not hiss at all. Just checked on different volume levels. It does click a little like all amps for a hair of a second. Has feedback if guitar is setting close. Your saying not plugged in yet. Should be no hiss. I get no hiss whether guitar is plugged in or not.
Nope just one at a time
It has an Aux input for mp3 etc.
no. Check out the Fishman amps for dual inputs.
Sorry buddy one guitar only! This is a fantastic amp,
USA shipping only
Yes it does, but I don't like it. It's too sensitive. I would rather use my stand alone tuner.
This is a dreadnaught guitar.. You would need to get a concert size... Check out the Breedlove Discovery Series Concert guitar.. dannyddotcom Thanks, Lynn
Any dreadnought case or gigbag will fit. Thanks Jason.
Yes it does. Pre-amp is really decent too.
Made in China. You have the FENDER ACOUSTIC INSTRUMENT LIMITED LIFETIME WARRANTY. In my opinion, these are better sounding than the Seagull or Teton acoustics. The Martin guitars are a step above the Fenders acoustics. Thanks Jason.
"Natural" is most likely referring to the finish meaning no stain just a clear coat over natural mahogany.
I did not buy hard case for this guitar yet. Sorry
8" speaker. Thank you, Adam GTRSTORE
This amp is 20 Watts. The same wattage as my home based tube amp that is too big to carry around. This little baby can out perform my big amp. i love it. You can dial in many different effects and tones. You will not be disappointed.
Removable? Yes. Replaceable? Yes. Is it 5ft. long? Yes. Three pronged? Yes. Black? Yes. Included? Should be. I got both of mine with the two I ordered.
This amp is very good for what you will want to do with it. I am very happy with my purchase of this amp. I can't say enough good things about it. You will love the sound of this little amp.
the mustang is nice also, but the champion 20 you can plug any device without any distortion or interferance with guitar ,the only thing is that you you control, the volume with your keyboard or whatever device you use.
I like the voice to be on British(red) treble high bass med and the effects on chorus med
You tap it to alter the delay time or tremolo speed. Tap it twice and the time between taps becomes the setting for those functions.
Not sure. I am not sure how accordions have their sound amplified. The Champion is really suited for guitars with magnetic pickups. I use piezo pickups with my guitars, and feedback can be a problem. My guess is that accordions could run into the same issues with feedback. Also, this amp uses a quarter inch jack. I am not sure what an accordion uses. I would do more research if I were you.
Mine says on the rear apron, only 110V.
I wouldn't necessarily call it a mini...its an average size practice amp. (warning) can get very loud warn your neighbors.
It says it has that feature... we could not get it to work with and iPhone or Android...
They are good. It has a good quality sound!!!
I wouldn't know what to tell you about the other Pyle system because I only own this one... This model does play super loud with the built in EQ on. My only problem with this system is that I feel as if I'm listening to the stereo with only the Right or Left speaker on. I was playing some songs that I've heard a million times and I could hear that some instruments and vocals were left out. This has to do with the speakers only playing the left or right speakers while it's connected tithe Aux cord.
Exchange it as soon as you can should sound crystal clear.
It is about 3 ft tall. It is the best speaker I have ever owned. They are extra loud and the lights are a great show piece. I promise you that you will not be disappointed
we bought two of them and have them both running through tv and stereo
are you talking about 2 speakers or 4 speakers
I don't think it is loud enough
Have you tried a Y cable with the red and white audio for the back of the speaker and the 3.5 mm jack to go in the laptop or a cord with 3.5 mm on both ends to go from the laptop to the aux hole in front then you put it in aux mode. That should work, it worked for me like that.
There is no any video but i buy one and it is great a recomended. Sounds great and loud perfect for patys.
About 15 lbs
no
I tried a thumbdrive with .mp3 files and it plays sequentially. I have not tried the SD port nor any other music file formats.
Yes they can. We never use them.
I agree, line is too short. I don't see why speaker wire wouldn't work to extend. If you know anything about splicing, you'll be fine
Honestly I dont recommend for mixing. Its basically a good source yo plug your iPhone/iPad is all.
5/5 five star !!!
Two
Yes it has volumes control over them
whatever Mic that has a cord with the large male jack.
Find the output cable needed for your mixer (usually XLR female or 3.5mm RCA male) and have the other end of the cord be an RCA male. Plug that end into the back of the speaker with it's RCA male female inputs and you're set. Here is an example of an RCA to RCA cord: http://www.amazon.com/iMBAPrice-PREMIUM-6-Feet-Stereo-Plated/dp/B001VIYYCK/ref=sr_1_2?s=musical-instruments&ie=UTF8&qid=1425158042&sr=1-2&keywords=rca+to+rca
No.
No only the pads. I put my on the floor
Equipment show up damaged, I received the wrong equipment, too many issues with my order.
Yes
your RCA is broking
yes
yes
no the lights cannot be turned off, i use mine for outdoor parties and the lights work out well
Yup theres a guitar input on the front panel with controls for your guitar
maybe if you can get the unit to work! I had to exchange the first one because it would not come on and the second one, now, will not work at all. There are better options available...
I use mine for Karaoke and I have the sound hooked trough my laptop and then I have a monitor also connected to my laptop. So Yes, you can use it for Karaoke with your laptop.
Don't waste your money. I'm not satisfied with this purchase.
You just plug it in and turn it on. Unfortunately, my Pyle Speaker rechargeable battery only lasted a year and now the unit is rather useless. Since then I replaced it with the QFX PBX-3080 BT portable speaker which (so far) is a much better unit.
Yes
Yes
It's located on top where the power cord goes
Very long time , i will say 3-5 hours depending how laud you use it maybe more i took it on a picnic and it was good all day , but make sure you charge it right
Almost 20 inches
Yes you can
It really depends... Short bursts will take you longer, but constantly on and streaming, you're looking at 20 mins.
As loud as a wet & dry vac.
1.3 Quarts
No, it has no data port
Is the machine new? If it's old, did you clean the machine and prep it for storage last year? If you didn't you can try the cleaning fluid or get some very hot distilled water and try to clear the machine. BTW, did you use distilled water last year? If you used tap water you may have scaling build up which may not be fixable.
No
The solution used is really bubble mix. We used it outside only so far. There is a little residue I wouldn't use it on caroet but fine on other surfaces.
It
No I do not think so it makes more of a foam type substance which looks like snoe
Hi, unfortunately there is no timer to this machine only a dial to set the speed like from light to heavy. Hope this helps. Good luck :)
The real thing. The case is a little on the cheap side but I'm guessing that the bundle might have been sold in volume at a discount, I don't know. I do own this bundle and it is the real LTD EC1000.
yes i did buy this and its a full scale version...
I think it is a product ID that the kit bundler adds. Example, the guitar itself is simply a ESP LTD EC-1000-VB.
Yes. I use it on my old LG Vortex android.
I think I read somewhere, or saw a YouTube vid that explained that plugging a Lavalier mic directly into a PC using the mic jack doesn't produce good results because there is no power. Seems odd that connecting to an iPhone works great, but not a laptop, but that's what the article said. I use the Rhode when recording to my iPhone, and it is superb. For recording to Camtasia I use a USB mic.
Yes. Plug the lav mic into the iPhone and shoot the video. Also know that you can add extensions to the mic cable in order to move the camera further away from subject, if necessary. I've been using two extensions to my Rode mic. The extensions are by Edutige and available here on Amazon.
You can purchase the Rode SC3 adapter and have it work with a dslr for example. You can look up Youtube for set up videos with this combination
Bitrate would be determined by your recording device rather than the mic. I have an android device, so I'm not sure how the RODE recording app works, however I believe you are able to change the bitrate between 32, 64, 96, 128, 160, 192, 256, and 320 kbps within the app.
You should be able to. when you plug it into your phone is basically takes over your internal mic and switches to the new one.
This mic is omnidirectional - it picks up from all sides equally. That means it'll pick up background noise unless you can get the mic close to the talent's throat so that talent's voice is louder than the background noise. This is not a problem with this mic, it's a problem with all omnidirectional lavs. The kicker is this - the mic chord is only 4 feet long, AND the only extensions available for this mic are noisy (Rode has one, but it hasn't gotten to the States yet). Also, unless you are using Rode's recording app, you have no control over the gain of the mic, so using Apple's video app can have overloads if you're not careful, and there's no way to know until after your recording... The mic and its cord sound great (no noise to answer your question), but the 3rd party extensions available suck. I'm waiting to see if Rode's new extension works well. If not, I'll probably sell mine.
Yes this should work with an iPod as well. In terms of getting to computer, this really is dependent on the app you are using. Normally there are a variety of exports options from the app.
Yes. I would think so. Rode designed the Smart Lav to work with Apple - including software. I have a Samson Galaxy 4 and it works great. I don't know a lot about the technical changes to the iphone6 but doubt that anything was done that would impact the lav+.
Its just a single monitor Aaron. Thanks.
I just measured mine for you... They're not that big. Perhaps that's the size when they're boxed up? Here are the dimensions measured from my Rokit 6's (G3) just now: 10.5" deep, 8.75" wide, 12.5" tall. On the depth, you'll want to plan for maybe another 1 inch or so because you'll have the cable sticking out somewhat. Hope that helps!
It comes with the power cord but that's it
10.83" see http://www.krksys.com/krk-studio-monitor-speakers/rokit/rokit-8.html
These aren't "monitors" in that sense. These are meant specifically for the truest sound possible. Of course, Rokit6G3's aren't perfect, but for the price tag, it's not bad. In other words, I wouldn't recommend such a speaker if you aren't using it for high-end production, like music production or video editing. If all you want is a simple speaker that the artist can hear him or herself, you don't need to spend so much money. At the same time, if you want to LOOK and SOUND extra professional to the artist, you still might consider getting these (look more professional at the expensive of half a grand).
We have more available Thank you Kim at Recording Store
You need to get 1 pair, these are monitors so the left one will be displaying the left pan sound, and the right will be doing the same for the right pan sound, so if you only buy one, you'll have to set the pan to only one monitor which won't be as powerful, hope I helped
Product Dimensions: 17 x 12 x 14 Inches ; 22.1 Pounds Taken straight from the Product Details section.
Of course, i have mine plugged directly to my computer so it's a 3.5 mm standard headphone jack, but the monitors need 1/4, RCA, or XLR. I chose the 1/4 to 3.5mm, i bought these ones and are great: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B005HGM1D6/ref=oh_details_o01_s00_i01?ie=UTF8&psc=1 -Esteban
Although you can technically connect the speakers to your computer and interface, as there are both sets of inputs, the manual says not to, so I didn't.
I heard a lot of noise as well, that is before i bought a dedicated audio interface, like an m-audio m-track, preSonus, focusrite, etc.. If you're not using one, then i'd say get that first. I have no noise now at all settings. From -30db, and i usually have my speakers set at the +6db and nothing. i'm also using the 1/4" to 1/4" plug into the balanced inputs. If you're using an audio interface, then i'd say call customer support and get it fixed.
Power cord? Yes
These speakers are exeptional in detail and quality. They deliver a very big sound for the size they are. As long as you have the right cables I think you will be very pleased. I reccomend them for pleasure listening as well.
Hi Yes... I believe so... They take a good amount of Bass... But aren't cut out for "Thumpin" Mike
It is just a single one speaker~Amin Laboriel, President of Rise To The Top Productions.
I suppose you can directly but it might work better using an audio interface.
Honestly I'd go with the Rolls solid state pre-amp filter and not the passive like I have - I'm going to have to call Rolls and to see what's the best device to boost the input signal into the passive filter - I'm getting excellent sound but I want more volume when using the G5 - for most people it would be more than loud enough - it's really a simple fix of having a good pre-amp - I see what your doing - all I can say is I'm not having your problem with my set up - you need to make sure your signal is clean
I would suggest for you to buy a small sound interface to use the speaker with a keyboard! :)
SMD (surface mount device) 5050 are slightly larger/brighter LED (light emitting diode) than the 3528. The number is the dimensions of the LED used in millimeters. So 5.0mm x 5.0mm for the 5050, 3.5mm x 2.8mm for the 3528. You can connect them together as long as both require a 12 volt source, it may work. That being said, if it works, the life of the smaller LED will most likely be reduced a fair amount because the larger LED uses more watts. It's better to stick with the same specs when connecting multiple strings.
No driver, some connectors
No its not.
You can join up to 10 meters without any problems. After that its best to add additional power supply
Don't want to say for sure, but It converts everything everything else to MP3.
I love my Audiozilla converter. i only use it to convert wma to mp3 so I can't help you any further than that. sorry!
I have version 1.1 and it does not have an option to rip music from a DVD.
When media to be converted is loaded into computer, go to the Left bottom of "Start" tab and right click and open "explorer all user" then go o your media and right click and select the type of conversion desired
i can't remember about registering, i just downloaded it when i bought it. i don't know if you can download it or not, i just have one computer but if i was to get another computer i believe i could transfer it.
Yes you can, as well as other types of audio files.
No
Yes
I am not familiar with M4P, but it can convert M4A files. I don't think there is a restriction on file size.
I know it will convert the individual songs to mp3. Hope this helped.
Of course. A looper is essentially a recorder and will reproduce whatever connects to the input.
This is a close call. Depends on what you need. The hotone is about ten bucks cheaper, a tiny bit smaller, and has a lit and seperate volume switch, and does 15 minutes. The digitech does ten minites, takes batteris, works nicely with other digitech products in th line, has seperate led's for record and dub etc..., and takes batteries. I would go with the Digitech for ten bucks more unless an inch matters. Being able to use a battery with such a small pedal is good (otherwise why buy such a small one) and the seperate led lights are the tie breaker imho.
If you have a 9-volt battery inside, it will retain the recording that is in memory. If you don't, and you disconnect from the DC power supply, you will lose whatever has been stored. I've been burned a couple of times though because my 9V battery didn't have enough charge to retain the recording, and I lost the recording when I disconnected the power supply. (This device is hard on 9V batteries.) Alas, it was never meant to be a permanent recording device, so it keeps me on my toes in terms of getting good at playing the initial loops.
It comes with a 9 volt battery, but; if you want an adaptor to plug it in the wall, you need to purchase that separately!!
Mine came with a battery and it didn't last more than 40 minutes. It started acting odd so I plugged it in and all was well. I STRONGLY urge buyers to get the AC supply when you order the looper. Just my opinion. Maybe I just got a wimpy battery. I haven't tried a Duracell yet. I just use the AC.
Yes
Yep. I just plug my guitar into the top slot and then pass the other top-slot output to the amp. The only downside of this is that distortion from the amp is applied after the looping, which can cause some strange effects. On a clean-sound it works just fine, otherwise you'll want a distortion pedal before the loop-pedal.
you have to remove two screws, take it apart, then have access to the battery!
check the polarity of the tip/ring. if it is the same you may have a bad pedal.
needs to be charged
Yes
Yup
It is my wife's piano. She says she has not noticed any clicking sounds when playing.
Yes
The Casio PX150CSU is a limited edition model that Casio has create You get the Casio PX150 as packed by Casio + CS67 Furniture Stand for 549.99 instead of 599.99! The CS67 Furniture stand sells for $100.00 by it self.
Yes I think it is. I bought one with the free stand and it looks just like it
It comes with ac adapter and foot pedal. Not pedal bar. Also music sheet holder
Three boxes. Two speaker boxes about 30" X 20" X 20", weighing roughly 65 lbs each and the speaker stands in one flat box 42" X 10" x 5". Inspect carefully as my speaker boxes were not handled well by the shipping companies or warehouses somewhere. (The speakers were not damaged except for a bent grill which popped right back out okay. They have worked well for several outdoor concerts since.)
Hey Biggy J.. No TS Cable Line Output.Only XLR Output/Input and RCA Input.. They sound great for the price..
Yes the Rockville logo does light up, red in color when the speaker is powered on.
you don't have to because this is a powered speaker. what you need is a mixer.
Black Wire connect to both speakers
No. As long as they ate XRF or RCA wireless module.
Good Day. Yes, it will work non-stop even more than that. Thank You
There is a port for av hook up so yes u can. These are awesome pair of speakers
Yes. Separate power sources for each
Just plug the power cable into a power outlet then plug it to were that other end matches on the speaker box.the audio cable depends on what u are using to play thru them because ou got 2 separate in puts 1 for rca and 1 for xlr cables that came with them need more help let me know
This does have USB but not USB hosting. Meaning you connect iConnectMIDI2+ to iOS, Mac, or PC via USB but you can not connect USB MIDI peripherals directly into iConnectMIDI2+. You have to route them through a computer first then to the iConnectMIDI2+. You would need it's bigger brother. iConnectMIDI4+ if you would like to plug USB controllers directly in without use of a Computer.
The provided cable is different, it goes from 30pin to USB type B, not type A. For more, see this: http://www.l-com.com/content/USB-Connector-Chart.html
I am pretty darn sure you can - Youshould go to the app store (if using iOS) and check out the config app. I have not done this but this thing is configurable in out up down and sideways! pretty much what you plug in there - you tell it what to do and if the controllers are able to be individually set to separate midi channels somehow independently then YES. I have a couple controllers going into mine and one is playing iPad synths and the other reason synths. Hope this helps. If you have the loot I'd get the newer model with more midi and I think lightning instead of older 30 pin...yadaa yadaa
This does have 2 independently routable sets of MIDI Din Outs. So if I understand your question correctly the answer would be yes.
I don't own sample tank. Check the web site to make sure it is compatible with iPod 4. If it is it should work
Sebastian J. - the 30pin to Lightning adapter is needed to connect the supplied cable, which has the "square" USB end to 30 pin Apple end. USB connects to the iConnect box and the 30pin connects to the adapter which plugs into (newere) IPads. If you have an older IPad, you are good to go with the included cable.
Let me set this straight, this item comes with two cables. One is a USB-A to USB-B cable. The other cable is a custom 30-pin to USB-B jack cable (similar to Apple's 30-pin cable). Both are about 5 feet long. If you have an Apple product that uses the newer lightning port you will need the "Lightning to 30-pin Adapter". The camera connection kit WILL NOT work. The power adapter is only needed if you want to charge your iDevice when is connected to this product. It's not needed to power this product.
This would be an AWESOME gift for a 15 year old DJ. The only thing that he would need is a pair of speakers, a pair of headphones and some cables. Thanks.
It already come with the Traktor Pro 2 Software! It's an amazing controller :)
Yes... It's a download!
Amazon needs to update the picture. We have the MK2 and you will get the MK2
yes runs on Windows 7 just fine. Yes you can also create your own recording. It will record WAV files format
Call Native Instruments (323) 467-2693, Speak to technical support
In terms of capability, I feel like they
Depends on what you're doing. If you want to more DJ and mix tracks then the S4 will be fine. If you want to get into live remixing then the S8 will be better. All comes down to what you want to do (and how much cash you have).
Not sure - I purchased item as a gift for a young person and added the extra insurance - didn't check warranty - sorry I can't help you
No
It sounds a lot clearer with this version, so yes, I believe it is fixed.
Hi Tessa, It is in stock,you can order it now. http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00C69GC3W
Very good finish, beautiful sound, but in the high tones has some detuning
The keyboard just sits on the stand. There is no securing it so it feels stable.
Not as of a month ago, when I received mine. :'(
Yes it can. You use the function button and enter 003. You can then raise or lower the key with the + and - buttons.
No, the keys are not weighted.
The keyboard is not touch sensitive, however, it's still a good keyboard for beginners
They do not feel like they are. The keyboard is great! You'll love it if you choose to purchase it.
I went to the owner's manual to try and make sure before I responded to your question, as I didn't think this model had a 'record' feature. As far as I can tell, it does not. BUT, the instructions do indicate that you can connect this keyboard to a computer, ipad, or smart phone. I'm sure you can call Yamaha, give them the model number, and ask them if music can be downloaded from a computer or mobile devise. The manual doesn't say anything other than it has the capability to connect them with this keyboard.
Unfortunately, no, not really. The bars that are supposed to support the underside of the keyboard are too long to fit in the grooves, so that you either have the keyboard wanting to flip over away from you, or flip over towards you. I am likely exaggerating how unbalanced it is, but nevertheless, with its tendency to slide on the stand, it can become a real issue.
this is NOT the one. I'm a pro musician (bassist and keys) - this is just basically an upscale toy. in other words, you'll get what you pay for... good luck!
I bought the Yamaha Piano Style Sustain Pedal. It plugs into the back of the keyboard and works just like the pedal on a regular piano. It's heavy, does not move while using it, and I'm extremely happy with it.
Yeah it comes with a plastic piece to hold your music. It just slides into the groove near the back of the keyboard.
My 13 year old says it is not touch sensitive.
This was a gift for my granddaughter the keys I believe are not weighted as this is an electronic keyboard many stores have this model on display very popular now. Standard pianos have weighted keys. I went to a local music store to check this model before buying on Amazon. Price is more reasonable on Amazon.
yes , nice beginner keyboard
Yes, both my 12 and 13 year old girls use the headphones while practicing their piano at night, so they don't disturb the house. They both say they work great and have no trouble hearing their notes.
61
Some of the sounds are nothing like the real thing. Banjo? Not realistic at all. But hey, this is not an $800 keyboard.
The stand fit just fine. My son is a beginner and he has made great use of it.
I have no idea. I am a consumer who bought one of these myself. The grips on the stand hold it just fine. My daughter takes it often on so often I would not want it to be secured down
Yes.
1/4" is all you need. It works great.
Yes, using the mini headphone jack out to a 1/4 jack to your amp.
It sounds great to me. I've done a few jobs with it and an acoustic guitar with a pickup and the people seemed to enjoy it
I really don't know. My son I think connects it to the mains. Sorry to not be anymore helpful.
I guess I would try new batteries.
This is a simple drum machine. I suppose you can do all that if you have fast hands to turn the knobs and push the buttons while you are playing. Look up the manual.
Yes, it saves them.
Yes Sean. It comes with instructions on how to set up each foot pedal. It's pretty easy. If I could set it up I'm sure anyone can.
No
No. It only has jacks for power and headphones.
The dimensions are L x W x H. I apologize I do not have the bench dimensions.
No earphones :(
The on/off switch and volume control knob would be located on the left had side of the piano.
Yes. The power adapter is included.
The keys are not weighted and have a very light touch.
Yes
Limited Lifetime Warranty
Plugged in!
We have the item in stock and can be shipped out right away in time for a Christmas delivery within in the continental US.
I think it could work for what you want to do, but it can leave a light oily residue. I mix my own solution--check the internet and find out how. Doing that you could make adjustments to fit your need. Glycerin is involved, it spoils and has to be used quickly. It is available at pharmacies. Mixed with distilled water it will spoil when stored, over the counter mixes are laden with additives to prevent spoilage. You will be warned that doing so is dangerous. I report, you decide. I always mixed my own and I could fog out our street, both sides, at least two blocks worth. The unit you are looking at worked real well for us and I think it will last a long time.
If you use the remote, you may turn on and off as you wish which would include short blasts. The attached on/off switch would also work but it puts you inside the fog.
Make sure it's warmed up to the green light comes on then try. Also make sure black tube that feeds the machine is all the way to the bottom of tank as well. If making a loud noise before green light comes on its deff a defective product send it back asap, that's all I can help with there.
Hello, Yes, it can! It not only can connected to a timer, but also can connected to a wireless remote control too. And 1byone sale all of them.
I Used Froggy's Fog Juice Liquid, it made really impressive fog.
depends on the fog liquid you buy I assume, it does not come with fog liquid.
Yes you can turn it of.you will love it
It's safe to use indoors; however the fire alarm will go off
No. It does heat up but that hot.
Dear Ivan, in air-drumming, you can get rebound off the palm of your hand by using a relaxed German grip (palms facing somewhat down). The rebound happens because the butt of the drumstick bounces on the fleshy part of your palm. This enables you to drum as fast as on a real drum. We explain this in a video we made about rebound. Unfortunately, it is not possible for me to place an internet link here. I encourage you to search youtube for "Aerodrums" and "rebound".
Aerodrums doesn't have a feature to play audio sent to the computer via the line-in jack. However if you transfer your mp3s to the computer, Aerodrums has a playlist feature that will let you load those songs to drum along to.
Yes
Yes. People have used Aerodrums with EZ Drummer, Superior Drummer, BFD, SSD, Studio Drummer and others, using Logic, Pro Tools, Kontakt, Reaper and others as hosts. We provide presets for the popular drum samplers.
Aerodrums comes with samples for a China cymbal. You can make additional drum kit pieces using your own sound samples. Aerodrums will sort them by velocity so you can have proper dynamics. So if you have samples for octobans, you can add them to your Aerodrums kits. Aerodrums is also MIDI compatible. This lets you drum into any sampler that can take MIDI notes as input.
It should work.
I sent it back after a week. Terrible product.
Hello Sebastian, if Amazon.com does not propose a shipping option to Colombia to you, then I am sorry but you will not be able to purchase Aerodrums via this channel. If it does, then the extra costs and shipping time will be displayed. Sincerely, Yann
Yes
Yes it's possible, the sticks included however probably shouldn't be used on a physical surface as the reflective material on the sticks isn't rugged enough to handle that for too long. A user customized his own pair of sticks to use on a mesh pad he owns to great success. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pa_BvfZHrlY If you read the comment section, he responds to a question about what he used for his little mod as well.
No
This stand is generic, I am sure it will work as long as you keyboard is a standard size.
I received my set and I love it. My son is 12 and needed the bench and stand, I needed the head phones :-). We own a Casio WK-225 keyboard and it is compatible with the stand. The stand and seat is adjustable. The customer service at Austin Bazzar is fantastic. I would recommend this product to everyone. My keyboard has its own stand so no it does not come with one.
Yes it will and I think you will be very pleased.
It has one hand screw. It's extremely easy to assemble.
Hello, 1&#65292; this item is without power supply, so you need to prepare a 2A 12V power supply. You can refer to http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00ABCT8A0 2&#65292;this remote can only control led strips, and cannot control bulbs. Thank you!
Dear friend, on each end of the RGB led strip, there is a 4 pin male and famale connector, you can connect two rolls into one strip. But please kindly note that it will need a 4A ~ 6A power supply for two rolls.
Yes, it can. but please kindly notice it is 12V, you need to prepare a 12V 2A power supply. and notice to keep the connection of the remote control box and the power supply to be waterproof.
16.4ft.
Yes, the choke on the crash with the session kit as well as the snare are dual zone. The toms however are not dual-zone. Just to be clear, 'dual-zone' in this case means a rim zone and a center head zone. You can also tweak the hi-hat 'splash sensitivity'.
it's such a huge problem it makes the system unusable.
Here are the dimensions you asked for: H - 25.2", D - 12.6", W - 19.68", 40.78 lbs.
Yes, it comes with the bass pedal that is shown in picture. The bass pedal also has the ability to be connected to a second bass pedal if you are looking to have a double bass (you'll have to buy the connecting cable and second bass pedal separately).
Yes, this comes with everything you need except sticks. The kick pedal works the way it comes.
The DM7X session sound module has two 5 pin DIN (full size) MIDI in/out jacks as well as a 'printer-type' ('D-shaped') USB jack.
5'x5' will do it.. about the same space you'd need for a real (acustic) drum set..6x6' would be better!
the mallet swings in a downward position and strikes a small rubber pad on the unit.. everything is included..
I haven't played many other electric kits but I feel this kit is very good. The dynamics even on the bass drum are very good! I'm very happy with this kit I've used it on some recordings and it sounds great! Love not having to take hours trying to set up a acoustic kit and tuning and mic'ing up a kit. The price for this quality of a kit is good too!
Great kit, satisfied with all the features.
From what I can read on the back of the headstock, it appears to have been made in Mexico...but I'm not positive. I emailed Fender but haven't heard back from them yet.
To get the guitar in germany or europe : Contact me: superhorex@icloud.com
No
mail me at t.holmes@zonnet.nl, I can definately help you get one.
I can help you get one to germany, mail me at t.holmes@zonnet.nl
I can help you get one to germany, mail me at t.holmes@zonnet.nl
You could TRY to do that...doubtful it would come anywhere near as nice as this one. Then there is the fact this was issued by Fender as a special , limited run package. That alone adds extra worth to the guitar. But imo, the guitar itself is of such quality through and through, that is the top reason if you needed some kind of justification, etc...The frets in particular feel a bit larger and more comfortable than a stock MIM tele to me.
t.holmes@zonnet.nl I have a few and will be happy to send one to Norway from the Netherlands.
t.holmes@zonnet.nl I have a few and will be happy to send one to Germany from the Netherlands.
I just got #256 two weeks ago.
Nope! Just a music player with an SD card slot and FM radio.it has to be charged using a USB cord
I have not been able to get it to connect to my computer or anything else since I got it. I asked the seller, but they do not know.
About a month
Yes it is.
I still have no idea where to get them, i can't even plug mine into my computer.
no instructions, so maybe, but I've not figured out how yet.
it definitely doesn't come with a card, it looks like there might be a slot for a micro SD, but without a manual it's tough to say, and the only micro SD I have is in my droid phone and I'm not inclined to pull it out to test with.
Not im buy too , i have same problem this its sucks
FedEx Ground/Home Delivery (Free).
Dimensions: 58.9 x 21.5 x 12.8 inches ; 83.6 pounds; Shipping Weight
When we ordered there is no bench. But the latest deal looks like coming with a bench. Check directly with the supplier.
Power adapter is included (120V).
87lb
Yes, both. By default we use FedEx.
This item is under the full warranty from Yamaha.
Yes, you can (very easily). You hit the Shift/Touch Mode button to turn that feature On/Off. It's off by default.
You need to download serato dj which is free to download. I do not use Serato as I use vdj pro. I believe that with vdj you get 150 usd off the pro software with any of the compatible controllers. I have had other DJ's use this and all they did was download serato dj and install it. You need to plug the controller in during installation but it worked fine.
Yeah it fits in the same case as the ns7
So far no issues like that. All buttons are excellent. Only complaint with this unit is that you can forget about putting it on a plane. Even with the flight case the side knobs were badly damaged. It is also well over the usual 70lbs with the flight case. Other than that, it is fantastic.
Not at all. I've performed on Numark and Vestax controllers for the past 5 years and the Numark NS7 II is a flawless controller as far as I can tell. I'm very surprised to see anyone complaining about it actually. Did you buy it used or try to modify it yourself?
As far as I know they are not playable and have nothing on them. I don't know if they'd even fit on a standard deck if you were able to detach them from the spindle.
im not familliar with serato but there is a seperate bank for samples so im assuming you can assign them on the spot
it cant power 15" tops. maybe 8" tops. i wouldnt power any speaker off the sub amplifer. the amplifier is hardly powerful enough to power the sub so hooking more speakers up to it is a bad idea any speakers you have need the be active/powered or have there own amplifier im not a fan of this sub
The satellite outputs have a switch you can turn on a 200hz filter (removes all &lt;200hz) an the satellite outs are 150 watt outputs. Left and right with a pan nob.
Hi Anthony. This depends. How many watts per side on the powered mixer? If you are at like 325 watts or less to 15's then this could be ok if you had 2. You need about 150% of the power that you have going to your mains going to your subs if you have one subwoofer for each main woofer. Your powered mixer would also need a passive balanced output for the monitor.
Yes, there are two satellite outputs that require a speakon cable for output & whatever your 15 inputs are. It really depends on how much power you will be needing. But it should be able to power them just fine. I have jbl 15's that are passive that it can power. Adding this sub was the best decision I made. I get such a full sound now. It's exactly what I was looking for and it will be a great addition to your setup.
Plays great for me for wat I need I own two n two 1600 Pyle pro 1600 watt speakers n two VM motive 1100 watt on poles for my sub's from my laptop I split of one side passive n one active...n I can beat a house up...!!!! I play for the youngins n they love me for it...clips a little easy for me...but some say it can play tapping the red... I like mine...one doesn't clip much at all on 8's...I'm OK with um...they complete my young set.... DJ-421 KILLS IT...!!!
No it has a built in amp thats why its a powered sub You can run mid/high speaker off of this built in amp and you can daisy chain the input sound to other powered speakers
Connect a LINE LEVEL (not spkr level) out from ur mixer TO the sub. Then FROM the sub to powered spkrs or an amp and spkrs.
Hello. The XLR male outputs are a passive line level throughput to share an unfiltered signal to another device like a powered speaker or an amp. The Satellite outputs are affected by the high pass and eq options and are designed to send amplified signal to power a passive speaker.
Yes
Self powered. Great product, i bought one and today i should get my second. Fast shipping and well packed no damage
Yes it works fine!, just use the iPad air adapters, the air 2 is easier to snap in and remove than the air (which was really tight), but is held securely. I use it every day.
I do not know about 1st generation ipad but my is about 2years old 16GB and it fits fine
It does come with fittings for an iPad mini, but I don't recommend this product. It's wobbly.
Unless the description specifies it, I would say "not yet." Currently, the iClaw comes with clips for iPad 1, iPad 2/3, iPad Mini, and iPad Air 1. It might take them a little while to manufacture clips for the newest of the new. I would say the same thing about the newest Mini, assuming it's thinner than previous models.
Not Likely! You need a shock mount of some type.
Not the way a camera attaches to a tripod. It can if you have a microphone threaded head attached to the Tripod. It doesn't have a tripod thread screw.
Not real sure about the newest Ipad... sorry...
I haven't measured it but it's probably about 6" long. If you raise the headrest and attach it to one of the metal rods it may work.
No, you wi not be able to use your cover with the claw. It is designed to latch over the iPad itself only....
P have the air(1) and it's the same dimensions except for thickness as the air2, so you should be ok. If it's loose, you could back it wit a piece of cardboard, but I don't think you'll have to.
It's about the size of a XL recliner space. Not very much space needed because it folds into smaller chair
You have to have a DAW(digital audio workstation) or a standalone audio program/ midi device that will allow you to access the midi sound bank within the dm lite module. the output channel on the dm light should always be on channel 10.
Yes, this kit certainly could be played in church, but you need to know exactly what this kit can and can't do and decide if it would be the best choice. Specific to your situation, here are some things to consider: #1 The kit has only a couple of traditional drum kit sounds to choose from. They're good, but not great. (You could, however, use the kit as a MIDI controller if you had a better kit sound running in a DAW on your computer.) #2 The pads are all velocity-sensitive, which is good, but again... since this is an entry-level kit, you won't get the range of expression that you would from other high-end electronic drum kits, or of course from a real drum set. #3 Please keep in mind that the DM Lite has pads that LIGHT UP whenever they are struck.... it's a cool blue color, but it may not be the type of distraction you would want during worship. #4 The kit is probably the most portable you will find. It can fold up very compactly, so if you are having to lug it back and forth to church it's probably as easy as it can get. So, consider all of the above and make the decision. This kit has been great learning kit for my son to use at home as a beginning drummer, but if I was going to purchase an electronic drum kit for my church, I'd definitely spend the extra money for something better like the Roland V-drums, which are made with performance in mind, not just for home or beginner use. I hope this helps!
25-30 pounds.
No. The wires are strung around the frame and connect into one central cord which plugs into the display pannel
No
No
Not that we know of
Plugs into standard outlet, only thing you need are speakers or amp. We are using a higher end set of computer speakers or headphones.
Yes you can, takes just a little practice to get a feel for the snare.... Placement of the drums was important to me, once I got it where it worked the best, we have no problems at all... They sound pretty good too, and takes up a small foot print in the house... Oh when the kids play I can turn down the volume which I really like... Don't cheap out on the amp.... We bought a mid size Ampeg bass amp. and it's perfect... Hope this helps, good luck!
Yes it is. Made in America. it's a great guitar. where did you find 1?? i got mine in late Nov. 2013. thought they were all gone by now. i think they only made 500.
Yes it does
Yes it does with a truss rod wrench and documentation
Yes, the LiveMIC is working with Bose Soundlink Mini speaker since both are using pair code "0000". Please use Mode A on LiveMIC with Bose Soundlink mini speaker
yes, the LiveMIC is compatible wth Clear Sounds Connect 360 System with the Quattro Bluetooth since both are using pairing code 0000 and A2DP. Please be sure to use Mode A when you pairing with Quattro.
Distance and line of sight is required, if you have an obstacle, which includes yourself or possibly other actors could interfere with that line of sight issue. I needed to go thirty feet, when I turn my back to the listener it became intermittent. It did not meet my needs.
Yes, LiveMIC can be paired with Phonake ComPilot since both are using same pairing code "0000". Also, you need to use Mode A of LiveMIC to pair and connect with ComPilot. LiveMIC is a good wireless microphone to be used as remote wireless microphone since it is eqiuped 2 microphones, Omnidirectional and Unidirectional microphone and other rich features.
Yes, the LiveMIC works with Big Blue Bluetooth speaker since both are using same pair code "0000". Also, you need to use Mode A to work with Big Blue. Suggest to use Uni_directional microphone for your speech to have better sound quality.
yes, she can use this LiveMIC to capture the remote sound source and steam to iphone5. Then, you can listen from your phone. She need to use type B mode on LiveMIC using with iPhone 5.
Yes, it can pair with bluetooth woof2 speaker to be used in a class room. Also, you can consider to use Nolan Bluetooth LiveMIC + Bluetooth receiver set which both supporting low latency to reduce the audio lag if your bluetooth speaker did not support low latency, fast-streaming feature.If you like to low latency delay, you can consider to using our LiveMicRX solution which both microphone and receiver have equipped the latest fast-streaming feature and only almost without delay which can solve your current audio delay issue. You can plug the audio out from Rx to line-in/audio in of your speaker. Below is the link for your reference. http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00K1PDXMG
I would say yes. First off, you'll reduce or eliminate the echo you get with hearing aids in a room. Secondly, I find the audio quality improved when compared to the onboard mics. I take this mic and place it front of stage at live music performances. One noticeable thing will be the audio delay when used with TV. Your dialog may be off slightly. My $200 TV transmitter from Siemens doesn't have any perceptible delay, but it does have a perceptibly larger price tag.
yes, it can work with BEM bluetooth speaker
LiveMIC supports 2 types mode, type A and type B. You need to use type A mode with blue light quick flashing to pair with Auvio 1000 speakers. If the LED light is amber/blue flashing alternatively(type B mode), then, you need to switch back to type A mode. Also, please make sure the Auvio 1000 at pair mode to pair with LiveMIC. Both will pair/connect automaticly.
It depends on your mixing speed and finger placement. The regular size novation pad have slightly bigger buttons than the mini, but they both work the same. I purchased the mini because I downloaded the app on my iPad mini, so they work together. I'm just learning myself so I wanted to start off with something small and not too expensive just in case I lost interest in it. I'm still having a blast with mine, it's so much fun creating your own beats and music. Hope this helps out.
They are not velocity sensitive. These have a slight almost "click" to them and are great for clip launching but not for finger drumming
Hi William. You use it to make music and control Ableton. You can use the pads to trigger samples, affect volume, change effects, pan, etc. The included software (when purchased new) gives you access to tons of sounds, samples, and music creation tools. It's a powerful little instrument.
You are correct, we'll have to work with Amazon to get that fixed. It's actually roughly 7" x 7" x 1/2". Let me know if you have any other questions. Jay Pixel Pro Audio
No, you must connect this device to a computer or tablet because it needs a software that you install and is included
totally useless paperweight without a computer.
There are still a few hardware samplers out there. They would be the most similar to what you're asking about. Here are a few to compare: http://www.samash.com/akai-mpc-studio-music-production-controller-ampcstudi http://www.samash.com/electribe-s-sampler--keltribes-p http://www.samash.com/roland-sp-404sx-portable-sampler-rsp404sxx http://www.samash.com/korg-kp3-effects-sampler-kkp3plusx Please let us know if you have any questions, or if there is anything we can do to help.
The Launchpad must be powered by a computer there is no other form of power
I run it on a laptop with windows 7
The only input on this is a USB input and it cannot be used as a stand alone device.
Depends on your balancing skills.
Has to be through a computer or iPad. It's designed for DAWs like Ableton Live, Fruity Loops, Logic Pro, etc. This is a midi controller, not a traditional keyboard/synth.
Yes
Very, the controls are very easy to function and the keys feel great and are super resposive as well as the drum pads. Highly recomend this peice of equipment, biggest bang for your buck
Totally....!
The unit should work with no issues, however you may wish to contact Reaper directly to be certain.
Novation Launchkey comes with software so that you can plug directly into an ipad and do amazing things. Contact novation support for more help.
Live lite 9...
I bought my Launchkey at the end of Feb. 2015, and the version of Ableton Live Lite was 9.1.7. You download from the Ableton site (you will have to set up an Ableton account), and the activation code is supplied by Novation. You can get either 32 or 64 bit.
I think it's better launkey because the keys are bigger than the mini akai while still being portable. the launch key also has more pads
This was taken directly from Serato's site regarding Windows 8 compatibility: Windows 8 and 8.1 are not currently supported for use with Serato software. There are many users running Serato software with Windows 8 and 8.1 without problem, but official support for an Operating System takes time due to the rigorous testing required. We are working towards our software supporting Windows 8 and 8.1 by fixing issues as they come up and furthering our testing. We are happy for users to test their setups with Windows 8 and 8.1, but until we are certain of their reliability we recommend that users don't perform using them.
+-8/+-16/+-50
Yes it does...but you can also download an upgrade version after you install it...I hope the helps you out
The machine doesn't record. But the serato DJ software does.
Its usb powered :)
Yes this controller uses a USB connection to a computer
Yes definately! Volume is very clear and If you plan on getting one you will not regret it. Honestly sometimes I have to take the whole thing off even when I just have one ear in!
Yes it can be done but extra shipping needs to be charged.
Yes it is that's what I'm using now
yeah - it's usb powered. you plug it to your laptop's usb port.
Yes it does
Yes. Im taking advanced guitar lessons. My instructor has a bass guitar and he plugs in his to tune and play sometimes. I have a small office where we practice and I don't have to raise the volume past 2-3 and it sounds amazing... It really is a good amp for practice or just playing ...
If he plays for a crowd, not really. It's good for practicing and playing with friends but definitely not powerful enough to put on a concert. You would need a higher watt amp.
It should work, the sound clarity from the amp is great unless you max out the volume.
No battery power option for this amp.
about 6 fts
I would say no... The distortion is really distorted and the clean is a little distorted, but not in a jazzy way...
no. It comes with a power cord only. You need an rca stereo jack cable to plug into the amp end..now I don't know if you'll need an adapter for the other and of the stereo cable, but if your plugging in to a guitar you shouldn't need any adapters. But I don't know what you are plugging it into so I can't say.
I just checked on my own and I think I would be loud enough for use with drums in the basement, but only using distortion. If you're going for a clean sound, forget it. You'll be limited on what sounds you can get with it distorted. Overall it's a great little practice amp, but not to be gigged with. Hope this helps!
yes it works, but the sound you will get.... not so good, makes you sound like a chipmunk, maybe the kids will like it.
It plugs in
The back of the amp says 120V at 60 hz only
I'm not familiar with bass guitars, I guess that depends on what tuning adjustments are required
No it has only the power cord.
I don't use a Theremin, but if it uses a standard 1/4" amp cord, I don't see why it wouldn't work. The amp sounds great with my guitar. It is a small amp that I think is perfect for at home solo practice.
If you mean does it plug in .... Yes it does
Yes
Yes it has and i hope i can provide you a photo by just adding it up on this responce i hope amazon cam revamp the feature :)
it has its own power. thats a great little amp for home use. we use it for a lap steel guitar
Yea Desktop computer? Or laptop? I didn't have any problems connecting. It cones with virtual DJ installer disc free (: the disk has drivers on it for whatever UI you have all the way back to windows xp
Yep, that's how I do it when I don't wanna get everything out. Just wanna do some practice mixes in bed when I wake up in the morning.
I assume your talking about using djay on your android device. No, you can't on any system. That's the ddj wego3 which will work with android. This only works with laptops and iDevices.
I highly doubt it man, the the cable it uses is for the iPhones 5 and up
Yes, but note the version of virtual dj is limited
Yes.
No, there is no android version of the software.
Yes, I believe you can use w a Mac laptop as I hooked mine up & it seemed to recognize it. I have not tried it in a professional setting or venue. I can't answer with accuracy your other questions.
lt happened to me too and the only solution is to use the computer for this noise disappears
It is about the same size
No it's only compatible with Apple's iPad and iPhone with the lightning connection. But you can use it on any computer usesing the USB connection with its software.
Works with new ipad Djay app.
Yes it is brand new and because we are authorized dealer you get one year factory warranty Let me know if you gave any other questions
Because of the sound card when you use the headphone que buttons on track 1 and 2 there is no need for a splitter.Just use the rca outs to your mixer or speakers.
Yes, no problem
You will need to update the unit
Works with any powered speaker that could plug into the wego2 and it uses the iPad with the lighting connector or an apple laptop more.
on serato's website mentioned it supports ddjwego and ddjwego 3. not sure about the wego 2. https://serato.com/hardware/all/controllers you might want to contact serato support to find out.
Comes with Virtual DJ software made especially for Pioneer. Computer software mirrors the controls of the mixer and has customized features.
It uses USB 5V 500mA as power source.
I believe there are extras but since my speakers blew out and I ordered new ones from Amazon, I won't know until I start working w/the software. I'll update by August. I make local color films and music videos. I'll definitely reconfirm. It's a good product and I've already put one track there and need to record a vocal over it. Opening the program it looks pretty extensive. Be back w/more later.
Yes, it does. You can split the midi editor in a piano roll view and a staff view. It is a very basic view, not on a par with what you can find elsewhere and it has the disadvantage of being on a single horizontal line and confined in a view that il normally too narrow, you might want to enlarge some windows and take advantage of the creation of a specific work view. If this feature is critical for you, consider downloading a demo from the Music Maker site (magix.com)
I have not had to be connected to the internet to use this other than for activation and updates
As long as you don't use all of your licenses up on one PC, you can download it on to more than one PC and register it using the key. I have magix on my laptop and I let my sister use my last license to download the program onto hers.
Save the music as an MP3 n save to ur media files n burn the disc from there.
Yes you can on both questions.
Less then a minute.
That is correct but u need Internet to register the software.
Yes
Any standard 9 volt pedal power supply will work. The OneSpot works well. The key is that pedals use a negative center connector. That means the center part of the connector is negative and the outer ring it positive.
You need a smart phone to use the TonePrint App. You can also connect the pedal via USB cable to a mac or pc.
It keeps the last reverb used.
No it doesn't.
With the mini, gots to use tone print. The one knob controls the level of effect only.
The IRig comes with three cables, lighting adapter the 32 pin and the usb. So works with new iOS old iOS and USB to computers.
Yes it does..
I believe that is possible
yes
Hi I didn't try but I think it will work.. I saw that they have an Irig Microphone.. You can check it out
If you record through guitar amp in garageband, you'll not get those noises. Try it (y)
Yes, usually functions as a USB audio interface for OSx and Windows.
No
Not that I know of
Ya it doesn't need Internet connection to work.
It's only compatible with Windows
Mine had a very short manual. I learned more from Youtube clips
Most definitely! I bought this for my son for Christmas and he's got several cds now. The equipment you use makes the difference between good quality and not. U can look him up on Facebook or SoundCloud and hear the quality of music he has made. Look under "YaBoiKavan". Some of his stuff is even on mp3 download apps. See what you can do with this software for yourself! Good luck!
I suggest you go to the Calkwalk website which can answer all your questions.
Yes
Sure you can. but remember, to input your guitar sound you need not only just software, instrument microphone and audio interface is also needed
No
Windows 7/8 2.0 GHz CPU or faster 2 GB RAM 4.5 GB free hard drive space for minimal install, 20 GB recommended
It's a boxed item with DVD.
Iook on youtube. Check out this vid, MIDI recording product X3
No. The battery is double AA. I changed battery after 2months. I used it often that's why. But if you will not use it so much maybe the battery will take more than 2months.
You either plug in your karaoke directly to the input on your soundbar or TV using the RCA jack.
We have a surround system with our tv. It doesnt need to have a seperate speaker so the tv speakers should be ok
Hi Juaning! Thanks for your interest. The 5,157 built-in songs of GRAND VIDOEKE already includes the free 2,120 songs/7 Music Vide Packs contents. And this is available in the GRAND VIDEOKE (TKR371MP) here in Amazon.
No you don't need a HDTV. It will work on any TV that has composite(Yellow, Red & White) inputs.
I don't think this will be an issue. Tried it with ours and it works well.
There is an EQ for the mic and an EQ for the music. I think factory defaults are set in the middle for both.
Yes. I like the system so much but the voice delay was annoying. My bose system has a delay adjustment and was able to improve the delay from 2sec to half a sec. That half a sec was still annoying. Apparently these are common with all wireless mic karaoke. I just wish they fix the issue.
There is a SD port on the side of the docking unit used to house the 2 mics. You can buy SD cards anywhere, such as Radio Shack, Game centers, even Walmart. You can choose the songs that you want to upload to the SD card by inserting it into your computer or laptop. Then you can simply insert the SD card into the port of the docking unit.
Opm hits are Philippines Hit Songs!
more power and control is always better....but at any reasonable listening level, I don't really need one......(same situation)......
Actually, most Shure products are made in China. Its an American company though. (Designed in the USA, made in China, just like Apple :-))
The case is pretty bulky. Doesn't travel easily
You just buy a separate microphone then. Most probably you will have a socket for microphone on your computer/sound module, if not then get a splitter cable that turns the headphones+mic socket into 2 separate sockets. Anyways, if you really need a mic then you should probably look for other product with mic built in. I recall I saw some good options in AKG or buy additional cheaper headphones+mic like sound magic e10s to use for gaming and use theses Sure headphones just for music listening what they are best for.
It's Amazon's best marketing tool. They set the price a crap ton higher then what it actually is, then they put it on "sale" by changing it back to the normal price a few days later and then they say you're saving the difference in money.
I combined enough 2' sections to back light 18, continuous feet above my kitchen cabinets and control from a single power source and remote controller. I've not noticed any excessive heat on the transformer from extra sections. I can't say however, if there is less lumens due to the additional load as I dim the contoller to the max for muted lighting. My advice is lay the connected sections out on the floor to test. I have LED lighting above and below my cabinets and couldn't be happier! I think you'll be pleasantly surprised by the effectiveness of this lighting. Good luck. John
No
Push the color button you want
Yes
and?
My only concern would be the weather proofing of the strips, the power adapter is similar to a laptop charger so if there is any possibility water could get to that or into any of the many connectors, i have no idea what would happen, but as long as rain or snow or sun is unable to get to the strip or the power cords i would think you would be fine. also the commercial grade strips are the same thing but can go up to 80' (40 strips) with one power box as the residential can only go 20'(10 strips) per power box.
6 2ft sections
It becomes a dead end.
I doubt they would last in the weather. And the adhesive isn't all that strong. Rope lights are designed for outdoors
Closer to a cool white but the brightness can be adjusted lower to make it less "blue" looking
Hi, It all depends on the source - these can play sound form any device - MP3, CD, vinyl etc ...it all depends on the device you are hooking up. Please let me know if that answers your question or if there is anything else I can do, My very best, Jennifer Millennium Worldwide
Mine state 110-120v, 60Hz
each speaker his its own amp i believe so each speaker his its own power chord to plug in to outlet.. the speakers have 3 options for connection... as long as your turn table has any one of those types of connections. you should be fine with out getting a preamp.. as long as you have a volume control on the turntables you probably wouldn't need a receiver..
These are self powered so no amp is needed.
You need an audio interface. Usually plugs in via USB. The. The speakers can conect to that. They connect via 1/4 inch cables. An interface will run you about 200 for a cheap one that's good enough.
Rock out!!!! Best solution would be to connect the computer into the mixer feeding the monitors then it is no different from any other source. If you are connecting directly to the computer headphone jack just be careful not to send too hot of a signal - if you hear any distortion at all then turn down the volume on the computer - and you will be fine.
I am not sure Evan, but here is the link to KRK Systems giving full detail on the speakers. Maybe there is contact info to call them. Good luck. Link follows: http://www.krksys.com/krk-studio-monitor-speakers/rokit/rokit-5.html
11 inches
both couldn't hurt. I run 1/4 myself.
When ordering these monitors, you'll have to order the cables with them. I ordered the XLR to 3.5mm cable. The 3.5mm splits to two XLR plugs, one for each speaker.
no
Yes, they should. If your order doesn't come with power cables, it should most definitely mention it. Otherwise, file a good ol' complaint!
We are not a international shipper with Amazon
We have free shipping for orders in the Continental United States
hey mate, they are great for mixing. you will not need an extra sub as they hv inbuilt subs. infact the low end sounds fantastic on them.
Hi, If you have a mixer with 1/4 inch of XLR outs or even RCA - you can simply connect the mixer directly to the speakers. If you have an RCA connection, for example, one side of the RCA would go to one speaker and the other side would go to the other - since it is split into Left and Right - so one speaker is on the right and the other on the left. You can set these up for Compute Karaoke - you need need a wire that looks like a headphone jack on one side - so this side would plug into your computer where you would ordinarily plug your headphones - and the other side should be Dual RCA - Left and Right - so one side goes into the computer (the headphone jack side) and the RCA side has to be split between the two speakers - one connector goes into one speaker and the other connector into the other. This would definitely work for you. The wire itself is maybe $5 at most. If you have any other questions, please don't hesitate to let me know. My very best wishes, Jennifer Millennium Worldwide
Thank you for your inquiry. This bundle is just for the pair of speakers. You will need to purchase the cables separately.
Thank you for your inquiry. If your receiver has XLR or RCA outputs, you can run an RCA or XLR cord from your receiver's outputs to the inputs on the KRK RP8G3-NAs. Please let us know if you have any other questions.
Did you ever receive these? i ordered and didn't receive by 1/7 and dont know what to do
We got this last year for our sons for Christmas! It is an awesome starter kit, actually comes with a throne. We purchased the Zildjan hi-tops/cymbals that were on sake last year and have since added a cowbell, and several different kinds of drumsticks, mostly Vic Firth. Best wishes to you on this fun purchase!! Rock on!!
No
Each piece individually is not very heavy at all. I cant recall exact weight buy my wife carried it in and wrapped it for my son...so I couldn't be that heavy.
Awesome kit yes there BETTER
The set comes in one box and the box is sturdy and packed well. It should be fine for air travel.
Yes it does come with a throne.
No.
Before my purchase I had a professional drummer, music teacher, and a store by the name of "Sound Vibrations" view the item before I made my purchase. All stated it was a great set and a great buy.
I have an Epiphone Dove which I think are the same dimensions and it fits perfectly.
My son flew from Seattle to Norfolk VA and his guitar did fine in this case... it also locks so that is a bonus
These are the specifications (size comparison) from the Taylor website for acoustic guitars. Grand Auditorium Body Width...........16 Inches Body Depth............4 5/8 Inches Body Length.........20 Inches Overall Length......41 Inches Dreadnought Body Width...........16 Inches Body Depth............4 5/8 Inches Body Length.........20 Inches Overall Length......41 Inches Based on these dimensions the Grand Auditorium should fit snugly in a Dreadnought case. Best advise (if this is an option) would be to take the guitar to a music store that sells guitar cases and request to see if it fits in a dreadnought case. That would provide the most definitive answer to your question. If the guitar fits - this is a case worth the money. Good luck.
It should fit a D45 Martin since it was designed for a dreadnought guitar. However, I would hesitate to put a $10,000 Martin as beautiful as a D45 in a $55 case. I would look for a Martin molded case specifically designed for their D45. It deserves a better home.
The case is 17 wide 44 long and 5 deep I am not to sure what the dimensions of your guitar are but I think most dreadnoght guitar not number should fit measure their on yours if you are not sure.the latches are kind of flaky but for the price they are good cases
What is your acoustic guitar's ' body shape? This case fits a standard dreadnought.
Fits great, no room to slide around.
I tested it with my: Fender CD220 SCE and It case is perfect.
I would say no. My Oscar Schmidt LP fits snugly in this case with no room to spare.
Chromacast, made in Taiwan
12"x12"x20"
I can't find that anywhere, my guess would be China
It only has a MIDI in port, however it can do limited MIDI I/O via USB. It only outputs note events, pitch bend, and mod wheel. None of the pots respond to or transmit MIDI.
hello! well i do recommend this for beginners in synthezizers, this one is of the simple ones`, but attention! this is not a toy, is a very powerfull machine, with wich you can do a lot of things. so if you are looking for a simple keyboard this is not for you. instead if you want to experiment with sounds and start to understand synthtezizers, this is a good start. this instrument will fit very well beginners but also experts who know how to train this little monster!
Yes
Exact same
They can be used simultaneously. There are no separate volume controls so the volume knob controls both.
This is a real analog synth, ready to plug into an amp and play out of the box. Except for the sequencer there is no memory - the knobs are all what you see is what you get. Arturia does make some "hybrid" software/hardware synths, but this isn't one of them.
Box content MicroBrute synthesizer. User manual. Preset sheets. Power supply. 2 mini jack patch cords. Size & weight Instrument size : 325x221x60mm Instrument weight : 1.750 Kg MAIN FEATURES: Monophonic synthesizer 100% Analog Audio Signal Path Steiner-Parker 2 pole Multimode Filter (Low Pass, Band Pass, High Pass) Analog Voltage Controlled Oscillator Oscillator Mixer (Overtone, Sawtooth, Square, Triangle, audio in (on rear panel)) `Overtone' sub oscillator/5th generator Signal Enhancers : Pulse Width Modulation Ultrasaw generating fat sawtooth waveforms Metalizer bringing extreme harmonics Brute Factor delivering saturation and rich harmonics LFO with 3 waveforms (Sine, Sawtooth, Square) LFO clock syncable to Arpeggiator (Arpeg, or free). ADSR Envelope Generator Keyboard Tracking on the VCF Cutoff 25 note minikey keyboard Mod Wheel (assignable to Cutoff, or LFO amount) Pitch Wheel (with selectable bend range via software) Octave selector from -2 to +2 octaves External Analog Audio Input CV In jacks: Pitch, Filter, sub-harmonics, pulse width, metalizer, saw animator CV Out jacks: pitch, envelope, LFO MIDI Inwith 5 pin DIN connector USB MIDI In/Out 1/4" Audio Output and 1/8" Headphone Output Full Function step sequencer : 8 memories up to 64 steps per memory tap tempo rate control step divisions (via software) trigger modes (via software) MIDI Sync Steel bottom panel 12V DC 1A power supply
Yes.
Yes but it will only trigger the filter, not the synth itself, unless you hace some kind of midi or voltage controlled beast
You can use a midi controller as long as 1.its powered, 2 you intend to only input midi notes and use the pitch and mod wheels. as for going from one patch to another, its all got to be entered by hand because its analog. But thats part of what makes the sound so great. Limitations with the gear ya use open up creative doors.
I ordered 2 a year ago and they are not like the original. You will get (per cable) 2 small cable locks and the cable itself. Save time and money-go to a local hardware store, take a piece of you broke cable(to get the right replacement size) and you will be set!
You get the foot plate unit, the beater assembly (which attaches to the cajon), the beater, the cable connecting the pedal to the beater, and a bracket that clamps onto the bottom of the cajon and enables you to attach the beater assembly. Also, a drum key and a couple of small wrenches. I had one of the early versions of this pedal and the cable snapped after about 30 mins of use. (See the posted reviews.) After fitting the replacement cable supplied by the manufacturer, this pedal has worked very nicely, with no problems.
This thing is very poorly made and the cable snapped after a couple of songs. Contacted Chromacast and they sent two new cables and still snapped after a few songs. Very disappointed!
Speed and action were good. I've tried the Gibraltar cajon pedal and the action was terrible -- there was a major delay between stepping on the pedal and the beater moving. Unfortunately, with this ChromaCast pedal, the cable frayed and has almost snapped after only ONE gig and very little use overall. I've tried contacting ChromaCast for a replacement cable with no response from them, and both Amazon and DPS (the only dealers who are listed on the ChromaCast website) both say "out of stock" on the cable. Action and functionality don't matter when parts break immediately.
I'm guessing 3 feet... The great thing is that it can be placed on either side because it meets the striker in the middle. I'm a leftie, so that is a big plus!
Multi Q doesn't suit on Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 2014 Edition. Actually, we have a plan to develop it in the future, but we don't have any specific date yet. Once we get the specific day, we will get you informed. Thank you so much for your interest in Bibtone Products.
Technically, you can use any device ranged from 57mm to 80mm. But for Galaxy Note 3 as well as Galaxy Note 10.1 2014 edition, it will be too tight when you try to adjust. We plan to modify Multi Q in order to hold a large device easily. Thanks for your interest in Bibtone. We appreciate your suggestion.
Dear customer, It only comes one pad with one product. Thanks for your interest in Bibtone products. We are always here for you.
No, It won't ruin the guitar finish and you can remove it anytime you want. This adhesive part works the same way as a windshield sucker holder. Please be sure to clean the surface of guitar before attaching it to the guitar. Thanks for your interest in Bibtone products. We are always here for you.
Yes
I don't know about the iPhone earphone, but it accepts standard headphones, and silences the speaker when headphones are plugged in.
A USB is not necessary. It comes with a cord and can be plugged into an outlet, so you don't need batteries
No
I bought a MIDI to USB connector, but I could never get it to actually connect to my computer. Also, it only has an output, not an input.
No. It can not be connected to iPad.
Yes the keys are full sized.
Yes
Yes
Yes
yes ,you are right
If its dmx. Good luck figuring out the channels.
No. Rain will damage the light.
Yes. there are a lot of settings, one steady color is an option.
There is a fourth channel that sets the strobe rate. I think I remember that you need to have access to this fourth channel if you want to set it to "constant on."
I'm fairly certain mine can do that. They dedinateky dont need dmx to work, you just flip the dipswitches.
The Lights are DMX controlled meaning you can use a DMX controller or Daisy chain them. Instruction sheet included. You can dim them by the controls on the back and change colors as well. I daisy chained them. Work very well and sturdy. Each has a DMX in and out as well.
Maybe 40-60 watts? I think.
I don't believe so, or at least I can't get it to work. The sound activated mode flashes through colors very fast unless it's slower music or beat.
There is not a controller included. There are dip switches on the back to control color and frequency. Great light...I will prefer more!
No, only DC
They are close to 3 watts per foot the entire 16.5 feet is 48 watts for these double density the standard density are 24 watts per
12 volt battery, any 12volt adapter(wall transformer) with enough amp rating for how many lights you are putting on it. I think the whole coil only requires about 1 amp (1000ma) Hope that helps
Its 3000K
I don't know the exact lumens but the 600 led drivers over the 300 is amazing you won't be disappointed , I used them for under cabinet lighting in kitchen
the set i received was 8
not sure, never bought the light strips.
I would use the one they sell here along with the LED strip and use a dimmer after that. Not sure how well it will work with a 120 v dimmer to dim the strip lights. I have a hard wired plug inside my cabinet .That is the point I plug in my power pack then used a dimmer from that point on to your strip lights. have fun and good luck
they are self adheasive. peel of papr from back and apply
It is 2.1mm.
For learning, I recommend Synthesia, it costs $7 the learning pack. For playing I recommend Sample Tank or Garageband.
Sound comes out of the "attached device" such as your iPhone/iPad. But you can hook it up to an external speaker/stereo or bluetooth speaker.
Andrew, I bought this earlier this year so I just measured it and came up with 23 1/4 x 7 3/4 x 1 5/8 inches; this is the actual product not the box so I think that's why my numbers are a little different from the previous answer.
Weight: 1.59kg/56.09oz .... http://www.ikmultimedia.com/products/irigkeyspro/index.php?pp=irig-keys-pro-specs . . . if you can figure out how it works! :-)
In inches 26 x 9 x 4=size of box. Keyboard = 24 x 7 x 1.5. Approximate dimensions.
Yes. It's like an alternate input device. It has interfaces for both connecting to iPhone/iPad and for USB connection to a computer. I have used it only with GB on iOS and expect that it would work fine with GB on OS X as well but I have not tested it myself.
1. Yes it will be extraordinary! Bluetooth and wifi AC to maintain fluency. 2. No don't like it
It should work with any MIDI compatible software. Its Core MIDI compliant.
No samples. This is strictly a midi keyboard which you can use to play midi instruments on your computer/ipad, etc.
Yes. It has cables for both 30-pin and Lightning iPad/iPhone. There's also one to connect USB to a computer.
Yeah, it should. The stand comes with an adapter attached to the mic clip that you unscrew and screw it onto the clip for the snowball.
Yes you can. It struggles a little with an re-20. But handles it ok
The middle knob should tighten Down the scissor action in the middle of the stand. It won't totally lock in place but it should tighten up enough to secure the arm under the weight of a mic.
Will clamp onto any table or if the stand has a base
It comes with an adapter that will fit any standard microphone mount. It should work fine.
I think it came with an adapter
Yes
Yes
No, just the stand.
Yes you need a separate shock mount. Make sure the shock mount fits the snowball specifically. Also works with a pop filter.
This was a gift, along with DJ equipment,, for our grandson. He and his friends love it! They love to dance with it! It follows the beat of the music very well!
I've used it in a 25' x 20' room, with around 100 people and it works perfectly.
You mean. Where was it made at ?
Yes. The different geometries of the dome will refract light in different ways, causing different patterns to be projected. I have the crystal version and it projects a kind of short arc pattern around the room. I'm assuming the circular dome will produce more of a point pattern. Either way, you won't be disappointed.
It is just sensitive to sounds I guess. No I do not use an aux cord. Just plug in and use menu to set how you want it to do. it works very well
No
Yes I love it
No they are led but the hour life is supposed 2 b long I've had no problems with mine $
No it does not synch but has many settings that can be adjusted that could be manually set that could be the same tempo as the music....hands down is the best device for the $$
I do believe that it can, it has still holls
Yes, I'm also a nube. It's preset to 440 Hz and has a tuning range of 435 Hz to 445 Hz. Before I had this I was always told you're not tuned up properly even though I was using an electronic tuner. Now I don't have that problem and I don't need help tuning properly. I hope this helps you.
It uses a CR2032 Lithium battery, availble for small $$ here at Amazon, & at almost any drugstore. Average life -- this tuner draws very little power. I have played for many days, hours at a time, never turning the tuner off. The battery is still doing just fine. In other words, battery life is quite lengthy.
In the chromatic mode it doesn't show the octave. However, in the instrument mode (Guitar, Bass, etc.) it does show the string number. So the guitar mode can show E6 or E1.
No
No, this device would not be suitable for that purpose, sorry.
There is no input jack or mic - headstock vibration only.
Haven't tried it but would expect it to. It also has a function that transposes from one to four flat levels.
Yes
There is no particular setting for it, but no reason why it would not work. It will really work for any stringed instrument.
metronome does not make noise
This mic requires the camera to power it. You will have to check with the manufacturer to see if the mic input for the Sony Handycam can power such a device. The information is certainly available online as well. So just keep in mind that this microphone is not self powered. It must be powered by the device it is plugged into.
Best qualities of the Videomic Go: Small, no battery (powered from the camera), easy to transport. Best qualities of the Rode Videomic over the Videomic Go: Battery powered (better range), high pass filter, PAD switch (for reducing sensitivity on louder recordings). Not having a battery can be nice (using the GO), but the camera you use has to be able to power over the 1/8" mic input. The high pass filter and PAD switch are nice on the Videomic, but not always necessary. If you don't think you'll need them, then the Videomic GO is the way to go.
Yes
it will plug in, and will record audio to your camera. however, i bought this mic for my t3i and was horribly disappointed with the terrible audio. there was a lot of hiss/noise. the mic pro was a much better investment
the mic records in stereo and sounds much better than the mic that is built in. When the mic is plugged in it only records from the Rode and once it is unplugged you go back to the on board mic. You can NOT use both.
When dragging your video into your preferred video editors timeline you will see a separate audio track. So, if I'm understanding your question...the answer is yes. The only job of this mic is to capture improved audio over many on-board mics. I have had a good amount of success with this Rode video mic. Be aware of the audio input level (in camera) if your camera has the option to dial it back/down then do so. This mic can be a bit hot. I hope this helps. Be well.
Look in the user guide and see if the mic jack is powered or not. If it's powered then it will work. If not then you will need a mic with an internal power supply.
I have not done that but this video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o7J_AkMX8BY shows that you can. Hope this helps.
I don't think so without a patch cable. I found this. To use it with the iPad or iPhone you will need the Rode SC7 TRS to TRRS patch cable&gt;
it fits a standard camera shoe mount.
Thank you for your inquiry, and interest in our Monoprice Microphone Isolation Shield. Unfortunately no that will not attach to a stand. it is meant to be used on a table surface for the most part. If you have any additional questions, please do not hesitate to let us know.
Size is everything with these things because the foam is going to be pretty much the same but look and compare of course ... Just write down the specs and measurements of them all , print a picture of each one, then compare shop..... For the money , this one was best for me.... Let the 20,000 an hour studios buy those ridiculously priced totally sound proof gold plated silver covered 100 percent perfect isolation foam booth thingys.... This one is damn fine for everything else....
Honestly, this stand should never be mounted on those cheesy tripod stands. If you have to, do not use the mic holder on this the insulation unit to also hold your mic. Mount the mic on and insulation unit on separate stands using dumbbell weights on the base of the insulation unit to add weight to hold it up. If you have the money, invest in the Ultimate Support MC125 Boom Stand (I own three of them for my expensive mics). The insulation unit is just too heavy for a regular stand by itself, let alone putting a mic on it. Don't chance it cause it WILL fall and you'll damage nice mics that way. You could get some water pipe and a flange and bolt the flange to a wooden base and that would work better than a regular mic stand too (I thought of doing that at one point). On the positive side...this unit does work nicely and it does what it is supposed to do. Hope this helps.
A thing about it it's kinda heavy. But the shield can be used in a normal upright orientation or can be inverted, so that the microphone hangs down inside the chamber. Am pretty sure it would work with the shure SM7B. My akg c214 works perfect with it.
The side panels fold outward (which is nice) to give the unit a final width (when in use) of about 22" wide and about 12" high.
I mount it on a normal mic stand, but I had to brace it against the wall. It's pretty heavy but I'm sure you can make it work.
It's actually not as large as it appears. It's adjustable as well. While the mid section is one piece, the two outer sections both turn inward reducing the overall width. You would want to allow for about 20 inch depth (minimum) and a width of about 30 inches for this unit. This does not account for mic placement however. As you will want the mic a few inches away from the unit. I hope this helps. Personally, I have mine mounted on a mic stand and an additional mic stand holds my mic and it works great. -Chris
It makes a real difference to the raw recording. It blocks ambient room noise. It really makes your recordings sound dry which is a good thing. If your asking if this filter will make your vocals sound radio ready or enhanced in any way, no it doesn't. It makes mixing your vocals a lot easier because of the dryness it provides due to blocking room noise. I'm still using this and I highly recommend it. I hope I answered your question! Take care!
You will definitely need to use your pop filter to stop poping "p" and breath noises. The isolation shield lowers room reverberation that normally comes to the back and sides of your microphone from walls and low ceilings that can cause it sound thin in a room that is not acoustically treated. Think of it as a mini vocal booth. It doesn't kill it totally bouncing reflections but reduces it greatly giving you a tighter clearer sound out of your microphone. A lot will depend on the microphone you are using. I currently have two shields that I use one a pair of Rode NT-1 mics mostly for vocals. The shield works on the sides and rear of the microphone and has little effect on the front of the microphone so you still need to make sure nothing is bouncing off walls directly behind you. I think this shield does a great job.
YEs BUT this thing is heavy!! I have it mounted on a super duty floor base and it still is a but unstable.
According to their specs page it works with any lightning connection. http://bluemic.com/spark_digital/#/specs/
The included cables are about 2ft long each, the port on the mic is micro usb to standard usb.
It is much easier to change the gain on the Yeti. It has a separate control. The Spark has a multi-use control; it's trickier and kind of annoying. The Spark can attach directly to an iPad/iPhone. Yeti cannot. Both have excellent recording quality. Good luck.
I have yet to peak this mic, though I have not actually yelled into it I do speak quite loudly.
you can hear sound from everything!!!!
You don't necessarily need a new cable entirely. I run mine through a USB extender, which works great.
It is compatible with any iOS device with a lightning charger port. So it should.
No
No
no preamp required. it's usb/lightning. depending on the model you purchase. with the lightning connection, you can connect it directly to an iPhone or iPad.
No, it only works with a laptop or computer.
Yes it does, located in the center of the console.
There are the minimum specs for serato: They recemond an Intel processor (so no AMD), Mac OS X 10.7,Mac OS X 10.8, Mac OS X 10.9, Windows 7, Windows 8, Windows 8.1. Intel: i3, i5 or i7 32 & 64 bit: 1.07GHz+, Core 2 Duo 32 bit: 2.0 GHz+ 64 bit: 2.4 GHz+. 4 Gigs of RAM
If you have already purchased Serato Dj, You can use the product with all of its features
Theres only a mic input 1/4 inch. The others are audio outputs, two flavors of headphones, and a master red white out.
the website will list the programs that pioneer hardware is compatible to.
You can download the software for free over at Serato's website, which will mitigate the issue of having no optical disc drive. This will also ensure you have the latest version installed.
I'm not 100% sure... I don't believe so. Why would you use pro-tools to dj with? The only thing I would use pro-tools for is to record and master tracks. thats what I use it for along with Logic pro and FL. Pro-tools is the industry standard in Studio recording. not so much as a DJ program. I guess you might be able too if you were to set up some tracks to play but If I were you I would stick with Serato or VDJ pro or Traktor.
Just 1. 2 channel means 2 decks, 1 track each.
yes it's perfect i use it to play at house parts and even the club
This may be due to the type of finish used on the guitar. Most guitars are finished using Polyurethane lacquer - it's hard, easy to apply, and can be applied in states and countries where regulation prohibits other types of finish such as nitrocellulose. It does not react with vinyl or rubber, and is found on guitars of all price levels. The same cannot be said of nitrocellulose (or the celluloid used in some vintage pickguards and picks), which is very reactive and care must be taken when choosing what products to use on instruments finished in nitro lacquer. This isn't a flaw in the product design or materials, but it may well prove worthwhile for potential buyers to check whether their instrument is finished in Nitrocellulose lacquer or Polyurethane and investigate products accordingly. If no finish type is stated on a new instrument, it is generally safe to assume polyurethane, in which case most products should present no risk.
I've used it on a concert and tenor, and it bridges the neck perfectly, but not much left over. It's probably best suited for a fairly narrow neck, but it might be worth trying, depending on the width of a baritone neck. If you have a tenor or concert, you could compare.
...these capos are designed to "press" all four strings* on a ukulele. I'm assuming you mean "all four strings" rather than "all four chords".
I bought this capo a couple months ago, the answer is that no, one second won't happen. It won't happen with any capo, but the change will be quick. This capo is easily the best capo I've ever owned, and it will never get in your way or be a hassle.10\10 totally worth every penny. =]
i use it my Kala Tenor Resonator and it works fine. I like it because it is not very big and doesn't get in the way.
Thank you for your question. The capo is not required to play the ukulele but it can make certain songs easier to play depending on the key they are in.
There are no spares available for this item.
No, I don't think you could clip it on a 2" wide frame. I would say the largest width it would fit is about 1.5".
No
Nope, you can plug them or use batteries
On the heads (tops of each list)
Yes
They take 3triple AAA batteries
At first I had the same problem. I found that you have to PRESS hard on the 'triangle' as you SLIDE the cover off. Make sure the batteries are seated properly when you are putting the cover back on. Also, press on the triangle as you slide the cover to close the back. I hope this helped. Joanne B.
bulbs are not replaceable
Contact the seller: Certain Way. I found them to have excellent customer service.
i have not have this problem, maybe you received a bad one..
It has a strap, I have only had it for a month and doesn't seem to be any less tight.
It does with the surface pro 3. I could not verify for sure with the surface pro 2. This case is an excellent addition to my surface I am constantly getting compliments on it. It pairs very nice with a cross tech 3 executive style pen. The company of this case is family owned and produce a wonderful product. They will also follow up with you by email to ensure satisfaction of the product.
I was worried about this, but it really fits and functions perfectly.
The one I bought specifically says the Pro 3, so if you have the Pro 3 I would buy the right one. This one says Pro 2.
I use it with the Microsoft Surface Type Cover 2 and it works great.
No. The cover does not interfere with keyboard in any way.
The light stays in solid color when lite on and non-twinkling mode.
No
It has an on setting...I think that's it.
They will auto after 18 hours. Pretty nifty
Once the Timer is set, it stays lighted for 6 hours....... then off for 18 hours. I bought 5 and I love them. I've used them on decorative wreaths on my front door and on house plants to add sparkle.
Do not buy these. I bought 2 strings ea string uses 6 and 8 batteries and last 3 weeks at the longest. Mine are in the trash.
I didn't see any!
The wire is silver and the lights are more of a white
No, actually I leave it on for several day's, maybe by the 5th day they go dim a little...but really looks nice still and give the sitting room a romantic look.! :) Enjoy!
I've played piano for 10+ years and I am very much pleased with this keyboard. As far as the "fullness" produced by the speakers - The warmth and color doesn't sound fake and cheap like other keyboards. When compared to my 6 foot grand Kawai, this keyboard has the best possible fullness that a keyboard can offer. I have 2 Yamaha Clavinova electric pianos and to be honest, I prefer the ambiance produced by my Kawai keyboard much better. Also, the keyboard's action is almost the same as the grand. Awesome product! -sophia
Yes. Up or down in 12 semi-tone steps.
From the reviews I read, pretty sure it's just 2. Check here: http://www.pianoworld.com/forum/ubbthreads.php/topics/2167459/1.html
Here are the dimensions. 51.6 (W) x 11.2 (D) x 5.7 (H)
I believe so, it is touchy, so barely touching it is pretty much half dampening rather than a full damper.
No, it doesn't.
Yes, they are fully weighted and graded, which means the weight is heavier in the left side just as on a grand piano. The action on this piano is much better than some of the cheaper models.
No, the MIDI is a regular 1 x In and 1 x Out 5-pin plug.
A simple way would be to run a cable from your headphone output on the front of the keyboard to the amp input. Minimize volume from keyboard and let the amp do the work
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Polyphony also has a good definition.
Yes. In the product details, it says that the unit ships with the lightning and other cables necessary to hook up the unit to iPhone, iPad and Macbook.
Probably yes, since it's setup like a guitar. It should work.
Probably. For audio only. No MIDI.
You can record and it will play live out of the iPad using garage band into headphones or any other speaker. Will not play over bluetooth.
On my Mac the latency is imperceptible....(it's very very low !!!!) but I think you must consider the model of your mac. I have a MacBook pro 13" 2,9 GHz Intel Core i7 8 GB Ram 1600 MHz DDR3, OS X version 10.10.2. Hoping to have helped you, I wish you a good buy.
I don't know, because I use Mac OS X. If you want, I can try the Apogee JAM on a Windows PC. If you have some software to try with it, tell me the url for the download.
I'm sure you could but I don't think it would sound very good
Yes
It does come with a lightning cable connector for newer Apple products, and works like a charm with my iPhone 6.
Yes
String height at fret 12 is (3.4)/32 inch.
steel
Think it's Ridgewood. Good guitar for the price.
Yes. It is full size. I'm a beginner, but find it very nice for the price. Good sound
On the inside of the body, where the neck meets, there is a truss rod that you can adjust for the action on the fretboard. To counter warping and such.
No sir it's trash sounds awful
A measure of spatial extent, especially width, height, or length.
Mahogany Neck with Rosewood Fretboard and Bear Claw Inlays Tech Features Spruce Top with Mahogany Back and Sides
This is an easier version of the song. My 12 year old is learning to play it. Pretty simple and straight forward. Not a lot of black on the page.
Key of G major.
We used it for voice but I could see it being used for piano too. Great music!!!
Just one, her version of it.
There is a singing part that could be used for flute. I would try finding a flute solo first but if not this should work fine.
No exactly. It is written for piano and voice but you can also use it for violin. The notes are the same and the register is fine. I have a violin student using it right now.
G Major :)
I think the version you're looking for is in the Frozen PVG songbook, Demi Lovato's version is the pop cover.
Hi there. The Gooseneck is 14" long. It makes it long enough to clamp to a Blue Yeti, and be easily positioned in front of the microphone, or clamped to your desk and easily positioned in front of any other type of USB microphone.
This device improves sound quality by helping prevent the impact of "plosives." These are low-frequency noises created when certain words such as "pop" or "box" are spoken. (Look up the definition of "plosive" on Wikipedia.) These create a brief pressure wave that impacts the microphone with enough force as to create a "boom" or "thump" sound. The actual impact heard depends on the microphone, the bass response of the system, the distance to the sound source, and the overall volume level. Some people speak with more plosive impact than others. Condenser microphones such as the Blue Yeti are particularly sensitive to plosives because of their low frequency response and the sensitivity of the diaphragm that generates the sound in the mic. The Yeti in particular has a tremendous low frequency response and must be used with some type of "pop" filter to avoid these "thumps" if the sound source is closer than a foot or so, depending on the volume of the source. A foam pop filter is often used on hand-held mics, but these can slightly degrade high-frequency response. For studio or desktop mics, a fine fabric or metal screen is used. Though these, particularly some metal ones, can modify the sound slightly, this is preferable to the harsh thumps created by plosives. Another benefit of pop filters is that they also prevent small droplets of "spit" from entering the microphone. When you're dealing with a mic that costs hundreds, if not thousands, of dollars, this is very important.
Hi there. If you have a flat-sided/square arm on your stand then this filter will clamp on to it. If the components are tubular rather than rectangular/square, then the other Auphonix pop filter would be a better fit. (http://www.amazon.com/Microphone-Auphonix-Environment-Accessories-Positioning/dp/B00CFXH4S6/)
The pop filter is sufficient enough. The foam mostly protects from dirt/debris/condensation. So depending on the environment you will use the Yeti in will determine whether you need the foam over the microphone.
Hi Gerald. You will be able to clamp this pop filter onto a desk that's 1.25" wide. Maybe slightly wider than that, but you would struggle to fit it to something 1.5" wide. Hope that helps you make your decision about whether to get the flat clamp pop filter. Regards, Lee
It's well made, so I don't want to say it's light weight. However, it does stay in place without any issue whatsoever, well in front of the mike. No danger of tipping over.
Actual filter.
No
As long as you have somewhere to put it, any pop filter will work with any microphone. So yes.
I haven't used "The Pop" so I don't know. This one works quite well though.
Not sure about being real leather, but love the case. Have used it for several months and it hasn't yet shown wear. It is a little on the heavy side, but I am happy with it.
Yes.it has the wake up feature
you can use the front facing camera there is a spot cut out for it I love this case a little heavy with the keyboard attached but is very well made the keyboard is attached magnetically to the one flap and can be removed easily if you don't need it but also stays well in place and the kindle wont move around at all due to it being in a secure inclosure with a Velcro flap that folds under the kindle and is also held into place by the fold of the case flap when closed all attachment holes line up well for the headset on off buttons charging port and all camera would definitely purchase again but believe this one will probably outlast my kindle. don't use the keyboard much so don't know how long the battery will last in terms of years but works fine and haven't had trouble with the Bluetooth connecting or anything else .
Hi, I am the seller to sell this keyboard case ,i am sure that this item fits the Kindle Fire HDX8.9 very well ,i have sold many of this item out ,no one complain for it .And i am also very sure the quality,it is really good Regards Linda
It may not be for hdx... It may be for regular HD....
From a full charge, 2 hours should be no problem. The sound quality is also actually pretty great music, movies, etc. Basically it works well for anything except for phone calls. The sound that you receive is very muffled and a bit distorted, as is the sound that the other person hears from your mic. The only other thing I would caution you on, is to keep it charged. When the battery becomes low, you will hear a painfully loud, high pitched tone.
This gave me some trouble as well...but here is how I got it to work Turn OFF Bluetooth on iPad After charging the headset.....press button on top and wait until it blinks red/blue.....don't stop pressing that button when you see it blinking blue....keep holding it until you see it blinking red/blue Turn on Bluetooth in iPad You will see your new device Click to pair Then enjoy
I just followed the directions . However when you press the button you should hold it in until it blinks. Go to Bluetooth on your phone and confirm the device. It should work, I haven't had any problems.
Not sure
As long as the ipod has bluetooth it should work fine. I use it with my iPhone4S without a problem.
This product will work with android and ios. Make sure blutooth setting on phone are active, then press and hold the power button on the headset to sync.
Yes
Hi yes, it compatible with any devices which has the Bluetooth function, for example the iPad mini and iPad.
Yes it iis I love this bluetooth it take to you so you know what it want.
As long as the iPhone 6 is Bluetooth capable, it will pair.
It will use either the USB or wall charger for a smart phone. It is the small one that most of the phones use now.
Yes works great.
Just to make sure, I bought the headset that has the 2 earpieces with a wire in between, but the picture this is showing. Either way, I store mine in the clear hard plastic box it came in, or the next time I finish a tin of Altoids, one of those boxes.
Yes
I used it with an iPhone 4 and it worked perfectly. As for an iPhone 3, I haven't tried it, but I dont see a reason why it wouldn't work.
Sorry this is a different product than I puchaused. Maybe this is a newer version
I dont know, but it connected well to the samsung galaxy s4
Hi, this item can work with Samsung S5 and Samsung S3 Mini, please noted.
Shipping cost is about $115 , Other charges like custom is not charge by us it is your country
Shipping cost to UK can be about 100-120 USA Dollar , warranty is the us only but you can get the service on line so it does not mater where you are
USPS is the cheapest way to ship this item and yes we do ship worldwide
yes
No, there is only one row of lights. However, they are quite bright. We install them as under counter lighting in kitchen and display lighting in display cases. Please 5050 LED you provide a perfect amount ambient light, however if you are looking for task lighting you may want to look at something a little bit brighter.
hi this one is not include the dimmer. of course you could. thanks
Yes, it does.
Yes it will.
The apogee mic gives one studio-grade recordings. Remember that every room has its own signature sound, depending on furnishings - but I have found the apogee mic produces excellent recordings in a small space.
It has a USB plugin so im sure it will record on a PC as long as the PC has a USB
So far it has worked well. Multiple voices are fine and distance has not been an issue.
If it's the only mic you're using, probably back in the room, about 8-10 feet away. Make sure you're compressing the hell out of the signal... I've never tried this on drums but wouldn't be surprised if it's too sensitive and is prone to distortion. I haven't seen a USB mic that can handle a drum kit. A better drum/general purpose mic is the Rode stereo mic... The Rode iXy is great too. But the Apogee is the best sounding USB mic I've ever used by far for vocals.
I use it on my iPad all the time with headphones as a monitor. I can't believe that on the mac it'll be any different.
Hello Daniel. Yes, this is compatible with an iPhone 6. As long as you have garageband and and the adapter that comes in the box of the package, and you can start recording. It's a great product. I hope this answered your question.
I did not try for doing dat bcos Iam using dis mic for naration and it is perfect ...
No foam windscreen is included with the MiC. I use a standard metal pop filter placed in front of the MiC and position myself about 10 -12 inches away during recording. This works perfectly, as the MiC is extremely sensitive and background noise must be avoided. With my pop filter, I have encountered no problems at all with transients, and find this microphone to be remarkably good.
50 Inches from Mic connector to the Microphone capsule - about 4 Feet
If you mean synced audio, I shot interviews on my phone with synced audio & video so yes
Tripp Lite P311-010 10 ft. (3m) 3.5mm M/F Mini-Stereo Audio Extension Cable M-F.
It should work fine with the nexus. I record lectures with it but I put the mike on the podium. If you put it next to a speaker it might be ok, probably not great to use in a lecture hall.
I'm sure it does. But since it's a lapel mic, it's really just meant for one person unless they pass it back and forth, and then you might as well just record through the iPad's mic.
Hi Chris, I don't know the answer but I would go on their Facebook page and message them directly. They were very quick and helpful in their response! https://www.facebook.com/Stony.Edge
Yes, this definitely does works fine with either an iPhone 6.
Hello Carol, Yes, the simple lav-mobile mic does work with a Macbook Pro.
The only place I got it to work, was my plugging into my Android phone headphone jack, then it worked. Other than that, it did not work in any other devices or computers.
This mic will plug into any TRRS connector, which is what is common to all smartphones and tablets. By the way, check out the Movo PM-10 lavaliere mic. http://www.amazon.com/Movo-PM10-Omnidirectional-Microphone-Smartphones/dp/B00N0EPZU8 It's $22 and I believe is just as good as pricier SimpleLav. I've got both, as well as the really pricey Rode SmartLav.
This violin only comes with Cecilio strings.
No, I'd say strictly beginner.
We will set up the bridge before it gets ship out, however, the bridge is held in place with the tension of the strings over the top edge. It may be dislocate or felt off during shipping. If that happen, you will have to set it up yourself or bring it to local music store to have it set up.
Strings are delicate, and it can be broke in 1/2 during shipping or tuning. If you just receive the package, please contact your seller for replacement strings. It's always better to have an extra set for back up.
Yes. It has a clear, plexiglass music stand that inserts into the back edge of the keyboard. It is sturdy and removable. I remember being pleasantly surprised when I unpacked the box and found it because I had never had one on any of my previous keyboards. Just another reason to love it. I've now had it almost 6 months and am still thrilled.
It has 24 preset voices which consist of Grand Piano: 4, E.Piano: 4, Organ: 4, CLV/VIB: 4, Others: 8. It also has 10 rhythms, and 2 track recording for up to 10 songs (approx. 1.5 MB memory).
According to Yamaha web site this weights 38 pounds (17.3 kg)
Yes
Hello! There is a free app called "P-255 Controller" available in iTunes. Here's their description: Use an iOS device (iPhone/iPod touch/iPad) for even easier and more convenient control of the P-255. This is a dedicated app that makes the compact and stylish digital piano, P-255, even easier to use. The app supports a wide variety of playing situations on the P-255, from piano practice to live performance or performing at parties. Hope that helps! -Andy's Music
The P105 weighs about 26 pounds, the P255 weighs about 38 pounds. However, unless weight is a critical factor for you, do consider the other differences: P255 = 256 note polyphony (versus 128 for the P105) plus the P255 has better speakers.
You can record to a flash drive, the unit has the availability to do that. BUT just to let you know further testing of the 255 led me to return this unit. Once you go into" play file mode or demo instument mode you can't get out of it, you have to power off the unit and reboot. Secondly this unit is not GM, any midi files you put on a flash drive and try to pay back on the 255 comes out distorted - didn't work for me, I use midi files as backing trax. Have decided to buy the korg Havian 30, check it out you'll be awe struck, and the weight is 33 lbs
We have them in stock to ship today. Free shipping, three-year full trade up guarantee. - Piano Solutions
The power cord does come with it. But I returned the piano I ordered back too Amazon. Sounded terrible for the price. It took me 2 months to finally have the Amazon call center to track the piano down and give me credit. So my advise is if you can find this at a local music store.....buy it there and price match.
There is no output for a volume pedal, but there is one for sustain pedal.
No individual LED control. It's 3 lights on or off.
Yes
Yes. They will hold in place given the lamp is clamped securely.
i gave this as a gift so i don't know exactly. but good and long. he uses as a music stand light. nice and bright...uses triple a batteries or plug in adaptor. good price and does the job.
Rougly 2.5 ft
Yess!! I use them for what they are made that is djing and the insulation is crazy i can hear nothing from the exterior world. I also have some Shure headphones, I have tested V moda, other sennheisers, allen and heath, pioneers and this have the best low end, also mids and highs are really clear, so if you are looking them form gaming I think they can make a really good job, but the thing is that this headphone are design for DJs, crazy insulation (I can bet that are the Dj headphones with best insulation in the market right now) and great low end I can't ask for more. And one more thing they are the most comfortable headphones I had ever own, This were very well think, cheers for Sennheiser!!
After you use a good equalizer app, these headphones are pretty good to use with mobile phones. Especially good on plane rides and road trips for me.
No. They're closed back, so the sound is mostly muffled to an outside listener. They'll hear something if you have it loud enough. But they're mostly isolated.
sure, comfortably super big headphones, fits all sizes with premium feel
I don't have an iPod, I did used it on my nexus 5, its fine. But I recommend you buy a 1.2 m third party cable on ebay, which is around 20 bucks, pretty high quality. Here is a link for you: http://www.ebay.com/itm/281368921510?var=580399248297&ssPageName=STRK:MEWNX:IT&_trksid=p3984.m1497.l2649
I dont know if they have "superior sound quality" but what i do lnow is that they have very different uses. The QC 25 are intended for traveling while the SEN HD8 are for djing. Sennheiser (in their higher range headphones) has way better quality making different instruments and sound in general clearer and easier to identify therefore better to dj with. They are pretry good traveling and listening headphones. They do not have noise canceling but still do a pretty good job at isolating as long as its not VERY noisy. NOW! i would NEVER buy Bose cans...they break, period. bose has great marketing bit their crap breaks. Dont waste your money, go Senn. They are solid and confortable.
They actually rotate the other way- behind your ear. They lock in place and it's pretty snug so they're less likely to fall off, and they don't bleed much at all. However, if you're doing voice, I'd go with the HD 280, or maybe the HD 25 II if you're willing to shell out that much money. The soundscape is more flat, and they're the industry standard monitor headphones. Everything's going to sound a lot bassier than the mix actually has if you use the HD DJs, since they're designed more for club music than vocals and VA work.
dea boy! hdj dj its for electronic dj-ing. momentum is a more refined natural touch on the contrary to the specific frequency designed djing set.
These headphones muy friend are so so amazing!! The sound is so perfect..
I'm not sure if you expanded the bands, but other than that, these cans are a bit on the heavy side.
I use it with a bass, it works great.
Yes, you can. When you start recording your initial loop in reverse, hit the FX switch again - this will stop the recording, disengage the Reverse FX and start an overdub so your loop is played back in reverse immediately, enabling you to solo on top of it right away.
I would use this like most other pedals of this type for mics and like instruments. Use a mixer and put this pedal in the loop.. pun intentional.
no. you'd need to play the 1 bar loop 8 times. the length of the first loop set the length of all the following loops.
I purchased mine partly because I saw someone at open mic in a place nearby and he did loop his vocals. It sounded great. =)
Not at all, stopping the loop leaves all the information intact. Even when power is removed the loop is there waiting when you plug it back in. Actually deleting the loop requires that you stop the loop and hold down the record button; feels much like smothering it with a pillow. Holding down the record button while the loop is still playing simply undoes the last thing you recorded. In my humble opinion, the Ditto's a real solid pedal.
It's posted online here: http://www.tcelectronic.com/media/3400664/tc_ditto_x2_looper_manual_english.pdf
It works ok with Voo Doo Lab Pedal Power & Pedal Power Plus.
yes it plugs right in the guitar input of any amp
no octave jump up that I know of but haven't used all parameters yet
I have tested with the iPhone 5 running a jailbroken version of iOS 7.1 and it works great!
I just tested it on an iPhone 4 and it works for me. Make sure that the switch is set to off/smartphone or else it does not work with the phone. I has worked with iDevice I have tested it with including an HTC Inspire 4g.
I used without adapter with my iPhone 5, I guess It should be fine with iPhone 4s too
This works fine with an iPhone 4s and has been tested working with an iPhone 4. I bet it would work with an iPhone 3gs.
The phone will use the internal mic if you turn the switch to 'ON'. It has not damaged my phone or iPad yet with the switch turned on.
It should be. It just plugs into the headphone hole.
Worked well with my Google android mini phone.
It's the standard size that plugs into modern smartphones. It's four-pole and is compatible with iPad, iPhone, and iPod Touch products. In short, the ring for the microphone matches that of other iPhone compatible microphones.
If that cam has an 1/8 inch recording input then yes it's compatible.
Yes, the mic has a switch to turn the mic on and off and when it is off it set to a mode that still receives when plugged to a headphone jack
Yes it fit fine and sound quality is good
It fits my audia technica fine which has a longer barrel so should fit the Rode Video Mic as well
It's 7" long, so it would probably fit ATR6550.
Check the size of your mic. This windscreen fits mics up to 7 inches
I filmed an outdoor wedding with this windscreen. It worked very well! If it fits your microphone, it should work fine
Yes, we ship worldwide
25 Pounds.
if you're referring to the lag that was present with the first release, it has been fixed with a firmware update. http://pioneerdj.com/support/product.php?c=3706&lang=en&p=DDJ-SZ&t=295
We can ship to Argentina. Please contact us at homerecorder dot com and we can give you a shipping quote. Thanks.
Haven't tried any other programs because it comes with serato
Hi, It is very large so difficult to ship internationally -- it would be quite expensive to do so - probably about $500.00 extra. If you are really very much interested, we may be able to work something out for you. My very best, Jennifer Millennium Worldwide
it's a digital to analogue conversion so there's a little left over
Yes
If it were a live mix you could certainly make the vocals pop more by manipulating the EQ and volume correctly but as far as a proper mix down from a producers standpoint this would definitely not be recomended.
Unfortunately, we are unable to ship any of our Amazon orders outside of the United States
Yes
Here's a video i recorded at a show last month. I used my panasonic camera for the video but for the audio i used the Zoom Handyrec app, i used audacity to touch up the audio a little bit... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZzMmk6JMArw
You can't. The mic should work with your video recording software though.
The Zoom IQ5 is only able to be used for recordings.
There is a Lightning extender available on Amazon for about $20. Just search for it.
I record onto a third part app called Wavepad. I record our church choir and the mic does a great job.
Yes
no noise here, has been working quite nicely so far.
Yes you can, but it the screen will be on the wrong side, and the stereo field will be backwards . I had the Tascam, this unit is superior .
Just different colors. The "W" is white.
DJ style means that you could fold it in a way that you hold one side to your one of your ears while you handle the mixer or the turntable with your other hand. If you check the photos about DJs you could see that he listening the music what he plays while he holds one side of the headphone to his other ear to listen into the next song he or she is going to play next.
They fit me fine...hat size is 7 3/4, sometime 8...depends on hat
No, the one I bought is attached to the headset and cannot be (naturally) disconnected. My solution is keeping the extra slack tied.
Hey Peter, yes they do come with a larger jack adapter. But you may want to find a pair that has a removable jack all together. I do love these head phones though. The cord they come with is like a five or six footer though which would be nice for DJing too.
These headphones come with a soft carrying case. It doesn't offer much protection; it's more for the convenience since you can spool the lengthy wire into it.
hello there !! thanks for your good question . ( yes they do ) . you can also buy a bigger slip over jack at radio shack , so you can plug into yor home stereo or whatever requires the bigger plug in !! tom
No, not electonically. Only by the nature of their being over the ear which muffles some outside noise.
The cord is 1metre (3 ft) coiled, 3 meters (9 ft.) extended. It has a miniature DIN jack which is the standard audio jack on TV's and computers.
The clarity of highs is what I would describe as "bright"or "crisp" which hopefully is helpful. Since it's a guitar not a bass guitar these could work for you. I use them mostly for music and occasionally T.V.
Yes
45 lbs
Hello. We are not the manufacturer of this amp, we just sell them. However, there is talk from the manufacturer of making an Android app later this year.
I am using the Line 6 FBV Express MkII (Amazon Price $93.66) with the AMPLIFi 150 (Same as 75 but with more power). The only feature I don't have with that controller is ability to switch banks from the pedal. For the ability to switch banks from the pedal you will need a Line 6 FBV Shortboard MkII (Amazon Price $199). The FX100 would not be a good choice for the AMPLIFi 75 because, like you said, it would be redundant and they are not intended to be used together.
Yes you can, that is one of the features line 6 advertises for it.
You can. I have all my tone in the banks. None if the originals are there. You can only pull up 4 tones at a time. You really need the short board to switch through the 100 available presets.
It digitally samples the sounds of other popular amplifiers and saves them in pre-sets so you don't need all sorts of effect pedals to try and dial in different sounds. Thanks.
They're both pretty comparable as far as volume goes. But you have to realize you're talking about solid state wattage here, which is very different from Tube wattage. There's really not going to be much difference in overall volume from a 75w and 100w solid state amp. But when you say "as loud as a 75W amp should be" that doesn't quite make sense. A 75w tube amp will blow the doors off your house. You would never need to turn it past 1 or 2 and you'd never hit that sweet spot with preamp breakup. One brand's 75w solid state amp can be louder than another. It's not quite as uniform as to how the wattage is used in solid state amps. If you're looking for something loud enough to play with a band, this would be loud enough for most gigs. If you need anything louder, you'd most likely be playing somewhere that has a PA system, so they can just mic it up for you.
There is only one input so you can play or sing but not both. there is only one input so you can play or sing but not both. I suggest you try before you buy. Although it claims to be 75 W the truth is I would rated at 10 W. The line 6 spyder jam is around the same price but has many more features and can crank much louder, with the spider jam there is a guitar input as well as a bass, auxiliary and microphone input with trim. I suggest you try before you buy.
Yes
Not at this time. Line6 included the USB interface for future use, and I'm sure they have some specific uses in mind. But the current firmware doesn't provide any USB functionality.
I can't say for sure which mixer is better but I have had excellent results from the Yamaha MG16XU. It has worked flawlessly and we have even had some gigs where it rained and the board got wet and the table it was on blown over. I just wiped it down, let it dry out, and it is back in business. I think the Yamaha rocks!
Yes, it comes with a rack kit which includes rack ears; so it is rack mountable and optional. Thanks, -Jenny
It uses USB 2.0. Thanks.
It depends on what dynamic microphones you are using. Most will be fine, but you will have to check with each microphone manufacturer individually. Shure SM58 and SM57 will be fine.
Hello Yes NP that would work Fine! Thanks from 8thstreet Music
Hello Yes these are power switching, Power requirements: AC 100 - 240 V, 50 / 60 Hz, Thanks from 8thstreet Music
Includes Cubase Ai DAW software download version.
According to our music teacher, depending on age group Frozen: Big Note Piano requires 3-4 years of experience.
We can ship your this today!
Grand staff.
64 pages and 9 songs
Yes it can be used as a looper. But keep in mind it only records for 30 seconds & you can not undo any recordings. But you can record as many tracks as you like on top of each other. If you make a mistake you have to start all over again due to no undo function on the unit. The record quality is very good. It would be a good starting point for you if you are returning to playing after 42 years. There are a lot of effect available for you to play with. The drum machine is very nice to play over as it sounds like real drums, you can even add a bass to your loop then a rhythm guitar then a lead guitar. You get a lot of bang for your bucks with this unit. I highly recommend it.....it's hard to find anything close to what it can do for $50. I don't know how they can sell it this cheap. If you find you don't continue playing you are only out $50 so you could resell it.........
For me it is louder than I need when using earphones.
Yes, at a minimum that's all you would need.
battery or ac power? have you done reboot (hold home while power on)
It works totally fine man, pretty amazing sound for the cheap price.
It's a bit trickier to edit...due to there being loads more options for compressors, choruses, reverberate etc...but once you've got the hang of it( and it took me a day or two) it's great. I'd buy another tomorrow if it got stolen. There's a looper on it to experiment with. My guitar sounds amazing when matched with this pedal, better than other stuff I've used.
Amp.
Pick one of the effect locations that you do not use, open the effect setting and delete all effects and you will be left with bypass then rename the effect to bypass so you will know it is your bypass setting and you end up with nothing in that slot but bypass.
You never really now how a pedal will react to different inputs- the guitar pedal may have some more recognizable and fun effects to play with, but who knows how heavy or dark the bass version might output- you stand to have some fun exploring with either one.
No I havent but as long as you have an acoustic electric pick up or a hybrid acoustic electric guitar then it should work just fine
I think it would, it has a USB port. I havent tried that yet. I used it for my audio jack split headset and it worked well. Even though I didn't like my headset because it was a bad brand.
Yes it does. Just like when you plug a headphone into the jack.
No.
No it will not work, because you only can dedicate one USB connection as your default playback device. But you can do what you want with only one unit by using a microphone splitter to attach to the (RED) hole and connect the other end to the two microphones. You can use a splitter like " RLCAB095 - Stereo Audio Input Splitter". Google it.
I really cannot think of a reason why this would not work. As long as the PC has a USB cable run between the monitor and the PC, the adapter should work. The monitor at this point is just acting as a hub for any USB devices
On my slim model, (not the new super slim, but slim) yes. It works.
Yes, it will work on any computer with a USB port.
No it will not.
Yes
Plug the device in any open USB, and wait for your computer to install the driver. After installing the device driver, right click on the little speaker icon in the taskbar (next to the clock in the lower right corner of the screen) and select "Playback devices". In the new opened window click on "3-USB PnP sound device" or any name with USB PnP and set it as your default sound device, click OK, and you're done. Hope this will help you solve your problem.
This product is 11 3/4 inches from front to back. It is 12 1/2 inches from side to side. These measuments do not include the separate speakers.
Yes you can
You're only been getting partial answers: The dimensions for the Equipment box is: 12.5 inches wide X 11 inches high X 11 inches front to back. When you open the phonograph cover, add another 7 inches. The speakers are separate and are: 5" wide X 6" high X 9" front to back. I've used mine for over a year now with no problems with any part of it whatsoever.....a very nice little unit!
There are on the poor side as far as quality of sound. Think of the old portable speakers that were very tinny with very little bass. The speakers are good as far as volume. They are a cheap pair of speakers basically. They are 9" in height by 5" wide by 5" deep in composite wood with no cover in front. Hope this helps
There are no bass or treble controls. If you want window shattering bass, it isn't there......, but the balance between the two ranges is really nice for this compact unit.
It seems Amazon does sell the specific needle for the this record player, and not 100% sure if all needles are compadible. But I think this website sells specific ones for it! http://www.lpgear.com/category/PYLESTYLUS.html
I've had the record player for a few months now. I use quite often, and honestly I would recommend it. The speakers are Loud. They don't crack or screech when they are turned up loud. And it's very sleek and nice looking. The needle seems to beer good quality and great! I think it will last a while. I've went through about 3 record players before finding this one. I'm very happy to have it and thinks it's a great deal!
Yes, around 15.
Just one as it is a single CD player.
Yes
Yes, you can play standard MIDI song files, both format 0 (one MIDI Track chunk) and format 1 (multiple MIDI Track chunks). You can transfer the MIDI file from a computer directly to the keyboard's internal memory using Yamaha's "Musicsoft Downloader" software, or load it from a USB thumb drive that's plugged into the keyboard.
Hi, Ms. Monahan - the Touch Control can not be turned off but it has different settings which include soft - medium or Hard! - But it didnot affect my playing ability, It's Sounds Terrific - Up to this DAY!
Just the Keyboard and 2 manuals.
No
No, not per se-- but you can use the Function menu to transpose the keyboard from -3 to +3 octaves, and you can program some of the buttons to act as octave-transpose buttons. There is a Transpose button that takes you directly to a menu function where you can transpose the entire keyboard up or down 1 semitone at a time, from -12 to +12 semitones-- so you can transpose the instrument to any musical key (e.g., so Middle C plays the D below Middle C, or so Middle C plays the B above Middle C, etc.), to a maximum of -1 to +1 octave. In addition, each of the three voices-- main (a.k.a "right 1" on other keyboards), dual (a.k.a "right 2"), and split (a.k.a. "left")-- can be separately shifted from -2 to +2 octaves, which is combined with the Transpose function. For instance, if you shift the split voice down 2 octaves but you also shift the entire keyboard up 12 semitones, the split voice will actually be shifted down 1 octave (+1 -2 = -1). So you could, for example, shift the split voice down 2 octaves, shift the main voice up 1 octave, shift the dual voice up 2 octaves, and transpose the entire keyboard down 1 octave (12 semitones), such that the split voice ends up at -3 octaves, the main voice ends up at +/-0 octaves, and the dual voice ends up at +1 octave. Furthermore, once you've set up the keyboard (voices, octaves, style, tempo, etc.) the way you want it, you can save the settings to a registration. There are 32 registrations in all, although there are only 4 registration buttons-- i.e., there are 8 registration banks, and each bank holds 4 registrations. So you could set up the keyboard with different octave shifts and save each one to different registrations, such that pressing any of the 4 registration buttons will instantly shift the keyboard up or down a number of octaves.
muy buenas noches amigo, le comento que si, efectivamente si se puede, ajustar y guardar en una lista asignada los perimetros de tonos(ataque, release, etc.) lo recomiendo. suerte.
Yes
Yes
Five
'es, USB or 1/4 "
Not that I know of. Do they just not turn on? Or are there other issues. I can maybe help. Another good place to check would be forums.
here is the link http://www.amazon.com/siga-blue-non-waterproof/dp/B00ET02VJA/ref=aag_m_pw_dp?ie=UTF8&m=A1LPEEF88IWU7J
4 pins
The LED string connector has 4 pins. First pin is +12 volts, the other pins are the negative leads of red, green, and blue LED strings. The controller connects these to the negative of the 12 volts using PWM modulation to control brightness of each color.
i think that would work well. I have them as under cabinet lights in the kitchen, and under the baseboards in my daughters room. very nice
You can turn on all 3 LEDs and create white light. It is brighter than the single LED strips, however it is a very cool white, close to 5000k bulbs.
Yes you can http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B004IJFAMW/ref=oh_details_o03_s00_i00?ie=UTF8&psc=1
I think you will need to have a repeater of some sort. I remember reading somewhere that you can only have two strips connected to one power supply. I also don't know how your power supply holds up so I wouldn't suggest more than two, One of my power supply starts to burn up after a while and it is only connected to one strip so the quality of the power supply is questionable.
You will need to check with the manufacturer and ask if the silicone rubber pads contain any plasticizing compounds. Plasticizing compounds can cause the nitrocellulose finish of a guitar (or other object) to soften, discolor and/or deteriorate. Note that plasticizing compounds could be in vinyl, rubber, or plastics which could include guitar straps, picks, capos or other objects with vinyl, rubber, or plastics in them.
I wouldn't recommend this guitar stand for anything with an asymmetrical bottom. It sits very low to the floor. You would be much better off getting a tubular stand from Stagg or another vendor. If you look at the models and can tell they have an adjustable "Y" tube on the bottom, it could then be tilted slightly, fitting your bass better and holding it upright.
Using this stand for a full size bass works well without the neckbrace. The only problem if it really isca problem is that the grip tracks on the feet are less positive at gripping than would be optimal and especially close in to the post where needed most. If a guitar was top heavy then this flaw would be more severe. That is were the neckbrase would be helpful in estimation. Of course the feet need to be a stable support to balance the force placed on the neckbrace.
Hi Jonas, Thank you for your question! Yes, this stand will definitely work well for acoustic guitars. The stand also features a pivoting "rubber stopper" that holds the front of your guitar steadily against the stand. If you have any more questions don't hesitate to contact us through Amazon and we'll get back to you ASAP. Have a great day! Henrik / Nordic Essentials
Hi Peter! Thank you for your question. The instrument works very well with both mandolins and violas because of its multi-stretch features. The stand has both extendable legs as well as extendable neck. The silicone rubber pads that the instrument stands on can also be adjusted according to instrument thickness. If you check the listing images you will see more specifically where you can adjust the stand for different sized instruments :-). Due to its stretchable features the stand can be used for most instruments from guitars to violas and everything in-between :-). Hope that helps! Have a great day Henrik / Nordic Essentials
Hi Rob, Thank you for your question! :-) The stand will fit in most regular sized guitar bags, and even guitar cases (see for example Tony's review starting at the 5:45 minute mark http://www.amazon.com/review/R3FT5V84QRTZ7B/). Dimensions of the guitar stand when folded is 10.3" x 3.5" x 2.6", weighing in at around 396g. Feel free to view the following image to see what it looks like when folded: http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/81rxDsM0pIL._SL1500_.jpg Hope that answers your question, have a great day! Henrik / Nordic Essentials
