Yes
Kinda like the way they did with the Wagon trains going west..you have to buy food and choose your people etc..it's a fun game and has been around for years. My grown kids played the first games, then newer came along with grandkids playing...It's a fun game for the whole family to enjoy..so saddle up and try it out..if you like the Old West. Look out for the rivers and such...........Good Luck
I used it with a pc. So, I have no idea. I hope it works for you. I really liked this as did the children in my class. We made it all the way to Ft. Vancouver.
No it has to have a Mac that runs on power pc not Intel processors
Hi T.Lee, I have not had any trouble running this on Windows 7. The OS will work fine.
Yes! :P
Works well had to changes few settings when I first downloaded it
Nope. I found out the hard way. Sorry!
Yes it does. That is what we have on our computer
I think so..everything that has said was for XP has been installed on the Vista. Got this for my daughter and her family and they play it all the time so I'm sure it does.
No because it's not a listening course. It really is something you must read and take notes on so in this case, for the purpose that you're looking for, this product would not suit. However, I can suggest something for you that you may also buy on Amazon. Even though Human Japanese is an AWESOME learning tool, if you're wanting to play something in your sleep to help you tune in to the way a native speaker talks, buy yourself a book called 'Read Real Japanese.' There is an audio CD that comes with this book wherein the stories are read. You can get a real good sense of speech speed as well as start getting used to picking out words you know. It's a great sleep tool because it's interesting enough without being droning lessons and you'll start to feel yourself compelled to pick apart the speech and translations. So both products are good but Read Real Japanese is the one I'd recommend for the purposes you're aiming for and keep Human Japanese for the thing you tinker with on weekends between classes or get it on your kindle so you can read through it on the go.
Yes, Human Japanese runs great on Windows 8, as long as your device can run traditional Desktop applications.
You've probably already figured out a solution to your question, but I figured that I would post here because my answer may help others. (Have you found a workbook that you like? If so, please post back.) You could grab an additional textbook that includes exercises, or just the corresponding workbook. Genki is a very popular textbook series that many people seem to enjoy. You could buy just the Genki workbooks to save money, as well as the answer book if you want the answers. You may need to skip around depending on what grammar point you are learning from The Manga Way/Human Japanese. I'm using Japanese for Everyone and I like it, but it is pretty fast-paced, explanations are relatively brief, so it isn't for everyone. It has about 10-15 exercises per chapter, and the answers are included in the back. It's also cheap, ~$20, though it looks like Amazon doesn't have any in stock at the moment. You can also try practicing what you've learned on Lang8.com and get native speakers to correct your diary entries. White Rabbit Press and The Japan Shop (online stores) also have some workbooks you could try. (I haven't tried any of them, otherwise I'd recommend a couple).
My version (2.0.5) does.
No, but you can go into the app store on your mac and buy it, for perhaps less. :)
Hi, I'm sorry but I'm not familiar with that one, but it looks like the continuation of the other one. I'm guessing it would be harder (more advanced) and continue from where the first one ended. Hope this helps.
Platforms Windows 7 / Vista / XP Home Edition
Hi Colt, Yes, it will teach you the main phrases, vocabulary and sentence structure for a week long trip. The program is equivalent to the first year Japanese curriculum. Enjoy your trip to Japan. You might also want to try watching free youtube channels that teach the basic Japanese for tourists.
You will learn the basic things, and it helps with memorization. I recommend you buy these other books along with Human Japanese.... "Kanji Pict-O-Graphix: Over 1,000 Japanese Kanji and Kana Mnemonics" "Japanese In 10 Minutes a Day" "Outrageous Japanese: Slang, Curses & Epithets" "Read Japanese today" "Read and Speak Japanese for Beginners A Guide to Reading and Writing Japanese (English and Japanese Edition)" "Easy Japanese: A Direct Approach to Immediate Conversation" and possibly a Japanese dictionary. It takes more than one source to be fluent. All of the books I mentioned can be bought used for 1 cent, along with 4 dollar shipping and handling fees. Any other questions?
When I registered they did ask me where I went to school and what year I was in and there was a disclaimer saying if they beleive I am not a student they would contact me and require an enrolment verification letter
Yes, you can install MATLAB and Simulink Student Version on a Mac
I do not use MATLAB with this device MATLAB Help lists the following references: http://www.mathworks.com/matlabcentral/answers/88078-support-for-lego-mindstorms-ev3 https://wiki.qut.edu.au/display/cyphy/Lego+EV3
Yes, MATLAB and Simulink Student Version R2013a DVD is compatible with mac.
MATLAB and Simulink Student Version is compatible with Ubuntu 12.04 LTS and 12.10
Yes it works on windows 8.1. I own a laptop that runs on windows 8.1 and my MATLAB program runs perfectly. I hope I was able to be of help.
Yes that is my exact situation and the 32 bit student version does work on my 64 bit windows 7 ultimate machine.
You have to buy the full product from math works.com for $500, I think. You need an email address that ends in .edu if you want to use the Student Version.
NO, You will not lose the license.
All I got when I ordered Version R2013a was the 32 bit version. If the program isn't written to take advantage of a 64 bit system there should be no speed improvement. I don't have any problems running it on Windows 7 Professional 64 bit though.
Jane: I got this for my grandson, who is 6, in a French Immersion school. This worked perfectly for him.
I am the grandmother So I will forward this question to our daughter who is the homeschoing mom
I don't know, I don't have Windows 8. What is Amazon's return policy for software?
Yes
The lessons can be done repeatedly, so you can use it for two children. Using the same headset for both of them should not interfere. The workbook is included on a CD with the home school versions and you can print it off or get it printed off at somewhere like FedEx Kinko's for about $10-$15.
It's good for only 2 installs. So yes, you should be able to. I had a computer crash recently right after installing and had to use my 2nd and last install. I called Rosetta and asked about this and they acted like they will make exceptions and to call them when I need to install again.
Yes. That's what we are running it on.
I do not have a MAC. I use windows & this program is wonderful. It is very user friendly. I would ask Rosetta Stone customer service this question.
You can only use the code/load the CDs twice. But you can go through the lesson as many times as you want. So you can just put it on one computer and have each child do it separately.
you get workbooks you can print
you may have up to 5 users on 2 separate computers for a total of 10. Hope that helps.
It works great with Windows 7 as well as Vista.
It is. My grandchildren love it and are always ready to do their lessons.
My daughter has been using this for over 2 years. We have never added other users so I don't have the answer to that question. My daughter took spanish for 3 years in school; 8th, 9th and 10th grade. She decided to pick it back up in college and Rosetta Stone helped her to bridge the two year gap. She also learned more than prior years in school. I would definately recommend this software.
Well I am not to sure what you can do but since mac is a apple product maybe using some apple headphones could help with the problem. once again I am not to sure myself but if that helps then awesome. hope that helps
I don't have a suggestion. When I purchased ours, it was for a PC. However, I did not know that it was for xp and 2000, I believe. Fortunately my parents have a laptop with xp and my daughter is able to use it. I do not remember seeing a choice for operating systems, except for the PC/MAC difference. I noticed on the back of our box it is dated 2009.
Hi Leah... I am not sure what you are asking? This product has a description::Rosetta Stone Homeschool teaches your student a new language naturally, the same way they mastered their first language. Innovative solutions get them speaking new words, right from the start. Rosetta Stone Homeschool moves forward only when your student is ready--you set the schedule and your student drives the pace. Parent Administrative Tools allow you to formulate lesson plans, manage your student's progress and track their success. Audio Companion CDs let them reinforce the Rosetta Stone experience anytime, anywhere. My daughter hadn't taken spanish for about 4 years and used this to brush up so she could take spanish in college. She found this very helpful. She continues to use this at higher levels as well. Hope this answers your question.
It is a cd for practice, but my kids have never used it through the first two levels.
The short answer is, SOMETIMES. It's a very touchy program with Windows 8. Very frustrating when it doesn't always work properly. I often regret having wasted my money on it.
Homeschool version has several different extras; it provides a disc with pdf files for worksheets, quizzes and tests with answers; 36 or 45 week teaching plan, application also has a homeschool panel that displays all computer lessons and grades earned with overall grad average and time spent on each section, and total time used. Application also allows you to select a starting level if you have prior French knowledge.
I have the Rosetta Stone Version 3 French Level 1-5 with Homeschool option and my set up did come with a headset microphone.
The installed software says version 3
Yes it worked on my mac
Yes, but there is only one or two CDs. They correlate with the lessons but in a very broad sense.
The quick answer is no. But the course is so well put together that you don't need books. I was impressed this how intuitive the coursework is presented. You really don't need books and there is a help facility that explains how to use the software. I am thinking of learning another language because I feel like I am there working with someone who knows the language.
Yes you would need to buy something to put the CD in, I hope that this is helpful. There are a lot of discs, but I like the program.
I have three kids, who each have their own account and can navigate independent of each other with the program.
The only difference that I've noticed is that the home school version comes with lesson plans.
Never had the regular version but the Homeschool version allows you to track progress and score. It provides worksheets, quizes and tests. Also, you receive a few different lesson ideas to plan out your year. I believe alot of the video and audio and such is the same but not for sure.
I bought this for someone else, but I bought a "learn Spanish" version 5 years ago and it runs fine on my Mac with Maverick
I am not exactly sure what the "other" includes. The homeschool version is organized in a curriculum with regular tests and quizes and also includes PDF files you can print out as written exercises and a "teacher guide." I would expect the non-homeschool version probably does not include these.
Yes it is well-suited to adult learners
Yes
You can
Don't know- but I don't see why it wouldn't work with Win 8 or Win 8.1. I think you should send Rosetta Stone that question, however- that's a pretty good question and they should have an answer- I'm thinking there may be problems with the video playback.
Yes, you can.
Thats is the online features like the one-on-one lessons with a teacher, or the different language games you can play to help you learn. The core Rosetta stone program will stay installed on you comp but you will have to subscribe to keep the online features.
I haven't tried putting the discs in the car's CD player. Rosetta Stone program is visual as well as auditory, so it would not work while you're driving. There is a Rosetta Stone smartphone app that syncs with your lesson progress and could be used if you're a passenger.
yes
I haven't come across that issue as of yet. I immediately installed all 3 disks upon arrival although I'm still currently working in the first disk I can't imagine why the others wouldn't work just as this one is. No prompts or issues during download. My packaging was sealed as if from supplier itself. Hope that helps
No, but every 3 months you have to re add the language, which is not a hard process
Midway through I tried out Pimsleur and I found it a lot more practical than Rosetta Stone. Eventually I switched to group classes. In general I would say RS is great for a quick start and vocabulary, Pimsleur is great for practical phrases but in the end there's nothing like a real teacher.
My grandson likes the program and finds it easy to ue.
Not through Rosetta Stone. For 5 months I worked Rosetta Stone every day and it did not produce fluency of any kind. My previous post will tell you why. I purchased a language suite from "Transparent Language" a lot cheaper and much more productive and portable on my tablet.
The version of Rosetta Stone that I purchased from Amazon that included both the standard and homeschool versions. The box contained one set of headphones/microphone.
yes, or at least according to the install manual it comes with it should work.
You can tailor the program to focus more on speaking and understanding for younger learners and you can track their progress with the homeschool function, but otherwise I think the overall content is the same as the adult program. I kind of wish it was more fun and engaging for little kids, but my kids think its kind of boring, but they do it anyway. They are 7 and 4. I have to help the 4 year old because she can't read yet, so its not as awesome as I had hoped, but there's really nothing better.
I don't believe so
The program allows up to 5 users at a time, but can only be loaded to one device. If you put it on a device you both have access to, (aka a family computer) you will both be able to use it.
yes, it was bought via Amazon but was authentically Rosetta Stone.
Unless it says just downloads yes it has dvds. The one I got from amazon had dvds
No
To an extent. It's mostly focused on the identification and pronunciation of words but you end up learning the different conjugations along the way.
Does it make any difference? Have the online support and lessons is excellent so ensure you have that
My instructions said that I could install Rosetta Stone onto 2 computers.
I was not provided with a headset, the box I received had earbuds with a mic attached. I couldn't get it to work, then realized that it only worked if I spoke into the earbuds themselves. I contacted Rosetta Stone asking for a replacement because my earbuds seemed to be wired backwards. They kept sending me directions on how to install them, which I did. They didn't seem to understand that it was the earbuds/mic itself that was faulty. I finally went out and just bought my own headset for $30, and it works great.
College language classes move at a much faster pace than High School. Where the actual levels line up with each of them would be hard to assess. I think the product is a good one, potentially better at refreshing the knowledge of someone who used to speak a language rather than learning with no prior experience. That said, I warn you this company has the worst customer service I have even dealt with. I have RS system updates of every level pending since November and I won't implement them because they are very likely to trash the entire package and I just know want to go through that merry-go-round again. This is a fairly expensive bit of software to be treated so unprofessionally as has been my experience with them.
No, No workbooks. All work is done on the computer - audio, speaking, visual, typing.
600MB free hard drive space (per level)
Yes
1-5 set, you would want to do the whole thing. Good luck
I'm pretty sure you can install it on multiple computers. I only tried it on one. While the program ran just fine, I was disappointed with the method of learning so I no longer used it. It focused only on memorizing words and phrases. It didn't focus at all on grammar. Unfortunately, it was a high price to pay just to be disappointed with the program's teaching method.
Yes! Absolutely! You can install the program in the country you want. ;)
Yes, I have seen a dramatic improvement in vocabulary, pronunciation, and communications. Mi lengua natal es el espanol, y eh aprendido muy rapidamente el ingles.
No. This is not good for grammar. It was the same case for my wife, so we have to google grammar lessons to understand how a particular sentence is built. This software teaches you what objects are called in english and basic sentence formation. But it does not tell you "why and how" this sentence is built this way.
Hi Eran, apoligize I will not be able to answer this question, only my wife used the software.
I have version 4 on Windows 7. Not sure if they have made one that requires version 8.
The more you study the better you'll get.Like with everything it will take time,but that depends on you.every one is different,just don't give.
No but the results will speak for themselves. I got it for my wife who is Japanese. She made leaps and bounds from the year that she used it. She actually still uses it. Loves it because of all the confidence it provided her to go out and use her English. I recommend it.
Yes
I don't know but I'm getting ready to re-install it after not using it for 6-8 months, on my new laptop with touchscreen and Win8. I can comment when I do it.
I am not sure about the question but Rosetta Stone gives you headphones and you have to speak the language unless you do not want to use the speech part. It keeps up with your progress and you have to finish sentences and answer questions,etc. so I guess the answer would be no.
I checked the Rosetta Stone box and it says it operates on the following: Windows XP SP3, Vista SP2, Windows 7 and Windows 8. Hope this helps.
From Rosetta Stone's website FAQ: I purchased the Rosetta Stone Language Learning CD-ROM. How many computers can I install the software on? The software can be installed on up two computers for use for up to five family members
I too am not one to learn languages easily. At the age of 56. I was reluctant to try. However, this program made it fun and as easy as possible for me. I look forward to spending time with this. IT IS worth the money. Best Wishes for your visit to Italy. As a side note, my husband lost his camera while visiting Italy. We had taken a picture of our name and address as the first picture on the memory chip. A wonderful Italian man found it and mailed it to us. The camera came home before my husband! Enjoy your trip!
There are three people using it in our home on the same computer. It remembers where each of us left off and we share the earphones that come with it. I think three or four may be the limit but I am not sure. Enjoy!
Way to bad I didn't see this one before I ordered. One would expect a responsible vendor to quit carrying it. Right Amazon!
No
I am not sure but I believe there would be a Rosetta Stone version for windows. The product is great. I would get in touch with RS directly and ask the question. It worked perfectly for me on a Mac.
Yes, absolutely. I can't remember when we bought it if you had to select Mac or windows but ours works perfectly. Check before you order.
Not me. I'd call customer service.
Hi, Timmy: You should be able to learn from Level 1 Italian to get by. Although I think it would be easier had there been English along with the lessons which are mostly pictures and the oral Italian phrases and sentences with each picture. Not what I expected.
Roy, I believe it's download only. However, I am away for a few weeks so I can't give you an exact answer. I would check the kit, if I was at home. I really got a lot out of the interactive portion. Most of the Italian's that we encountered, except for the train station in Rome, were friendly and very willing to speak English. You might be very frustrated with the dialup. Also, be sure you have enough RAM to hold this program. I learned that lesson the hard way. It won't download, if there's not enough memory, or whatever is needed. I'm not too proficient with computer stuff. So you may want to consult with a second person. Whatever you decide, have a wonderful time in Italy.
I use windows 8 on my laptop. I absolutely LOVE Rosetta Stone. I am learning italian and it is by far the best lesson plan I have EVR had.
When you first start up the program, does your opening screen want to direct you to a specific lesson in a specific unit? Mine does--that's part of setting program preferences. But looking closely at my opening screen, I always see the option to click a link that says "Explore all activities for Unit x" When I click that link, I can see all the lessons in the entire unit, and go back to any of them, even the ones in which I performed at 100%. Hope this helps. Let me know if I can help further.
Rosetta Stone allows the student to learn to speak the language, or to read and speak it, or to read, speak, and write the language. I chose the full package. I already knew the aleph-bet, and how the letters sound. If you don't know the aleph-bet, simply pay attention to the shapes of the letters and listen to the speakers give the phrases, and before long, you will be able to figure out the reading, too. I know this because a friend (years ago) purchased the Rosetta Stone Arabic, and those squiggles are meaningless to me, but after a period I could begin to grasp why a certain squiggle is different than another. It's not like Chinese, where there are hundreds of characters to learn; there are only 22 letters, only a few of which have a different form when found at the end of a word; also one letter takes a different sound based on whether there is a dot over it on one side (shin vs. sin). There are sections where spelling entire sentences is required, and those are the ones that I have the most trouble with. Happily, the program scores my answers, and allows me to retake the lesson till I get a score that is satisfactory to allow me to move on (typically high 80's or the 90's). I cheated and took notes on the correct answers (provided when the section is completed) and took the section again, inputting the correct answers, but wish I had not done that for the first time or two once I found out I would actually learn the words better for having to learn how to spell them. (For example, I spelled it so many times, I'll never forget the Hebrew word for "toy" in my life!) Once I learned how valuable the spelling is, I started the program under a different name (several students are allowed, and my wife isn't interested in Hebrew, so they are all me). Once I get to the section with the spelling, I'll take it the honest way, which is to say, by trial and error till I get a good grade.
Hello Cornelia, I do not believe it does. The intent of the software appears to be for beginners to be able to converse and write (to some extent).
Come With the headset
No
When I saw your question, I went to my original box and opened it. There is a CD that is entitled Audio Companion, but I never listened to what is on it.
I have installed and run this software on multiple computers.
4
Sorry, I'm not much help. On the CD box is says it is compatible with MP3 devices, but I don't use it that way. Can you call Customer Support at 877-2239763 and ask?
We did not use the online feature, sorry I have no information.
Hi Just saw your question. That is all you can do. No more than 2 computers. You can down load it on 2 computers and let up to 10 people then use it, but if like us - a family of four; you can not put it on all four computers for 4 people to use. I contacts Rosetta and no way would they be reasonable and let us download it on our individual computers. So only 2 people could use it at a time, I did try it on my daughters computer, but you cannot access the online programs as she is the registered user on that computer- I am told also that using the online program cost more after 3 months- so using it was not that good. Instead, I found Duolingo it is free and apparently more successful than Rosetta Stone is- there is some plateau- ing but no more than RS. Save your money go to http://www.duolingo.com- I think you'll be just as happy and apply the high cost of Rosetta Stone to your next trip
In Spain certain sentence structures are different and they still use "vosotros" which is rarely used in South America although some, such as the Argentinians use "vos" instead of tu. Also some slang and other sentence structures vary; even Mexican Spanish uses differ. I've been to almost all Central and South American countries that speak Spanish, Brasil does not, ellos hablan portugues. Double ll in argentina sounds like a Shya sound, not ya, Yo llama ingels . Chileans speak very rapidly. Peruvian Spanish is the clearest, nicest. If you plan to spend time in the Americas go with the Latin America, they will understand you in Spain anyway...Or use the universal language, English.
Hello Capt. REC, If you have the Version 3 or Version 4 TOTALe program (with CDs), you can install your program on 2 computers, and have up to 5 learners on each computer. If you need any assistance installing on a second computer, feel free to give our Product Support team a call at (866) 834-6115. I hope this helps!
It does but I strongly recommend you look elsewhere. Headset functionality was a constant issue, precluding interaction with a live coach. feedback and echoing and volume problems persisted.Tech support was unable or unwilling to help. The amount of content received is disproportionate to the high price. I found it a frustrating waste of money.
I would absolutely say yes! I even purchased the Spanish Instant Immersion because I wanted to have it at my work place and be on the go and make sure that I was learning fast.
I have Windows 8, and it works perfectly. Not sure what other version of Windows it will work with. I'm sure if you call Rosetta Stone, they will have an answer for you.
The Rosetta Stone requires 1 GB of Ram or higher and 600 MB free hard-drive space (PER LEVEL)
You could turn the volume way up if needed. I play mine at a low to medium volume so I think you would be just fine. Hope this may help you out. LRE
compatible with both
You would establish an account with your email address as your user id & password & login once your serial #'s are validated. I use it on my cell phone via chrome. The disks are pretty much worthless.
yes, the box version has a CD-ROM which loads onto your computer. I have used the computer version on my PC a few times and there's little difference from the internet version other than appearance. However, you will not be able to chat online with other learners, or play games online with other learners. You can still play games on the computer version. My version SEEMS to suggest that I can load up to five learners on one version, but I haven't tried. Thus a learner would logon and the program would take the learner to where he/she left off. Each learner can proceed at their own pace (I think.) Four or five learners might replace the online chat feature. Good luck!
Yes, or the southwest where so many Spanish-speaking people live and work.
I have used Rosetta Stone (pricey), duolingo.com & udemy.com. I think udemy is the best but there's no oral component and it starts off very slow for someone who already knows the basics. If you already speak well, then you could probably skip some and do fine. Duolingo is completely free, but I had trouble with the speaking part. If you don't need this, and are just looking for a review, this would probably be your best bet.
yes
If they have your login information yes
Since I don't have your computer in front of me I can't say. The people at Rosetta can and will be able to help you. After installing my version I had to do a system recovery. It took out the program when I did it. The Rosetta folks re-installed it for me on line. They should help you too. The program is often a one time install to prevent it being passed around.
Absolutely! It is for English speakers who want to learn Spanish
Yes it is much cheaper that way
Yes
I would choose something else. This is an immersion approach and will not follow normal Spanish classes which teach grammar. In addition, I did not like the user graphic interface.
Absolutely....but, you must seek to be as immersed in the language and culture as much as possible. Listen to music, news in Italian (RAI), watch movies and turn off the subtitles, go to Italian restaurants. The program is a lot of fun and I highly recommend it. But, like with all language learning, you must be intense and purposeful. Ciao!
Special monitor isn't needed.
Please ensure that your system meets the minimum specification for the DVD install and use. If it is too old a system, it might be too slow to run in your PC. Please look at the specification in the ad or contact Rosetta Stone customer service directly. Merry Christmas!
1. Ours came with 15 months of online access. I'm not sure why you got only 3. 2. You look on their schedule and pick the earliest available time. Sometimes that's in a day or two, and sometimes it's not until a week or two away. I don't know about doing it more often, since we actually never got around to doing this. 3. I loved the online games, but I rarely played them against other people. As far as I know, you can't speak to the other players. I just remember trying to identify things more quickly by typing their names. Mostly I played on my own. The best one for me involved listening to stories and clicking words as you heard them. The words are arranged in a grid, and you try to make a "bingo." I listened to some of the stories over and over during the course of the year, and I definitely got better at parsing what they said. Understanding came even later, but I had to begin with just making sense of this flow of unfamiliar sounds. I'm afraid I can't look up the answers for you. We came across a big downside of the program: you only get two installs for $800. So when you have two hard drive crashes (in the month before we left for Italy -- and then we got a new computer, and *it's* new drive crashed within a week!) you're out of luck. It was very frustrating to suddenly lose our program. Several times while we were in Italy, I thought of times I would have liked to look something up or practice something on RS that came up in a conversation in the real world. But, no, the company was too concerned that we would give it away to all our friends, so we couldn't use it anymore after the computer trouble.
I loaded mine on my main PC and another laptop. I believe this is the maximum allowed.
I speak Spanish and Portuguese and tried to learn Italian with Rosetta Stone. It's very slow and very boring. You won't be able to hold a conversation after these lessons. Try Living Language audio programs that you can get on Amazon. I learned Portuguese with living language and Italian too. I just started the Italian programs and I can at the very least, hold a social conversation in Italian. Also try the Power Italian audio books by Mark Frobose, it's great to listen and repeat for faster learning.
You can either download the files to your Mac or PC or you can use it on line. You get three months on line for free. If you don't pay extra after that, you have to use your local installation. You are allowed to download the files onto two machines.
No. Two reasons. Restrictive software- you need to work through "the cloud." And even if you could, the media is twofold - visual and audio. Try the Living Language series - you can put the files on any device you want and it does not depend on visual feedback.
It's just a headset with a mic using a usb connection. any similar device will work.
I think the safe answer is to call costumer support, they have been very helpful every time I needed assistance and they have different products for different needs. I my opinion this is the best program for learning any language and I had quite a few.
It should work on Mac OS if you have the Mac version. Write to Rosetta for an answer.
Chuck, I do not know. My knowledge of Chinese is dialect heavy(Beijing, Sichuan and Cantonese) and I used it for standardizing my speech to the norm for speaking formally with people. The on-line is for continuing your learning and picking up on vocabulary for any special needs that you might have.
Yes, it works with 8.1. I switched from 8.0 to 8.1 and RS still works. They have recently sent an update and the program is much better now.
Yes
The two languages are totally unrelated. Korean is more related to Japanese then Chinese. Korean has borrowed some Chinese words but the grammars and word order of the two languages are totally different. Like Japanese, Korean has an extensive system of verb suffixes and post positions unlike anything in Chinese. Occasionally Chinese characters are seen in Korea but they seemed to be more decorative in nature.
I think that you might be able to by loading it onto a computer and then from the computer to your tablet. I don't own a tablet so I'm not 100% sure, hope that helps.
I got my money back when it failed to work. But i am not sure if it is their policy or I just got lucky.
I've read the other comment sent to me. To answer: I have windows 7 and have absolutely no problems. I can even use my own headset but the one they send it actually really nice. They do have trial versions of Rosetta stone and coupons to make it all cheaper. As long as you buy it from a certified and legitimate retailer I don't think you'll have any problems like I did. I still have it and use it about three times a week to keep my Chinese fresh.
I have no idea about that sorry. However, I'm sure Rosetta has a 1-800 number you could call to figure that out. Normally I'd say that since its a computer that you could put it on there, but I have no verifiable proof for a samsung tablet.
It is good for learning the spoken language, but virtually nothing on grammar. I wish there was written text to go along with the lessons. Having said that, it has made me more confident to speak German. I have all 5 levels and have stalled out on Level II, but plan to resume lessons soon.
The method is repetition of words first, including nouns, verbs, articles of nouns and eventually you put them together and make sentences. Some of it is reading and saying something outloud, some is repeating what the "teacher" says, some is identifying the object and picking out the correct one from a group of pictures. It is repeated another way next time. Eventually you have learned verbs, articles and sentences. Pretty amazing effective technique. The best I can do to explain it, but to answer your question, yes, eventually you will learn sentence structure. It is expensive but very well done.
From my experience in Germany it leans more towards Northern Dialects.
Yes, on at least three devices before the number is frozen.
I am sure it would. If I were you I would start at Level 3 or 4 as 1 & 2 are fairly basic. There is not a lot of grammar - what is there you learn by speaking, but that is the way most of us learned grammar anyway.
YES!
I have no idea. I use windows 8.1.
Yes.
Yes... Works on my Mac
Yes
If you want to read and write (and you do), you need comfort with the alphabets. Romanized versions are, in my opinion, a disservice. My wife read many children's books in Hiragana after mastering the basics.
No, the 3 month subscription is just to the online stuff. You have your software on your computer forever and you do not have to continue the online subscription.
Yes, it can run on windows 8. Thats what my computer is. If you really want this, I recommend getting it very much.
I think it could work, but it would depend highly on the mental age of the child; if you're coming from a non-pictograph language, the first problem you will have is that you hear a lot of sounds but no distinct words and following along with the printed text doesn't help because you can't read it. I found I was really struggling with Rosetta Stone until I took a few days to learn both Hiragana and Katakana phonetic writing systems (46 characters each, but the sounds are the same). Once I did that, the whole thing made complete sense because I could match up what I was hearing with what I was seeing. Japanese as a whole is not an overly complex language; it doesn't have a lot of exceptions to the rule, but there are some significant differences with a language such as English. Before you spend this kind of money on something a child may or may not stick with, I would strongly suggest using the web to see how they take to learning Hiragana and Katakana. There are some excellent apps out there for iOS (Dr Moku's Hiragana and Katakana apps, for example).
I bought mine over 2 years ago but it contained cd's
I don't think it matters, it updates to current programs setting (all my language installments have been changing/updating for years). I think it updates the lessons too, because when I check my status I find I have things I didn't due after an update.
I purchased mine six years ago, and it did not come with a head set.
I think so. I used it lion. There is a better program for only $30 on Amazon. It has a couple dvds and books. I think it is called "living language Japanese"
Yes
No
I purchased my CDs several years ago and they still work. The only thing that expires is the online feature which you can continue for a fee. Within the last 6 months I downloaded the APP for free for my Samsung galaxy S3 and my iPad. Using my original sign-in information, I'm able to use Rosetta Stone on my home PC, on my handheld devices, and remotely on other computers! It's awesome! I find I use the phone app most often when I'm waiting.
You can only install it on one device to be able to get all the lesson. If you try to install it on another device you will only get some if the lessons. I would recommend the online option that allows you to access it from different devices and you get more features.
If I recall the license allows 2 installations but read it carefully bc if you need to reinstall on an existing computer that would use up the other installation. We load all our languages on one computer for that reason
Yes, as well as on mobile devices.
Yes
very committed. Language take a lot of practice
they offer both dvd's or an online access
These are CDs that you upload on computer and then use interactively. There is an MP3 part too that you could play on iPhone or iTouch via your car stereo.
I use the product as a self study program so I don't use the Instructor
It depends on where you are going to use it. I spend time in Spain so I bought the Spain edition. For latin America or to communicate in the US with latin Americans I would get the Latin American version.
I bought the software with support for a year. The support finished but I could still use the software in its current format. However, I like Smart Draw so much I got an upgrade to take advantage of its improvements.
You should contact SmartDraw tech support. They are pretty responsive. In terms of your second question, try the "group" command under the "design" tab. Sometimes this software is very frustrating.
Jennifer, I would think it would be handy for banquet planning and layout. They have templates for everything, including rectangles, round tables, chairs, etc. that you can make to the size you need. You can duplicate the walls, wall openings, doorways, etc, so you get good traffic flow. It's not hard to use, and if you run into problems, call the help line and they walk you through. Good Luck, Brooke
Smartdraw provides you with the capability to create "clean sheet" house plans as well as drawings to support additions to existing structures. If you are creating an addition you will need to create an existing conditions plan that captures the current structure components, and will form the basis for the addition plans. Your local building governance codes will likely require that you capture existing conditions prior to the issuance of the building permit for the addition. Depending on the covenants that may be in force in your neighbourhood, a detailed floor plan and elevation will likely be all you need for job permitting on an addition. Smartdraw provides you with easy to use template to address both of these design challenges, and the software is intuitive, and easy to use. I am in the building business and can not tell how much money I would have saved on draftsman fees if I had known about Smartdraw....good luck with the addition.....
It does a nice job. It takes a little getting used to but once you get the hang of it, it works very nicely.
I have a Mac OS X 10.9.2 and quicken essentials for Mac works perfectly fine.
To be quite honest, it is fine for me, but my needs are rather simple. I use it primarily to keep track if banking information, but do not do any complicated work with it.
I am using it with 10.9 without any problems.
The DVD I installed has the following information on the screen (under the Quicken name in the upper left hand corner of the iMac monitor), "V1.7.4 (Build 4.7362.400) 2010-2013 Intuit, Inc.
ask Google - they are quite good with info and videos - I'd like to know also - I'm finding Quicken for Mac rather complicated.
Yes
I would back-up before. MasterCcook is so unreliable. I actually transferred my MC recipes to Cook'n which is now V11.3.8. Transfer was a bitch, not gonna lie to you. I have written MC many times and never received a response from any of the emails. Good luck but always back up
Not really sure, but if I had to guess, it be in the early 90's. I have all the master cook cd's, downloaded all of them to fix there many mistakes and/or creator. I switched over to a new site called COOK'n and they are on version 11. Much better program than master cook who I think let the update's go. They were focused on there games which brings in more monies. COOK'n is far better program, but has it's problem's. They do take your questions, suggestions and work on the fixes. I have emailed master cook many times and never received a response from them. Good luck
1998
Yes but it has to be the XP version. We ordered one from a different vendor that stated it was for XP but it turned out to be for the older version of Windows. We found another vendor and sent them a question first to make sure that one was for XP.
I had issues with the screen resolution. This is an old software and I had to reduce the screen res for the game to play. But once I did that it worked great! You play off of the CD-rom (you cannot download it) so I think it will play with any system. I hope this helps.
Graphics are pretty plain. Nothing special.
Yes. We had no issues when we loaded the software on a PC that had Windows 7 OS.
I would imagine that it would work with a wireless connection; when my children were smaller, they used it as a plug and play item. Opening it up to the universal via internet, was not a necessity. It is a wonderful teaching tool.
It doesn't work for Windows 7 and more recent.
Windows NT / 98.
I have owned my labels for years and it works on my new computers new and older computers I use the same package.
This is a program that didn't cover Word 7 so I couldn't use it. The physical labels are purchased and are stick'em.
Yes, for what I need My Labels software to do, it works fine.
Sorry I don't know.
It should work
It doesn't work for Windows 7 and more recent.
Windows NT / 98.
I have owned my labels for years and it works on my new computers new and older computers I use the same package.
This is a program that didn't cover Word 7 so I couldn't use it. The physical labels are purchased and are stick'em.
Yes, for what I need My Labels software to do, it works fine.
Sorry I don't know.
It should work
yes miss be yes miss b. IT do have calendars that you can create your own calendar and try it you Just may like it.you can put the family pictures in your calendar I hope this helps you.
had to return it. It wasn't compatible with my Windows 7 compute.r
I was unable to get it to work on Windows 7 and ended up sending it back.
Mine does!
No, i had to return it. Wasn't compatible to Windows 7
Yes, you may print a pocket Calendar. From the Creata Card menu. Click on Forget Me Not - this will bring up the current month's calendar. Click on Print and then a Print Menu will pop up. At this point, you can choose Pocket Calendar. You will want to click on the landscape option. It will print half of the calendar on one side of the paper, then turn the paper over and press OK. This will print the rest of the calendar. I have never used this feature, but I checked it out and it works fine. I am so saddened that a newer version of Creata Card will not be made. I can only use this on my old laptop that has Windows XP. I really like the address feature as you can put in names, addresses, birth date and year. It will then remind you when a persons birthday is coming. It is the only program that I know of that keeps all this information from year to year. You are also able to print out this information. If you want additional information, once in the calendar section, you may click on the yellow question mark at the top. I hope this is helpful. C.M.C.
Yes you can, easy to make them. So much to look at and do. Fun!
yes this will work on Windows creation to use it you have to experience. It work wonderfully.
I have tried and tried to put american greetings creatacard gold 3 on windows 7 and it will not go on. Any help would be appreciated. If I could just update it some way that would help. I love the calendar ant the event reminder on this program. I also have Sierra Print Artist disney Mickey and Friends and cannot get it installed either. Thanks for any tips.
yes miss be yes miss b. IT do have calendars that you can create your own calendar and try it you Just may like it.you can put the family pictures in your calendar I hope this helps you.
had to return it. It wasn't compatible with my Windows 7 compute.r
I was unable to get it to work on Windows 7 and ended up sending it back.
Mine does!
No, i had to return it. Wasn't compatible to Windows 7
Yes, you may print a pocket Calendar. From the Creata Card menu. Click on Forget Me Not - this will bring up the current month's calendar. Click on Print and then a Print Menu will pop up. At this point, you can choose Pocket Calendar. You will want to click on the landscape option. It will print half of the calendar on one side of the paper, then turn the paper over and press OK. This will print the rest of the calendar. I have never used this feature, but I checked it out and it works fine. I am so saddened that a newer version of Creata Card will not be made. I can only use this on my old laptop that has Windows XP. I really like the address feature as you can put in names, addresses, birth date and year. It will then remind you when a persons birthday is coming. It is the only program that I know of that keeps all this information from year to year. You are also able to print out this information. If you want additional information, once in the calendar section, you may click on the yellow question mark at the top. I hope this is helpful. C.M.C.
Yes you can, easy to make them. So much to look at and do. Fun!
yes this will work on Windows creation to use it you have to experience. It work wonderfully.
I have tried and tried to put american greetings creatacard gold 3 on windows 7 and it will not go on. Any help would be appreciated. If I could just update it some way that would help. I love the calendar ant the event reminder on this program. I also have Sierra Print Artist disney Mickey and Friends and cannot get it installed either. Thanks for any tips.
I'm not sure, but it's an early version I think
I found first version of family tree maker in early 1980s; was in Germany but had to take trip back to the states for business; stopped by at one of the little shops in pentagon and spotted the FTM disc and decided to give it a try. It was very helpful.
FTM is owned by Ancestry. They don't exactly "work" together. You can sign up to use Ancestry, do you tree and research there in the same format as FTM and ignore the FTM on your computer. Every once in a while I go through the process of downloading all the changes i make on line to the FTM program on my computer. I just got a new computer, and I have not yet loaded FTM on it, but I still go the ancestry.com and do all my work there....I'll get around to downloading all the changes at some point.
I can't seem to find an answer for you about that, I'm sorry.
Sorry it took so long to get back to you. This book is the 4th edition from 1997. Hope this is what you where loooking for!
I didn't notice it came with a CD. Ours is only the book
I'm not sure, but it's an early version I think
I found first version of family tree maker in early 1980s; was in Germany but had to take trip back to the states for business; stopped by at one of the little shops in pentagon and spotted the FTM disc and decided to give it a try. It was very helpful.
FTM is owned by Ancestry. They don't exactly "work" together. You can sign up to use Ancestry, do you tree and research there in the same format as FTM and ignore the FTM on your computer. Every once in a while I go through the process of downloading all the changes i make on line to the FTM program on my computer. I just got a new computer, and I have not yet loaded FTM on it, but I still go the ancestry.com and do all my work there....I'll get around to downloading all the changes at some point.
I can't seem to find an answer for you about that, I'm sorry.
Sorry it took so long to get back to you. This book is the 4th edition from 1997. Hope this is what you where loooking for!
I didn't notice it came with a CD. Ours is only the book
I've been playing this game for over fifteen years and I have never come across a single prostitute. It could be a typo, you can prospect for gold if you take the 'Sacramento Trail'. Maybe he meant 'prospectors'. I think it's a good idea that you are buying this game for your grandchildren. Just be sure that they have a computer that can run it. I played it on "Windows 95" in my youth but it works with my "Windows XP" laptop. Any newer Windows OS probably won't run it. You could try stuff like 'Doss Box' but that is a route that you probably don't want to take because of all the complex computer work. You could take the computer to a microsoft store but that could end up costing hundreds of dollars and even then, it's not guaranteed to work. But if you do have the proper computer hardware, "Oregon Trail 2" is the best version of the "Oregon Trail" series.
It should. If you have a 32 bit version of windows Xp should work out of the box. If you have the 64 bit version you will need to manually install it but it will work fine too.
There is just one disc, so no need to change anything during the game. It worked fine with my Windows 7 laptop. I just got a new Windows 8 laptop -- haven't tried it on that yet.
You can't. This program is for much older computer and won't install on newer models. I had the same issue.
No it won't, not out of the box. There is a work around that you can look up online though, after that it runs fine. I've done the modification myself and it works with my windows 8.1 64bit laptop.
I think if you click a button it will read to you but I'm not 100% sure
I never got it to work on Windows 7 ...it will only work on XP
No it's for windows. An older version like 95. I can't even play it.
Normally no, but there is a work around that I found just by Googling for solutions. I can now play it on Windows 8, but I have to go into the file folder and click on a particular icon. It will then play in a smaller window. It does not fill up the entire screen. Otherwise it works.
Windows 8 I'm not sure I have 7 & it wouldn't work i luckily have a laptop that has XP on it so that's how I found out it worked on XP
If I'm not mistaken, it will depend upon if you're running 32 bit or 64 bit Windows 7. The Pajama Sam game, along with the other Humongous Entertainment games of its time, runs in 16-bit. Windows operating systems are able to emulate back one generation, so 32-bit can emulate 16-bit, but 64-bit can only emulate as far back as 32-bit. So, if you're running 32-bit Windows 7, you'll be able to run the game just fine off the disc. If you're running 64-bit Windows 7 (or any Windows OS), the game will not natively run off the disc. That said, there are work arounds available. There's a program called ScummVM. If you get the game, you can pull certain files off the CD, and this program allows you to run the game, even on a 64-bit system. For more info on that program, visit http://scummvm.org/ Hope this helps. Enjoy!
No
No
Yes it will play
Yes, it is a computer game
This game was not programmed to run on the current Mac OS. The current Mac OS is a much different OS than its older counterpart. The old macs also ran off of completely different hardware.
The game will not work on Windows 7 or Windows 8 directly, but there is a work that doesn't require you to be an IT pro to perform. You can go to www.microsoft.com and download Windows XP mode, and the required Windows Virtual Server for free. After installing both of those, you can run Clue Finder's 4th Grade and many other educational titles for Windows XP without any problems. I will post the links for the downloads as well.
I can't be certain, but it never worked with later Windows versions. Even when we used the "wizard" that is supposed to make it work with later versions. I would not count on it.
I don't know for sure, but I doubt it. When new operating systems came along, we had trouble using it - did not get it to work. That was ages ago, so I would guess it won't work now. My then 4th grader is now a sophomore in college.
The version I have works great on my 1yr old HP Pavallion laptop running windows 7...also has been installed on 2-yr old compaq desktops for private school...kids have to draw straws on Friday for their computer free time.
There are Christian cards along with many others in this set. I do not know about windows 7. I have XP
Yes. I normally make letter size, half fold. It also has several paper sizes available.
On the package says it does. I haven't tried it. Thanks
Sorry, I have a Mac. It didn't run on my Mac because it arrived scratched and damaged.
Yes
I don't know. The disk that I received didn't work at all.
There are Christian cards along with many others in this set. I do not know about windows 7. I have XP
Yes. I normally make letter size, half fold. It also has several paper sizes available.
On the package says it does. I haven't tried it. Thanks
Sorry, I have a Mac. It didn't run on my Mac because it arrived scratched and damaged.
Yes
I don't know. The disk that I received didn't work at all.
I believe yes it will. Windows 8 has a compatibility feature that can run the program/app in Windows 7 all the way back to XP, so you should be a-ok :) Thanks!
Yes it is. I had no trouble loading it.
No it does not. I have a newer mac and it does not open. I have to use it with my laptop.
I believe yes it will. Windows 8 has a compatibility feature that can run the program/app in Windows 7 all the way back to XP, so you should be a-ok :) Thanks!
Yes it is. I had no trouble loading it.
No it does not. I have a newer mac and it does not open. I have to use it with my laptop.
I believe yes it will. Windows 8 has a compatibility feature that can run the program/app in Windows 7 all the way back to XP, so you should be a-ok :) Thanks!
Yes it is. I had no trouble loading it.
No it does not. I have a newer mac and it does not open. I have to use it with my laptop.
Turbotax won't import Moneydance data. Moneydance will export QIF and tab delimited but those won't go into Turbotax. I also use Turbotax. I just enter in the data manually. Years ago, I used quicken and did the import thing. I then had to double check and fix up. I think the manual method is actually faster and more reliable at the end of the day. Every year, I tell myself I'm going to try one of the other tax programs but then time runs short and I fall back on Turbotax. Maybe this year.
I don't have that problem. Mine is quick. Ask on the help line.
No idea, I gave up on this program years ago.
You can print the entire manual.
I believe it is download only, and I did a quick check on,the internet which confirms that. However, you get a registration number, which would allow you to re-download, if needed. Also, I have found Infinite Kind support to be extremely helpful and responsive. I sent several emails early on, and each was responded to. Good luck. It's not Quicken, but I really love it.
Not directly. The way I got my data into Moneydance was to import it into Quicken and then export it as a QIF file. If Microsoft Money supports QIF output you could export directly. Although I really like Moneydance, I'd gladly go back to Microsoft Money if I had the opportunity. Money was an absolutely perfect fit for my needs while Moneydance is just very well designed for my needs.
That depends on what you are trying to get the software to do. If you are asking whether it can handle basic asset reporting and accounting, the answer is yes. If you are trying to get it to print invoices or do credit checks or any other specialized property management functions; sorry, the answer is no.
Not exactly in the sense you mean. It has a fairly extensive budgeting function but I've never used it so I can't vouch for it. All I can say from experience is that the program has worked very well for my needs except for a couple of minor nagging issues that I really should contact the vendor about as there is probably a solution already out there.
I had another major bank, but I would guess chase uses compatible system. Sorry no help, but MD faqs should help.
Turbotax won't import Moneydance data. Moneydance will export QIF and tab delimited but those won't go into Turbotax. I also use Turbotax. I just enter in the data manually. Years ago, I used quicken and did the import thing. I then had to double check and fix up. I think the manual method is actually faster and more reliable at the end of the day. Every year, I tell myself I'm going to try one of the other tax programs but then time runs short and I fall back on Turbotax. Maybe this year.
I don't have that problem. Mine is quick. Ask on the help line.
No idea, I gave up on this program years ago.
You can print the entire manual.
I believe it is download only, and I did a quick check on,the internet which confirms that. However, you get a registration number, which would allow you to re-download, if needed. Also, I have found Infinite Kind support to be extremely helpful and responsive. I sent several emails early on, and each was responded to. Good luck. It's not Quicken, but I really love it.
Not directly. The way I got my data into Moneydance was to import it into Quicken and then export it as a QIF file. If Microsoft Money supports QIF output you could export directly. Although I really like Moneydance, I'd gladly go back to Microsoft Money if I had the opportunity. Money was an absolutely perfect fit for my needs while Moneydance is just very well designed for my needs.
That depends on what you are trying to get the software to do. If you are asking whether it can handle basic asset reporting and accounting, the answer is yes. If you are trying to get it to print invoices or do credit checks or any other specialized property management functions; sorry, the answer is no.
Not exactly in the sense you mean. It has a fairly extensive budgeting function but I've never used it so I can't vouch for it. All I can say from experience is that the program has worked very well for my needs except for a couple of minor nagging issues that I really should contact the vendor about as there is probably a solution already out there.
I had another major bank, but I would guess chase uses compatible system. Sorry no help, but MD faqs should help.
yes it does come with the product key
From what I understand you have to have a license to put it on another computer.
You need the operating system xp professional not office xp pro, which this is. We do have xp pro available if you look at our listings. That is what came with that IBM model. Thanks, Mark
Not sure, I personally got rid of XP when Microsoft stopped doing auto updates for security. Would not recommend XP to anyone.
I'm not sure, but I believe it needs and operating system to function correctly. Google the system requirements and that should tell you. hope this helps.
yes it will work just fine and after you need to get updates if they are availiable
I do not know. This is a pretty old product. I would suggest to find a more recent version.
As long as you have the original disk that has not been overwritten you should be able to install it on other computers. I did.
No it doesn't
It worked fine for years. But I have Windows 7 now, and that works fine, too.
I have an iMac and it works on that (the iMac is over 7 years old and runs on the latest iOS). I have bought reader rabbit apps for iPad, too. None of the apps worked quite right, but this disk does. My 6-year-old loves it, and it did help prepare her for kindergarten. Skills covered are not exactly aligned with Common Core, but some people would say that's a good thing. ;-/
no
I really don't remember, but I wouldn't bet on it. So many of these educational packages didn't work on Windows 7 for me.
I don't know.
I have an iMac and it works on that (the iMac is over 7 years old and runs on the latest iOS). I have bought reader rabbit apps for iPad, too. None of the apps worked quite right, but this disk does. My 6-year-old loves it, and it did help prepare her for kindergarten. Skills covered are not exactly aligned with Common Core, but some people would say that's a good thing. ;-/
no
I really don't remember, but I wouldn't bet on it. So many of these educational packages didn't work on Windows 7 for me.
I don't know.
This is Microsoft's Compatibility site. If you type the name Logical Journey of the Zoombini's in the Search line, and Enter, it comes up as compatible. I am curious, too, as I'd love to buy it for my granddaughters as their mom loved it so much. I'll still buy it, then try it and see. I have two old laptops; one with Vista and one with XP, so maybe one of them will work... http://www.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/compatibility/win7/CompatCenter/ProductViewerWithDefaultFilters?TempOsid=win7&Locale=en-us&TextSearch=logical%2Bjourney%2Bof%2Bthe%2Bzoombinis&Type=Both&CurrentPage=0&TotalPages=1&ShowCriteria=0&SortCriteria=Relevance&Compatibility=Unknown&LastRequested=14
If you are still looking for this game, they are remaking it: Kickstarter: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/zoombinisgame/zoombinis (ends Tue, Mar 24 2015 9:59 PM MST.)
No it will not. I tried everything. But I can't get this to work for my brother. Sadly, I'd say skip this version and write to the developers to get this classic back into working circulation!
OSX 10.5 (Tiger) was the last operating system to support PowerPC-based software, and that is what this game is. I don't believe there's any way to get it to run on 10.8 (Mountain Lion) unless the developer releases an updated version. It's a bummer.
I threw it out. I think that it did not work on Windows 8 although it worked on Windows XP. It was a really stupid program----nothing I wanted to waste my time using.
I don't think so. I ran it on my son's computer 12 years ago and it ran well...that is how old the OS should be. My new computer with windows 7 can't read it.
I have yet to get it to work on my MacBook Pro but some of that may be my own error. Apple just sent out an OS upgrade called OS X which is listed on the label of the Zoombinis box. Before this upgrade when I would put the disc in the drive it would show up on Finder with the circle and slash of something now allowed or not supported by the OS. Now I get the symbols clearly but still haven't managed to get it to run. Like I said, that may be my fault, I'm still learning how to use Mac rather than PC.
Yes
Vista is a Windows OS so I do not know.
I think so.
This is Microsoft's Compatibility site. If you type the name Logical Journey of the Zoombini's in the Search line, and Enter, it comes up as compatible. I am curious, too, as I'd love to buy it for my granddaughters as their mom loved it so much. I'll still buy it, then try it and see. I have two old laptops; one with Vista and one with XP, so maybe one of them will work... http://www.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/compatibility/win7/CompatCenter/ProductViewerWithDefaultFilters?TempOsid=win7&Locale=en-us&TextSearch=logical%2Bjourney%2Bof%2Bthe%2Bzoombinis&Type=Both&CurrentPage=0&TotalPages=1&ShowCriteria=0&SortCriteria=Relevance&Compatibility=Unknown&LastRequested=14
If you are still looking for this game, they are remaking it: Kickstarter: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/zoombinisgame/zoombinis (ends Tue, Mar 24 2015 9:59 PM MST.)
No it will not. I tried everything. But I can't get this to work for my brother. Sadly, I'd say skip this version and write to the developers to get this classic back into working circulation!
OSX 10.5 (Tiger) was the last operating system to support PowerPC-based software, and that is what this game is. I don't believe there's any way to get it to run on 10.8 (Mountain Lion) unless the developer releases an updated version. It's a bummer.
I threw it out. I think that it did not work on Windows 8 although it worked on Windows XP. It was a really stupid program----nothing I wanted to waste my time using.
I don't think so. I ran it on my son's computer 12 years ago and it ran well...that is how old the OS should be. My new computer with windows 7 can't read it.
I have yet to get it to work on my MacBook Pro but some of that may be my own error. Apple just sent out an OS upgrade called OS X which is listed on the label of the Zoombinis box. Before this upgrade when I would put the disc in the drive it would show up on Finder with the circle and slash of something now allowed or not supported by the OS. Now I get the symbols clearly but still haven't managed to get it to run. Like I said, that may be my fault, I'm still learning how to use Mac rather than PC.
Yes
Vista is a Windows OS so I do not know.
I think so.
This is Microsoft's Compatibility site. If you type the name Logical Journey of the Zoombini's in the Search line, and Enter, it comes up as compatible. I am curious, too, as I'd love to buy it for my granddaughters as their mom loved it so much. I'll still buy it, then try it and see. I have two old laptops; one with Vista and one with XP, so maybe one of them will work... http://www.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/compatibility/win7/CompatCenter/ProductViewerWithDefaultFilters?TempOsid=win7&Locale=en-us&TextSearch=logical%2Bjourney%2Bof%2Bthe%2Bzoombinis&Type=Both&CurrentPage=0&TotalPages=1&ShowCriteria=0&SortCriteria=Relevance&Compatibility=Unknown&LastRequested=14
If you are still looking for this game, they are remaking it: Kickstarter: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/zoombinisgame/zoombinis (ends Tue, Mar 24 2015 9:59 PM MST.)
No it will not. I tried everything. But I can't get this to work for my brother. Sadly, I'd say skip this version and write to the developers to get this classic back into working circulation!
OSX 10.5 (Tiger) was the last operating system to support PowerPC-based software, and that is what this game is. I don't believe there's any way to get it to run on 10.8 (Mountain Lion) unless the developer releases an updated version. It's a bummer.
I threw it out. I think that it did not work on Windows 8 although it worked on Windows XP. It was a really stupid program----nothing I wanted to waste my time using.
I don't think so. I ran it on my son's computer 12 years ago and it ran well...that is how old the OS should be. My new computer with windows 7 can't read it.
I have yet to get it to work on my MacBook Pro but some of that may be my own error. Apple just sent out an OS upgrade called OS X which is listed on the label of the Zoombinis box. Before this upgrade when I would put the disc in the drive it would show up on Finder with the circle and slash of something now allowed or not supported by the OS. Now I get the symbols clearly but still haven't managed to get it to run. Like I said, that may be my fault, I'm still learning how to use Mac rather than PC.
Yes
Vista is a Windows OS so I do not know.
I think so.
Yes, it can be installed on more than one computer, however the disc does need to be in the drive while playing.
Yes. It lags a little, but plays just fine.
Yes. I have windows 8 and it works on both my desktop and laptop.
Yes it will!
Not sure. I know it doesn't work on my MAC!
I don't have the game, so I can't promise that this has worked for me, but it HAS worked for me with many other games. Find the folder where the game was installed (probably something like C:\Program Files\The Learning Company) and find the executable file (it should look like the desktop icon you click on to start the game). Right-click the icon and choose Properties. This should give you a small window with 4 tabs. Near the top of the General tab it should say "Type of file: Application (.EXE)". If so, click on the Compatibility tab, then check the box that says "Run this program in compatibility mode for:" and choose "Windows XP (Service Pack 2)" from the drop-down list. Click OK at the bottom to close, then try your desktop shortcut. If it still doesn't work, go back and try setting the compatibility mode to Windows 98, but Oregon Trail 5th edition has been said to work with XP, so I would try that first.
it did not on mine
I will look at the box and see if that OS is mentioned and get back with you
Don't know if it works on windows 7, I have a Mac.
No clue
Yes, it can be installed on more than one computer, however the disc does need to be in the drive while playing.
Yes. It lags a little, but plays just fine.
Yes. I have windows 8 and it works on both my desktop and laptop.
Yes it will!
Not sure. I know it doesn't work on my MAC!
I don't have the game, so I can't promise that this has worked for me, but it HAS worked for me with many other games. Find the folder where the game was installed (probably something like C:\Program Files\The Learning Company) and find the executable file (it should look like the desktop icon you click on to start the game). Right-click the icon and choose Properties. This should give you a small window with 4 tabs. Near the top of the General tab it should say "Type of file: Application (.EXE)". If so, click on the Compatibility tab, then check the box that says "Run this program in compatibility mode for:" and choose "Windows XP (Service Pack 2)" from the drop-down list. Click OK at the bottom to close, then try your desktop shortcut. If it still doesn't work, go back and try setting the compatibility mode to Windows 98, but Oregon Trail 5th edition has been said to work with XP, so I would try that first.
it did not on mine
I will look at the box and see if that OS is mentioned and get back with you
Don't know if it works on windows 7, I have a Mac.
No clue
Yes, there is one (1) product key included.
Yes. You will need an OS to start with first so that could upgrade.
No. An "upgrade" version requires a previous version to be existing (or at least have the installation disk(s) for the previous version). That said, XP is no longer supported and is vunerable to security attacks. MS is providing no further updates (as of April 2014). But if ou must have XP, then look for the "Full" version.
I did upgraded from 95 or ME to XP home.
yes
In my experience, you need only have an OEM Microsoft install disc to validate using the upgrade. It will ask you to insert it during install, and after checking the OEM, it will resume XP installation.
It depends on the game. Hit Google for help.
In short, No. It won't allow you to install it over a newer operating system, and since this is an upgrade disk, you can't do a clean install or even a dual boot install with this disk (unless you have a full version disk for an older operating system).
Yes. A Microsoft spokesperson stated that "Windows XP can still be installed and activated after end of support on April 8[, 2014]".
As far as I know, yes. Support refers mainly to things like Windows Security Essentials, various updates, and framework stuff. As I understand it (switched before the change), Windows XP still technically works, but because all the windows support software is gone, there's alot of backdoors and cracks in security. It might work, but right now is a pretty scary time to buy.
First to clarify the question. Ubuntu is a sort of Linux. Here is some details: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Linux_distributions To add windows to it, here is the knowhow: https://help.ubuntu.com/community/WindowsDualBoot
It should. I can't think of any reason why it wouldn't.
Yes
this one is very missleading it is nothing more than an upgrade from windows 98 t xp if you allready have an xp this will not work if you have a computer with win 98 then you be fine but all by it self ya got nothin sadly im gladi didnt spend great deal of money on it
it does come with a product key and I believe up to 3 or 4 people can use it. Ive been a mac person now for the last 3 years so i cant answer the other question.
I own an HP witch ran Windows ME and the update worked.
I don't know if it will work my thought is call staples or best buy and ask them what I know is you should have xp orginal before you upgrade hope this helps
XP will only support one computer now in 2014,and it used to support three computers until I think it became expensive to police those computer with regards to hackers and probably three times the amount of updates. You need a home network or homegroup, you still can't run online at anytime. The support is ending in XP(they always seem to reissue or keep up somehow) and all future Windows is yes buy three disks or a volume license.
Yes
Yes, you can. Simply put, yes. I used to have an XP. It does work on it. 7 is old, It will even work on windows 2000. Which I also, had where it worked. So yes, go right ahead and upgrade to 7.
Hi! It means there is a more recent edition available, but this one is still fully functional. This one is the 7.0 upgrade which was first available in 2002. The platforms it called for when originally produced were Windows NT / 98 / 2000 / Me / XP / 95. I believe it's the last one they made before it became the CD versions. I don't know a lot more about it than that unfortunately. The copy I am offering is brand new - still shrinkwrapped. I hope this answers your questions.
It probably will NOT work with your 64 bit system..Do yourself a BIG favor and subscribe to Adobe Photoshop CC for Photographers for like $10/moneh..You cant beat it..It's the BEST bargain available..Find it to download on adobe.com. Eddie
Yes, it searches your system plus it asks for serial number of earlier version.
No - Windows 8 takes you out of contents, ( you loose direction in trying to perform a simple task ) - that was so easy - when working with Windows 7.
I also used CreateaCard for many years and haven't found a way to use it with "7." I am now using Printmaster Platinum 18. It's really close to CreateaCard except the graphics aren't quite as good, (just my opinion). The best part of Printmaster is that you don't have to learn a new program. Good Luck!
I have Windows 8 and it runs for me. I am not able to get card designs from the web on Windows 8. I should try it on my laptop which is a Vista program.
I don't think it will work, Windows 7 isn't listed. Also, it has very varied reviews.
Hello, I did a little rearch and it looks like you would need windows 2007 professional-here is the info: You can if you do a couple things first. Windows 7, Professional has a built in XP compatibility mode but... you can run this older software if you do a couple things: 1.) Go to THIS SITE (Microsoft) and download the Application Compatibility item to match your computer. 2.) Once you have installed Windows XP Mode, click the Windows 7 Start button Windows 7 Start button, then select All Programs &gt; Windows Virtual PC &gt; Windows XP Mode to begin setup. For information on how to set up Windows Virtual PC and Windows XP Mode, check out "Running Windows XP Mode with Windows Virtual PC" 3.) Go to THIS SITE (Microsoft) to view help documents on how to run software in compatibility mode. Once you do this, you should have no problems running your Greeting Card software. Sources: Microsoft.com Regards, Dianne - Pharm-assistance General Mercantile
I have a ? I don't know how to do the test for double sided cards.
I also used CreateaCard for many years and haven't found a way to use it with "7." I am now using Printmaster Platinum 18. It's really close to CreateaCard except the graphics aren't quite as good, (just my opinion). The best part of Printmaster is that you don't have to learn a new program. Good Luck!
I have Windows 8 and it runs for me. I am not able to get card designs from the web on Windows 8. I should try it on my laptop which is a Vista program.
I don't think it will work, Windows 7 isn't listed. Also, it has very varied reviews.
Hello, I did a little rearch and it looks like you would need windows 2007 professional-here is the info: You can if you do a couple things first. Windows 7, Professional has a built in XP compatibility mode but... you can run this older software if you do a couple things: 1.) Go to THIS SITE (Microsoft) and download the Application Compatibility item to match your computer. 2.) Once you have installed Windows XP Mode, click the Windows 7 Start button Windows 7 Start button, then select All Programs &gt; Windows Virtual PC &gt; Windows XP Mode to begin setup. For information on how to set up Windows Virtual PC and Windows XP Mode, check out "Running Windows XP Mode with Windows Virtual PC" 3.) Go to THIS SITE (Microsoft) to view help documents on how to run software in compatibility mode. Once you do this, you should have no problems running your Greeting Card software. Sources: Microsoft.com Regards, Dianne - Pharm-assistance General Mercantile
I have a ? I don't know how to do the test for double sided cards.
Yes. I use it on Windows 7. If it gives you problems, make sure that in the programs properties you check the box that makes it run compatible with Windows XP. I've used this program for years and love everything about it.
No it isn't. Very unhappy for spending the money.
Hello, this is Adrienne, First I've got to say you are sooo lucky that you have this program Microsoft Picture It! 7.0 [Old Version]. I have looked far and wide to purchase it and have had no luck finding even one. To answer your question "Will it work on a Mac?" I believe it will if your Mac has Window's, and if that Window's is Window's 7, or older. I'm not real famillar with Mac, but I do know this version will work, as I said, on Window's 7 or older. I'd love to know where you found this product if you are able to respond to me. Good Luck, It is truly a great program, you can create extraordinary work with ease. Adrienne Gould
I know it works with the Windows 7 professional version. I read elsewhere that it doesn't work with the home version. I'm not sure if there is a way to run it in comparability mode? You may have to consult a 'tech' person to find out.
Yes, I have done that...Just open the program and put the dvd in the D drive, then click on open. Put in the right drive to look for it and the picture log will come up. Click on the picture and after viewing you can probably save on your hard drive if desired. Hope that works for you. !
No, I just inserted the disk and installed in the area I wanted it. Did not have to go into the internet.
yes it can. I use it on a laptop with Windows 8.1. I run it in compatibility mode with windows XP.
Picture It! 7.0 does have a touch-up feature that lets you remove scratches, remove dust and restore old pictures. I haven't used that function but it apparently blends the color from the surrounding areas to cover up the scratches.
yes there is there is a revese option fo rwords
I don't know that much about computers. I have Windows 7 and it works just fine!
Yes, it works fine as it's simpler then MS Word 10..
To take advantage of the program upgrades on win 8.1 you might need the newer version of Microsoft works. If you have the program, you can try to install it on windows 8.1, if the program is not supported the system will tell you.
Yes and no, I would cut and paste but it may appear different, [fonts etc..] If you open it in works, it will be in code. Just highlite the text in word, paste it to works.
Believe it or not, I am still usning 4.5. 7 doesn't have the option of saving workspace. AS for templates, http://www.textndata.com/forums/works-7-0-mailing-labels-34252.html try this link.
I have not tried it on 8.1 but it did work on Win 8 so it seems likely that it would. John
I used it with XP, so vista should work. I didn't like it because 1 feature was left off. Tools\options\view\save workspace [was left out of this version]
Yes it does! I have now upgraded to windows 8 and it works with that also!
I believe you can yes. The newer versions wont it seems however. Google here for more info on the program. https://www.google.com/search?q=photoshop+elements+2.0+psd&oq=photoshop+elements+2.0+psd&aqs=chrome..69i57.10296j0j7&sourceid=chrome&es_sm=122&ie=UTF-8
XP died? Funny. It's still alive on one of my machines. It's no longer being supported, but that is not the same as being dead. Photoshop Elements 2.0 had not been supported by Adobe for over a year now, but it is not dead either. In fact, I am using it on my Windows 7 machine. It looks for but doesn't find the mother machine for updates, but it also is still working. I have not tried to install it on a Unix machine (I also have one with Ubuntu interface), but now that you mention it, I probably ought to try it and see what happens.
I'm not familiar with that format, but if your pictures are in .jpg format, there is no problem
I'm sorry, Lesley, I don't know from personal experience, as I have a PC, but on the listing it says platforms are Windows 98 / 2000, Mac OS X. I hope this helps.
No
It is possible it will work. I had it installed on my older computer that was 64bit Win 7 But to be honest it has been so long I do not remember if I had to do anything to make it work. Win 7 is very forgiving unlike that monster Vista. Worst case it wont work but if it doesn't download the FREE Gimp program which will do anything you could want with photos.
I don't know. Contact Adobe
It wants to download something from the internet, but can't. Seems to be some sort of file/information "ping". Mine does it too. However, I'm still able to use the application. I have the impression that Adobe is no longer committing resources to gathering data on this old software's use.
I have installed it on Windows 8 and it works perfectly and flawlessly. Personally, Windows 8 is pretty alright, but I really miss the start menu and there is one hell of a learning curve.
I believe it will - says Windows/Mac in description. :)
Yes... Currently running it right now on Windows 8. I believe we are running it in XP compatibility mode. I should note that I am using a Windows 7 emulator on that computer as I have found Windows 8 not conducive to being productive. The emulator just gives me back my start menu and multiple windows on screen, but it's still Windows 8.
No
I just bought and installed this program. You have to install the Intel Indeo codec installer from Install\indeocodec after you install the program itself or the program won't launch. I was able to run the program no problem after doing this. I found the answer to the problem here: http://www.fixya.com/support/t10514728-pc_game_liberty_kids_played_windows. I think my son will enjoy his history lessons now :) !
This depends on your particular model of Macintosh. If your Mac originally came with a version of 10.3 or higher, you will not be able to install 10.2. If the Mac originally shipped with 10.2 or lower, then yes, you can erase the OS and install 10.2. As for OS 9, I believe only the PowerPC Mac, not Intel Macs, can install those.
Yes These are the system requirements Supported Computers: PowerMac G3, G4, early PowerMac G5, iMac, eMac, PowerBook G3 or G4, or iBook computer Amount of RAM Required: 128 megabytes (MB), although 256 MB to 512 MB is highly recommended Processor Type: PowerPC G3, G4 or G5 running at 233 MHz or higher.
Are u serious?
Cristina, I haven't tried this. If you're near a medical library (larger hospital or medical school), one of the librarians may be able to help you. They may have tried this or read about it. And another thought, write to the company. Let me know what you find out. Charles
NO, that was not my experience - just simply load the CD and go.
You can install it in one or more devices as long as you purchased software license for it.
yes
Cristina, I haven't tried this. If you're near a medical library (larger hospital or medical school), one of the librarians may be able to help you. They may have tried this or read about it. And another thought, write to the company. Let me know what you find out. Charles
NO, that was not my experience - just simply load the CD and go.
You can install it in one or more devices as long as you purchased software license for it.
yes
It only works on my XP. Will not work on my Windows Vista. I had to send the one I bought from Amazon. I like it more than any I have and it is too bad the do not have an up to date version.
It should as mine is windows 8
I have never worked on Windows 8. I have not found a program that works as well as American Greetings
Probably not. Wouldn't work on HP7, but I used it on Windows VISTA. Very good program
It only works on my XP. Will not work on my Windows Vista. I had to send the one I bought from Amazon. I like it more than any I have and it is too bad the do not have an up to date version.
It should as mine is windows 8
I have never worked on Windows 8. I have not found a program that works as well as American Greetings
Probably not. Wouldn't work on HP7, but I used it on Windows VISTA. Very good program
Yes it is compatible. I have it installed on my windows 7.
The unfortunate answer is 'it depends on a few things' so the ultimate answer is 'no, not reliably and readily compatible with Windows 8'.
No the one I bought was not compatible.
Yes it is compatible. I have it installed on my windows 7.
The unfortunate answer is 'it depends on a few things' so the ultimate answer is 'no, not reliably and readily compatible with Windows 8'.
No the one I bought was not compatible.
Yes it will work with Windows 7 Pro, but you must not install it via the autorun, execute the setup.exe manually. I'm not sure about freelance Graphics, have a look at the product DOC.
Lotus Smartsuite requires a windows operating system, probably Windows XP at least. If your using a chrome book that may be the problem. Chrome books have the google operating system not windows.
All seem to work without incident.
Offhand (I don't use Windows 8.x) I don't see why it shouldn't work, albeit w/some limitations. I use it in Win7 without any problems in normal use, but it notifies you during installation of certain limitations with some database features (crosstabs, I think). I have encountered some problems with cutting and pasting text from certain webpages, which I then turn to Open Office instead. Overall, however, word processing and spreadsheet work is all I need and 95% of the time it is ideal.
no license key. Came in sealed box. Just installed in DVD slot and followed instructions on screen as the program loaded.
I don't use this program anymore but I do remember it having 123 - something that I used with Lotus.
I upgraded to 9.8.2. I did not notice any major differences. I have been using smart suite for over 15 years. I find Word Pro is much more user friend than MS Word. I would like IBM to update it so It would match up the new material in MS Word. they don't seem tp respond to my requests.
Works just fine with Windows 8 and Windows 8.1, both 32 and 64 bit versions of the operating system.
As far as I can tell, all components will install on Windows 7, but since I only use Word Pro, 123 and Approach, I can not tell you which other components work properly in Windows 7. I know there will be some limitations in Approach, which already had some issues in XP. For my purposes, however, Approach is fine. Word Pro and 123 work great and don't seem to have any limitations. Unless someone else knows better, I wouldn't use the Fastsite or Smart Center components, they're already so dated.
I'm sorry but I have my Copy of SmartSuite installed on a Windows 7 PC not a Mac and I really don't know what a Bootcamp partition is.
I don't know if it will work with your OS but it does work with Windows 8.1
Picture It is a great program. I enjoyed using it with my XP computer and miss it now that I have Windows 8.1. Everything is on the disc. Enjoy!
unfortunately not....I: enjoyed using Picture It on Windows XP and miss it. A compatible program is Print Artist, but it doesn't have the features that Picture It has for making your own greeting cards so easily.
Not sure - I ahve windows 7
By scanning them in? You can always crop them, no matter how they are imported to the computer.
Yes , It is compatible with Windows 7 , maybe others have a security setting that needs to change. I had no problem.
No, and it is not compatible with Windows 7 either. It is compatible with Windows XP, but nothing that was after that. It was a great program. I loved it, but I can't get it to work anymore.
Mary Wilson, Can you please give me some context?? I have had no problem installing CreataCard Platium version 8. To my knowledge, that is the only version you can install in Windows. If you understand the technology, I believe Platinum 8 is 32 bit software. Previous versions are all 16 bit. Windows 7 will NOT run 16 bit software, but will run 32 bit.
Unfortunately this is not compatible with Windows 7
I certainly enjoy Creatacard. Use it frequently
go to this page and read the comments by Canadian Tech. The short answer is absolutely. No problem at all. My wife has been using this product on a windows 7 64 bit machine for 2 years now.
I am very disappointed with this program. I got an Apple computer, and there is no MAC friendly version. So, I went to the trouble and expense to have Windows put on my Apple, and now the Creat-a-Card program will not work. Good luck with your problem.
No idea! I do not do Windows 8. I advise my clients not to buy Windows 8 for a computer. It is a human interface designed to be used with fingers not mice. Microsoft in their infinite wisdom decided to force people who use computers to use this and it is just not usable. I advise my clients to only buy Windows 7. Windows 7 is a vastly superior operating system for computers. If you can get your hands on a DVD with Windows 7 on it, you may be able to re-build your new PC to use Windows 7. Your licence for Windows 8 provides permission for you to do this. I recommend you look into this.
Yes. I installed it on 64 bit. If I remember correctly there was something special I had to do like "run as administrator", but yes it worked.
No, and it is not compatible with Windows 7 either. It is compatible with Windows XP, but nothing that was after that. It was a great program. I loved it, but I can't get it to work anymore.
Mary Wilson, Can you please give me some context?? I have had no problem installing CreataCard Platium version 8. To my knowledge, that is the only version you can install in Windows. If you understand the technology, I believe Platinum 8 is 32 bit software. Previous versions are all 16 bit. Windows 7 will NOT run 16 bit software, but will run 32 bit.
Unfortunately this is not compatible with Windows 7
I certainly enjoy Creatacard. Use it frequently
go to this page and read the comments by Canadian Tech. The short answer is absolutely. No problem at all. My wife has been using this product on a windows 7 64 bit machine for 2 years now.
I am very disappointed with this program. I got an Apple computer, and there is no MAC friendly version. So, I went to the trouble and expense to have Windows put on my Apple, and now the Creat-a-Card program will not work. Good luck with your problem.
No idea! I do not do Windows 8. I advise my clients not to buy Windows 8 for a computer. It is a human interface designed to be used with fingers not mice. Microsoft in their infinite wisdom decided to force people who use computers to use this and it is just not usable. I advise my clients to only buy Windows 7. Windows 7 is a vastly superior operating system for computers. If you can get your hands on a DVD with Windows 7 on it, you may be able to re-build your new PC to use Windows 7. Your licence for Windows 8 provides permission for you to do this. I recommend you look into this.
Yes. I installed it on 64 bit. If I remember correctly there was something special I had to do like "run as administrator", but yes it worked.
I asked the person who told me that Print Shop 20, Old Version, would work with Windows 7 if she thought it might work with Windows 8, and her answer was probably. She recommended buying it used, and to check on facebook to see if anyone there has had any luck. I know this answer isn't much help. I depend on advice from the Family "Techie" for anything computer related. Good Luck.
I haven't used the new version yet for these items, but the old version worked beautifully with all of them. So I would assume this versionwould add well.
Yes
I don't know about Windows 8, but it works well on Windows 7 and most that work on 7 will work on 8.
Do not waste your money. Everything they produced after 3 is junk and not user friendly at all. The problem is that 3 will only operate on old windows. I am stuck running two computers so I can use Creatacard 3. Does anyone know of a new program that builds on 3? Dean
sure will
Do you know that Creatacard Gold 3 will not operate on windows higher than XP. It is a wonderful program and I use it almost every day, however, I also have to run two computers. One for cards, envelopes, and address book etc. and a newer computer for everything else. I also have Creatacard 8 but it is worthless. Dean xp
I have an AppleMacBook Pro so I had trouble finding a program like American Greeting Createa Card. I had used AGCC with my HP and loved it. The closest I could recommend is Print Shop by Borderbund. Good luck.
Do not waste your money. Everything they produced after 3 is junk and not user friendly at all. The problem is that 3 will only operate on old windows. I am stuck running two computers so I can use Creatacard 3. Does anyone know of a new program that builds on 3? Dean
sure will
Do you know that Creatacard Gold 3 will not operate on windows higher than XP. It is a wonderful program and I use it almost every day, however, I also have to run two computers. One for cards, envelopes, and address book etc. and a newer computer for everything else. I also have Creatacard 8 but it is worthless. Dean xp
I have an AppleMacBook Pro so I had trouble finding a program like American Greeting Createa Card. I had used AGCC with my HP and loved it. The closest I could recommend is Print Shop by Borderbund. Good luck.
You do not need internet access, but unless they have come out with a new version it does not work on Windows 7 or above. For Windows 7 we have purchased a very reasonably priced software called "Simply Checking" found at http://www.simplychecking.com/. It does not require internet access.
I do not believe so it works for Windows XP home and professional but I do not believe it works on my computer at home. I will check if it that is Window 7.
It works like a dream
Yes, I always did manual reconciliations from my printed bank statements and it worked very well. I no longer use the program since it would not migrate from Windows XP to Windows 7.
It does not work with windows 8.1
You do not need internet access, but unless they have come out with a new version it does not work on Windows 7 or above. For Windows 7 we have purchased a very reasonably priced software called "Simply Checking" found at http://www.simplychecking.com/. It does not require internet access.
I do not believe so it works for Windows XP home and professional but I do not believe it works on my computer at home. I will check if it that is Window 7.
It works like a dream
Yes, I always did manual reconciliations from my printed bank statements and it worked very well. I no longer use the program since it would not migrate from Windows XP to Windows 7.
It does not work with windows 8.1
it is the rolled up paper with the ribbon around it laying on the desk
I think it depends on which operating system you are using. We have the old versions and they still work on our recient up grade to Vista but there are some glitchs showing up that were never there when we were running Windows 98.
it is the rolled up paper with the ribbon around it laying on the desk
I think it depends on which operating system you are using. We have the old versions and they still work on our recient up grade to Vista but there are some glitchs showing up that were never there when we were running Windows 98.
it is the rolled up paper with the ribbon around it laying on the desk
I think it depends on which operating system you are using. We have the old versions and they still work on our recient up grade to Vista but there are some glitchs showing up that were never there when we were running Windows 98.
yes
They are both the same, student version is discounted for Students
It can only be used on a Windows desktop or laptop computer but you can put it on more than one computer.
I have Windows 8 and it works just fine
yes
They are both the same, student version is discounted for Students
It can only be used on a Windows desktop or laptop computer but you can put it on more than one computer.
I have Windows 8 and it works just fine
yes
I didn't try it myself but I think that it's possible
This is 1 user.
I got this for my PC through Amazon and the package says "Mac compatible". You need Mac OS X 10.6 and later.
No, not for sale. Sorry.
Stand alone I would think
Yes I have it on 8 (Not tested on 8.1) Drag/drop from desktop to folders doesn't work, but copy and paste to folder does. Windows 8 protection thing.
Didn't have disc to do so using Expression Web which is not too user friendly
No, not for sale. Sorry.
Stand alone I would think
Yes I have it on 8 (Not tested on 8.1) Drag/drop from desktop to folders doesn't work, but copy and paste to folder does. Windows 8 protection thing.
Didn't have disc to do so using Expression Web which is not too user friendly
Yes, you need XP on the machine. XP is the OS (operating system) and think of Office as the software that runs on top of the OS.
It will run on windows 8.1
I was able to install it on two computers but had to jump through some Microsoft hoops to do so.
Yes it is on a CD. Don't know if it can be put over the other version. I did put it over 2010 student version.
Microsoft has a one license per machine. You may have to call Microsoft to reinstall after a disk crash. You would be better advised to make an Image backup using Acronis or Macrium Reflect.
Sorry, I don't use it any longer, but I do know Office 2010 is version 14 and I believe Office XP (2002) was version 10, so I would venture to say, yes it is version 11.
I did the installation with Windows 7 Professional and had no problems. According to Microsoft it should also load with Windows 8.
No you cannot, the installation requires the product key to be entered if you try to install on a second PC it will fail to activate.
http://social.technet.microsoft.com/Forums/en-US/w7itproappcompat/thread/18749f74-e84a-44bb-9b98-1d5c938c8e41
Go for 2010. Office 2003 is severely dated in several areas, even when it was introduced.
Be sure that yo are not inadvertently inserting new sections that have different style attributes. Activate the show-and-hide button on the main tool bar. Also, switch off ALL of the 'auto format' options. Otherwise, the page margins should stay at their initial setting for the document.
Yes. I have Microsoft Office Basic Edition 2003 and it came as a disk.
I got a full version of office ..
Not unless the license/registration permits it. Occasionally, different territories have different licensing arrangements, as applied to certain variations of Office 2000.
It should be. But you may have to run it in Windows XP compatibility mode, which you will be prompted to accept to be run with administrator privileges, which is a potential security risk
Be sure that yo are not inadvertently inserting new sections that have different style attributes. Activate the show-and-hide button on the main tool bar. Also, switch off ALL of the 'auto format' options. Otherwise, the page margins should stay at their initial setting for the document.
Yes. I have Microsoft Office Basic Edition 2003 and it came as a disk.
I got a full version of office ..
Not unless the license/registration permits it. Occasionally, different territories have different licensing arrangements, as applied to certain variations of Office 2000.
It should be. But you may have to run it in Windows XP compatibility mode, which you will be prompted to accept to be run with administrator privileges, which is a potential security risk
It is not the best but okay.
Yes
I use the higher grade of printer paper due to the fact that it prints colors better. Many people also print bi-fold cards but I have found that quarter fold works very well and is cheaper to mail.
It is not the best but okay.
Yes
I use the higher grade of printer paper due to the fact that it prints colors better. Many people also print bi-fold cards but I have found that quarter fold works very well and is cheaper to mail.
Yes, I am on 10.6.8
Yes it does.
Depends on the adobe version, the one I bought and returned would not work on our newer machines
I run this on MAC OS X 10.5.6 LEOPARD if that helps to know???
This is a question for Apple Support they will know the answer. Don't trust any other source.
Yes, it does contain the repair disc utilities. But depending on what your problem is this my or may not be a solution.
It worked for my slot loading G3. I don't see why it wouldn't work for you. Just make sure your system meets the requirements of 10.3.
It should.
Apple support would be a better source of information about what systems will work on which machine This is not the current operating system for most apple computers Check apple support about upgrading
It was for a Apple iBook G4 laptop and it didn't work
I see nobody has answered you in the past five years, but yes Office 97 works just fine on Windows XP. I used to have that setup myself.
It is full. I bought it but I already had 2007 in my machine and it screwed my computer. Be sure to uninstall if you have any others in your machine Good luck
Yes it does. However MS Access has been updated numerous times since, and the '97 version has pretty small size limitations for files. If you want reliable, I would buy something newer.
Can be done, but be aware it freezes the UAC slider. There is however a fix out there for this which needs running each time you install or uninstall any part of Office 97 and I would recommend downloading it before installing your software for Office 97. As of now, no compatibility issues. Click on Start Goto Run - Type msconfig (click Ok) In General tab - tick - Selective startup Untick - Load startup items Click - OK Restart Computer Install software. Go back to msconfig Tick - Normal startup Click OK Restart Computer Run UAC Fix. All done. Worked for me, hope it works for you.
Yes it does. CD key is on back of jewel case product came in.
No
I don't have personal experience, but the web says that 3D Home Architect Deluxe ver 4 & 5 will work with Windows 8. Also, 3D Home Architect Kitchens & Baths ver 1 will work.
Sorry - I'm a Windows user and don't know about its availability on Macs. But it's a great program for those who like to fool around with home design. I started using earlier versions in the mid-90s and have enjoyed the enhancements that each new version brings.
Can you put them in a folder and move the entire folder?
No
I don't have personal experience, but the web says that 3D Home Architect Deluxe ver 4 & 5 will work with Windows 8. Also, 3D Home Architect Kitchens & Baths ver 1 will work.
Sorry - I'm a Windows user and don't know about its availability on Macs. But it's a great program for those who like to fool around with home design. I started using earlier versions in the mid-90s and have enjoyed the enhancements that each new version brings.
Can you put them in a folder and move the entire folder?
T. Chu - This is the PPC version, but if you buy today (Black Friday, November 23rd 2007), you can get a FREE upgrade to the Universal version (Office 2008 for Mac Special Media Edition, which also includes Microsoft Expression Media digital asset management) PLUS a $100 rebate. Just click on the box of Student and Teacher over on the right hand side of this page to find out more.
Hi WK Lorber, I too have the same as you and am a convert to Mac, I have MS Office 2004 for Mac, where did this post get you please and how did you go forward... nearly a year ago? Cheers Bob sortemout@btinternet.com
Hey, I realize this is kind of a late response, but I think the issue you're having is that Office doesn't actually come with the spell/grammar checking support for a lot of the languages it "supports." With the version of office 2003 I use, only english gets grammar, and only english, spanish, french, and i imagine a couple others get spell checking. Otherwise, it's really just there for the sake of being there. I think you can buy an add-on to check it for you, but I don't know how well it works. Also, at least for email or web posts, mozilla has a free catalan dictionary that will check spelling inside their firfox browser or thunderbird email client (all are free). Good luck w/ the catal :) - Gordon
Yes it works on my windows 7 computer.
i'll quote the section of the license which i believe is applicable. "you may use the clipart and all other content only to create publications, presentations, pages for the worldwide web and intranet and products collectively." the word products pertains to your question, i believe. i like the product. it has a trenendous amount of content, a small bit of which may have to be converted depending on your current operating system such as win or mac and the particular release. i use an old-timer "hijaak 5.0", never has let me down. bob m.
Yes, it does. And it is much less expensive than the annual website renewals for graphics. The only two downsides are the cataloging of the pictures--I have ended up going through an entire section looking for the right graphic--and some of the photos of people are a little dated (clothing styles and hairdos). Otherwise, an outstanding bundle for the money!
No
No it doesn't you would have to search for one that is mac compatible
I don't. My item is the earlier 34-Disc 2004 version and weighs just under 7 lbs. making it cost prohibitive to ship. Thank you for your interest.
Sorry, I don't know. It is o.k. with widows 8.1.
I use mine on a Mac. You just need the book so you can see what everything is. You can't use a lot of the fonts on the mac but there really isn't anything that great anyway. I've never had a problem with using the images though.
Yes, but the images do not display as thumbnails. Use the free Irfanview program for viewing thumbnails of these and other graphics files no longer supported as thumbnails by the new Windows operating systems.
I'm sorry. I can't help you. I bought it years ago and it wasn't what I was looking for so I returned it.
Yes it works on my windows 7 computer.
i'll quote the section of the license which i believe is applicable. "you may use the clipart and all other content only to create publications, presentations, pages for the worldwide web and intranet and products collectively." the word products pertains to your question, i believe. i like the product. it has a trenendous amount of content, a small bit of which may have to be converted depending on your current operating system such as win or mac and the particular release. i use an old-timer "hijaak 5.0", never has let me down. bob m.
Yes, it does. And it is much less expensive than the annual website renewals for graphics. The only two downsides are the cataloging of the pictures--I have ended up going through an entire section looking for the right graphic--and some of the photos of people are a little dated (clothing styles and hairdos). Otherwise, an outstanding bundle for the money!
No
No it doesn't you would have to search for one that is mac compatible
I don't. My item is the earlier 34-Disc 2004 version and weighs just under 7 lbs. making it cost prohibitive to ship. Thank you for your interest.
Sorry, I don't know. It is o.k. with widows 8.1.
I use mine on a Mac. You just need the book so you can see what everything is. You can't use a lot of the fonts on the mac but there really isn't anything that great anyway. I've never had a problem with using the images though.
Yes, but the images do not display as thumbnails. Use the free Irfanview program for viewing thumbnails of these and other graphics files no longer supported as thumbnails by the new Windows operating systems.
I'm sorry. I can't help you. I bought it years ago and it wasn't what I was looking for so I returned it.
Haven't tried it but I don't think so.
I have been using it off and on for 17 months and counting, sometimes 5 hours a day, with no problems whatsoever! In that time I have moved houses. This is a really durable projector!
Personally I rarely use it for text because the resolution is low. For instance when it shows my desktop, I can barely read the file names. For a Powerpoint presentation this may not be an issue as long as the font size is large enough. However I bought this over a year ago and it is still working, so these are very well-built and long-lasting!
This projector works just fine for me and is bright enough. For a golf simulator, I am not sure it would be as bright as I might like as a golfer but I found the InFocus is plenty bright enough for presentations, etc.
No. Get a converter. $14 @ amazon.
It can mirror your computer monitor so as far as I know yes. If power point is on your screen then it will be projected if it is connected to this projector.
you can use the VGA input or the M1 to component cable adapter or M1 to HDMI http://www.infocus.com/accessories/SP-HDMI-ADPT-R - its not a DVI its an M1 connector.
Yes, I use the projector with my powerpoint presentations that are on my computer.
The full terms for the Windows XP Professional software can be found here: http://www.microsoft.com/about/legal/useterms/default.aspx The short answer to your question is: The copy of Windows XP Professional you own is only licensed for installation on one device at any given time.
Hello yes this is a full version, keep in mind that XP end of service is April 2014. This means that Microsoft will not be making any updates for it, or giving customer support for XP. You will still be able to use it as a base system, to use a upgrade version of windows 7 and 8. Hope this was helpful to you.
This is 32 bit, if it were the 64 bit version that would be indicated (possibly as "X64")
Albert, don't downgrade windows 8 on your windows xp version. Window xp will be stopped in circulation soon. So if I were you, I would upgrade your windows operating system to windows 8.1 version, which is the latest windows operating system now. from Mario L.
Yeah, like anybody would want to mess around with Vista. LOL Have fun with your XP (and yeah, like you said, it does come on one disk).
If you are building a sytem from scratch get the OEM version it is cheaper.
I bought a new PC recently - my old motherboard finally gave up and died. I installed my copy of XP on it and it activated with no problemo. I do not think that it really prevents you from installing on other PCs but I do not know if the limit to installs is based on timeframe e.g. twice a year, or your computer hardware ids. XP can't be too restrictive otherwise ppl would not be able to upgrade hardware and their customer base would be more 'annoyed' than usual. Check out this link - NellyE says the limit is once every 4 months http://uk.answers.yahoo.com/question/index?qid=20090910100643AAVFf6q
32 bit.. I haven't used the 64 bit version.
This is the full version, so you don't need a previous version already on the hard drive.
Don't try having both OSs at once. My suggestion is to decant all your apps and files to an external "save drive, and install XP. If it looks like the Windows 8 is still there, you didn't do it right and you (or somebody who know how to "kill" Windows 8) will have to do it again. That said, yes. XP with SP2 is a going proposition. Microsoft is many patches "ahead" of plain-vanilla SP2, so caution...
Thanks for your help. I think I will stick with XP. I have found Vist media center a nightmare.
Yes
Look on your computer to determine if "it" is 32 or 64. Research of Windows XP states requirements for installation, and it recommends PC with 300 MHz processor 233 MHz minimum. 128 MB of RAM or higher recommended (64 MB min. support, etc.........requirements vary based on your particular pc and what is installed. I replaced my XP software because of what I was using it for. It is not for internet or browsing, but used in my sewing room for my embroidery machine software. It is older and wasn't compatible with the newer Windows products. To upgrade my particular sewing software was going to cost upwards of $1,000.00 + so I chose to try and find XP. This was the suggestion of a Computer Tech, and was happy to be able to find the package. Microsoft upgrades but they don't think about people that have other uses for their computers other than internet, surfing, etc Hope this helps, but if you aren't knowledgeable about this stuff like me, seek help from the professionals that is what I did.
Sure! I don't see why not
You can install directly from the CD. To install an upgrade Window must detect a existing installation. You new hard drive, I'm guessing, doesn't have an existing installation. So an upgrade won't work.
OEM stands for "original equipment manufacturer." This kind WILL NOT WORK with Parallels for Mac. I made this mistake: bought parallels, didn't do my homework, bought an OEM version of XP on ebay, and now I'm out the $80 I paid for it. I'm back on here right now trying to make sure I get a FULL - NON OEM version I can actually use for parallels mac. On the other hand, if you're just running a PC and you just need an Operating System (OS) my understanding is that an OEM version of Windows will work just fine. I'm certain an OEM version will be perfect for those building their own systems.
Yes it will!
No. You can get the upgrades from Micro$oft when you register your product, but the Home version is limited. Read the info carefully before you buy it, because Amazon doesn't accept returns (at least it wouldn't accept mine). As with everything, know what you are ordering.
It did not include other Microsoft products that I had to buy separately, and it was not returnable, despite of Amazon's assurances. Be very, very careful if you choose this item.
you should use xp. xp is the best option because it is tried-and-true. also, this is the best option, because parallels (the other option) cost zillions, and don't work as well. just remember to get good antivirus software (even free ones are ok), because now you are using windows :P
This is the program components to restore XP to your computer after a crash or to update it if you do not have service pack 2. Microsoft is not going to any version of XP so no upgrade is going to help. It will keep working, but no updates will be available for XP.
Hi, No, you need to play it on a pc or laptop or tablet with a Windows or Macintosh operating system. Thanks for asking.
yes it will but not mac computers and I cant use the one I bought .
No, this does not work on iPad. It is a CD-ROM. You may be able to find similar/comparable apps on the App Store. Some Phonics/reading apps we like are Montessori Crosswords, Super Why and Meme tales. They are all under $5 and align with preschool/ kindergarten common core language arts standards.
I couldnt get it to run on my windows 7...kept freezing and locking up the computer. Don't know if I had a defective disc or what but I ended up sending mine back.
I can't get Reader Rabbit to run on my windows computers XP or later. I don't know what OSX is. I am disappointed because my children loved reader rabbit and my grandson did too.
No. It doesn't even work on newer Windows 7 or 8. Don't buy this crap.
No
It might
It is a CD
No... it's a great product, but it doesn't run on Windows 7 or 8. You'll need an older Windows XP to run it. I wish the publisher would revamp it for the newer OS.
I haven't used it much, but it downloaded, opened, etc. w/ Windows 8.
not sure, I haven't done that, but I will try Monday and let you know.
I don't know because I use it on computers with XP and Vista. However, it works great. Easy to load and nothing to register online.
Yes it does just fine.
I have the same question.
NO IT DOES NOT
Not sure. I would us Open Office anyway. My Database had none of the features I was looking for.
It didnt work for me in the garbage
yes, go to output and choose labels and set them up for the size you want
I never used this software after I purchased it. Sorry.
I have never had a problem installing this Dictionary, as a matter of fact I copied this CD and this is what I work from when I need the pronunciation of a word. This is a very good program and I use it all the time. I have nothing negative.
I'm not sure. Some versions of these talking dictionaries are not compatiable with the latest computer programs. I love mine that I use with my Windows 7. (I've had it for years, even used it with XP.) I tried to use it with Windows 8 and it was incompatiable. This one (which I bought) may or may not be compatiable with your program. I think you could possibly research this version to find out what programs allow it to operate properly.
I was unsuccessful in my attempts to run the program. My research indicated that further efforts would be equally as futile. Additionally I have not been able to locate a talking dictionary anywhere that will work on windows 7.
No, it does not do Anagram searches, but it does everything else, there are times that I need the pronunciation of a word, you can choose any word in the dictionary response, and it will give you the definition. Hope that this helps you.
I don't think it can be down loaded to 7
Yes, the program will alphabetize in "data table" mode, there is an icon on the top toolbar for alphabetizing. Be sure to save document after you alphabetize. I have it alphabetize re: last name.
I uninstalled this program because it just was not worth the aggravation. My Mail List was NOT user friendly at all! I emailed them and asked for support but never received a reply. So, I bought EZ Home & Office Address Book Plus, installed it and have no problems. EZ Home & Office emailed me, thanking me for buying it and told me that they offer lifetime support. I have taken them up on it once the first week and found them extremely helpful. Sorry I can't help you, but would suggest you get rid of My Mail List and get one that works.
I cannot answer your question because I uninstalled My Mail List & Address Book after being unable to get support from Avanquest for any issue. It was a waste of money. I bought another mail list program (EZ Home & Office Address Book Plus) on Amazon and am completely satisfied, not only with the program, but the programmer's personal support.
Even tho My Mail List was designed for Windows 98 and Windows xp, it works great on Windows 7. I was very happy about this because I had used it on our old xp for years.
Yes
I can't tell you. I couldn't get it to function on my Dell with Windows 7. I kept getting a message that it was not completely loaded. I tried loading it several times with the same result. have no clue what is happening. I was going to send it back but that would cost almost as much as it's worth so I just chalked ut up as a learning experience. sorry I couldn't be of more help, John
There is NO support for My MailList. I doubt it will work will with anything new. I went to another program (StatTrak Address Manager) and the export/import of information was good.
No it is not compatible with windows 8. It is a 2001 product and not compatible
Yes.
It works, but I didn't like the program. After using it for many years, it just kept losing features that I liked about it. I ended up switching to another program (EZ home and office) which works better for me.
Yes, the program will alphabetize in "data table" mode, there is an icon on the top toolbar for alphabetizing. Be sure to save document after you alphabetize. I have it alphabetize re: last name.
I uninstalled this program because it just was not worth the aggravation. My Mail List was NOT user friendly at all! I emailed them and asked for support but never received a reply. So, I bought EZ Home & Office Address Book Plus, installed it and have no problems. EZ Home & Office emailed me, thanking me for buying it and told me that they offer lifetime support. I have taken them up on it once the first week and found them extremely helpful. Sorry I can't help you, but would suggest you get rid of My Mail List and get one that works.
I cannot answer your question because I uninstalled My Mail List & Address Book after being unable to get support from Avanquest for any issue. It was a waste of money. I bought another mail list program (EZ Home & Office Address Book Plus) on Amazon and am completely satisfied, not only with the program, but the programmer's personal support.
Even tho My Mail List was designed for Windows 98 and Windows xp, it works great on Windows 7. I was very happy about this because I had used it on our old xp for years.
Yes
I can't tell you. I couldn't get it to function on my Dell with Windows 7. I kept getting a message that it was not completely loaded. I tried loading it several times with the same result. have no clue what is happening. I was going to send it back but that would cost almost as much as it's worth so I just chalked ut up as a learning experience. sorry I couldn't be of more help, John
There is NO support for My MailList. I doubt it will work will with anything new. I went to another program (StatTrak Address Manager) and the export/import of information was good.
No it is not compatible with windows 8. It is a 2001 product and not compatible
Yes.
It works, but I didn't like the program. After using it for many years, it just kept losing features that I liked about it. I ended up switching to another program (EZ home and office) which works better for me.
I Have used it with MS 7 and am now using it with MS 8 I have encountered no problems with it.
Hello Linda, I have downloaded this into my new computer that has windows 8, which I hate, but Works does work with it. My prior computer had Vista in it and Works and I got used to it and liked it better than Word. The prior computer got hit by lightening and well you know the rest even though I had a surge protector. The problem I have now is everything that was done on Works on the prior computer I couldn't open in the new. So I got the Works program installed and had to re-do my docs but they do open and I am pleased with this software. Hope this helps. Have a blessed day!!!!! Deborah
Yes
No. It has a word processing program, but it is not Word, and cannot be easily converted to .doc or .docx.
Hello, this I don't know. I know it works fine with windows 8, with 8.1 I can't answer. I don't have the 8.1. I'm sorry I can't be more help. Have a blessed day! Deborah
yes it does, works well with mine.
I'm sorry. I am running Microsoft Works 8.o on XP. Not familiar with 8.1
Hello Jacqueline, If you are downloading it to start using then yes it will run with Windows 8. That was also a question I had but took my time and researched. The computer I had before it got hit by lightening and fried had this in it and that one had Vista instead of Windows. I liked how it worked and so when I had to replace the damaged computer the new one had Windows 8 in it and I did not like the word processing software that was in it and after transferring my documents to the new computer they wouldn't open which is a different problem entirely but I missed my Microsoft Works. After downloading it I have used it and it works fine. I guess I took the long way home huh? Yes it works fine with Windows 8. I love it. Have a blessed day!!!! Deborah
I Have used it with MS 7 and am now using it with MS 8 I have encountered no problems with it.
Hello Linda, I have downloaded this into my new computer that has windows 8, which I hate, but Works does work with it. My prior computer had Vista in it and Works and I got used to it and liked it better than Word. The prior computer got hit by lightening and well you know the rest even though I had a surge protector. The problem I have now is everything that was done on Works on the prior computer I couldn't open in the new. So I got the Works program installed and had to re-do my docs but they do open and I am pleased with this software. Hope this helps. Have a blessed day!!!!! Deborah
Yes
No. It has a word processing program, but it is not Word, and cannot be easily converted to .doc or .docx.
Hello, this I don't know. I know it works fine with windows 8, with 8.1 I can't answer. I don't have the 8.1. I'm sorry I can't be more help. Have a blessed day! Deborah
yes it does, works well with mine.
I'm sorry. I am running Microsoft Works 8.o on XP. Not familiar with 8.1
Hello Jacqueline, If you are downloading it to start using then yes it will run with Windows 8. That was also a question I had but took my time and researched. The computer I had before it got hit by lightening and fried had this in it and that one had Vista instead of Windows. I liked how it worked and so when I had to replace the damaged computer the new one had Windows 8 in it and I did not like the word processing software that was in it and after transferring my documents to the new computer they wouldn't open which is a different problem entirely but I missed my Microsoft Works. After downloading it I have used it and it works fine. I guess I took the long way home huh? Yes it works fine with Windows 8. I love it. Have a blessed day!!!! Deborah
I Have used it with MS 7 and am now using it with MS 8 I have encountered no problems with it.
Hello Linda, I have downloaded this into my new computer that has windows 8, which I hate, but Works does work with it. My prior computer had Vista in it and Works and I got used to it and liked it better than Word. The prior computer got hit by lightening and well you know the rest even though I had a surge protector. The problem I have now is everything that was done on Works on the prior computer I couldn't open in the new. So I got the Works program installed and had to re-do my docs but they do open and I am pleased with this software. Hope this helps. Have a blessed day!!!!! Deborah
Yes
No. It has a word processing program, but it is not Word, and cannot be easily converted to .doc or .docx.
Hello, this I don't know. I know it works fine with windows 8, with 8.1 I can't answer. I don't have the 8.1. I'm sorry I can't be more help. Have a blessed day! Deborah
yes it does, works well with mine.
I'm sorry. I am running Microsoft Works 8.o on XP. Not familiar with 8.1
Hello Jacqueline, If you are downloading it to start using then yes it will run with Windows 8. That was also a question I had but took my time and researched. The computer I had before it got hit by lightening and fried had this in it and that one had Vista instead of Windows. I liked how it worked and so when I had to replace the damaged computer the new one had Windows 8 in it and I did not like the word processing software that was in it and after transferring my documents to the new computer they wouldn't open which is a different problem entirely but I missed my Microsoft Works. After downloading it I have used it and it works fine. I guess I took the long way home huh? Yes it works fine with Windows 8. I love it. Have a blessed day!!!! Deborah
I Have used it with MS 7 and am now using it with MS 8 I have encountered no problems with it.
Hello Linda, I have downloaded this into my new computer that has windows 8, which I hate, but Works does work with it. My prior computer had Vista in it and Works and I got used to it and liked it better than Word. The prior computer got hit by lightening and well you know the rest even though I had a surge protector. The problem I have now is everything that was done on Works on the prior computer I couldn't open in the new. So I got the Works program installed and had to re-do my docs but they do open and I am pleased with this software. Hope this helps. Have a blessed day!!!!! Deborah
Yes
No. It has a word processing program, but it is not Word, and cannot be easily converted to .doc or .docx.
Hello, this I don't know. I know it works fine with windows 8, with 8.1 I can't answer. I don't have the 8.1. I'm sorry I can't be more help. Have a blessed day! Deborah
yes it does, works well with mine.
I'm sorry. I am running Microsoft Works 8.o on XP. Not familiar with 8.1
Hello Jacqueline, If you are downloading it to start using then yes it will run with Windows 8. That was also a question I had but took my time and researched. The computer I had before it got hit by lightening and fried had this in it and that one had Vista instead of Windows. I liked how it worked and so when I had to replace the damaged computer the new one had Windows 8 in it and I did not like the word processing software that was in it and after transferring my documents to the new computer they wouldn't open which is a different problem entirely but I missed my Microsoft Works. After downloading it I have used it and it works fine. I guess I took the long way home huh? Yes it works fine with Windows 8. I love it. Have a blessed day!!!! Deborah
I'm using it with Windows 8.
It will not work with Windows 8.
I just tried to install it, and it wouldn't install because I have a 64 BIT system.
I use it with windows #7. I don't think the one shown is the same as mine. My disc is by Random House Webster's college Dictionary. Tropics entertainment and powered by Word Genius. There are lots College Webster Dictionary software. Some of them did not work with #7. email Tech support www.topics-ent.com/support. I thought I bought the only copy available. Tom
Yes,it will run on 8.1. See http://www.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/compatibility/CompatCenter/Home?Language=en-US
Yes, it is compatible with Windows 7 as that is what I now use. I love this product!
Yes, I have used mine on vista and 7 and now 8. Happy Christmas from Adelaide, SA. Sheila.
As far as I know the program is no longer being produced. I bought mine online used.
yes (and 8)
Maybe pay for it!
I don't know if Digital Image Pro 9 will work with win7. I have digital Image suite 10, and it was not designed for win7, but I installed it anyway and it works. There are a few features that do not work exactly right, but the things I use the most do work ok. It is a really intuitive program and is so easy to use that I use it instead of the newer photo processing programs that I have.
Since this is a retail disc, then yes, I believe this version should work. For best results, you may be able to find iMac G4 discs on eBay--but, again, these should work fine. And, finally, as an extra tip, if you can, see if you can try Leopard instead. It's more modern and better supported by older apps. And, since you're a 4,2 and not a 6,1 model, you may need to either install 10.5 through FireWire or over clock your G4 speed. On this last part, you'll have to check if your "official" (meaning it should install flawlessly) maximum OS stops at 10.4.11 or not. Hope this helps! Good luck! :-)
PPC only. 10.6 (Snow Leopard) was the first only Intel and 10.5 (Leopard) ran on both Intel and PPC. Some Macs shipped with Tiger, but had slightly different disks that won't work on other models. Hope this helps.
Make sure you're online and click the Apple menu (upper-left of screen the screen in the menu bar) and click "Software Update...". Then it will check for updates and you can click "Install". It will update you to version 10.4.11 for free.
It works on my G4 867 MGzPowerbook. I misplaced my disc and had to buy a new one when I replaced the hard drive. I then upgraded it to 10.4.11 on the apple website. From your description you already have 'tiger' installed on the computer.
My machine is an eMac G4 with a PowerPC processor, and it worked for me. I believe it will work for your machine as well if it has the same specs. 10.4.11 is as far as you can go, though.
It worked perfectly for me to reload my book.
I did a clean install with this and worked fine
First, they are CDs and secondly, your iMac DOES have a DVD/CD drive. Unless, of course, it predates DVDs and then OS X 10 probably will not run on your device either.
IT DEPENDS UPON YOU PROCESSOR. THE INFORMATION BELOW COMES DIRECTLY FROM THE APPLE WEB SITE. I HOPE IT HELPS YOU. To use Mac OS X v10.4, your Macintosh needs: A PowerPC G3, G4, or G5 processor Built-in FireWire At least 256 MB of RAM DVD drive (DVD-ROM), Combo (CD-RW/DVD-ROM) or SuperDrive (DVD-R) for installation At least 3 GB of free disk space; 4 GB if you install the XCode 2 Developer Tools Additional Information Notes Please be sure to read the "Before You Install" document included on the Mac OS X 10.4 installation disc for more important information. Mac OS X does not support processor upgrade cards. The amount of disk space required depends on your computer and how you choose to install Mac OS X. Not all PowerPC G3 processor-based Macs have built-in FireWire. BOB ANDERSON PETOSKEY, MI
Yes, as long as you have the hard drive space, and enough RAM: "To use Mac OS X v10.4, your Macintosh needs: A PowerPC G3, G4, or G5 processor Built-in FireWire At least 256 MB of RAM DVD drive (DVD-ROM), Combo (CD-RW/DVD-ROM) or SuperDrive (DVD-R) for installation At least 3 GB of free disk space."
Yes. We use it on Windows 7. My kids like it and it teaches them basic math concepts. Recently I wanted my son to memorize basic math facts: addition/subtraction, multiplication, division. We did the trial at www (dot) reflexmath (dot) com. He's done 14 sessions of add/subtract and has gone from 11% to 50% fluency. He does it until the green light comes on 5 days a week.
I installed on Vista 32 bit -According to the specs: System Requirements Platform: Windows Vista / NT / 98 / 2000 / Me / XP / 95, Mac OS X
You have to install the game on your hard drive so it can save your progress, but you will still need the CD to play. Since my kids leave fingerprints on everything, I made a back-up copy of the CD and I let them use that in the computer.
No, I use it with Windows 7. Does Windows 8 have a feature to simulates prior versions so you can use old software?
Yes. We use it on Windows 7. My kids like it and it teaches them basic math concepts. Recently I wanted my son to memorize basic math facts: addition/subtraction, multiplication, division. We did the trial at www (dot) reflexmath (dot) com. He's done 14 sessions of add/subtract and has gone from 11% to 50% fluency. He does it until the green light comes on 5 days a week.
I installed on Vista 32 bit -According to the specs: System Requirements Platform: Windows Vista / NT / 98 / 2000 / Me / XP / 95, Mac OS X
You have to install the game on your hard drive so it can save your progress, but you will still need the CD to play. Since my kids leave fingerprints on everything, I made a back-up copy of the CD and I let them use that in the computer.
No, I use it with Windows 7. Does Windows 8 have a feature to simulates prior versions so you can use old software?
It will not work properly on windows 7 or any 64 bit machine - Yes a real problem as IBM has effectively let this nice software die.
Yes, install the Lotus SmartSuite program on your hard drive.
You will be able to recover them.
You should not have any problems. This lotus program should work with your computer. If you can't get it to work and you have a Best Buy store in your area, I suggest you take it into its Geek Squad.
Don't know. I'm running it in Windows 7 only.
It does! I used this program back in 84 and wanted it now, I have problems with it now because it is not what it used to be.......too high tech for me, I even purchased the 1-2-3 for dummies. please let me know how you do with it, Ted
What is your question?
No. But if you have Windows 7 Professional, you can switch over to XL and run.
I doubt it.
sorry, I can't even get 123 to load. Sorry program
Hello Linda, When I bought my current computer I requested Windows 7 as the OS. My computer "guru" suggested that I purchase the "professional" upgrade to W7 and then I could use all my older software. That is what I did and the older software works just fine, saving me a bundle! Anna
Hello Jolene, I copied this from the Paint Shop Pro 9 "Help" section: About Raster and Vector Graphics Computer graphics are of two types: raster (also called bitmap) or vector. With Paint Shop Pro, you create both raster and vector images. You can also create an image with both raster and vector layers. It's important to understand the differences between the two data types. Raster Images Raster images are composed of individual elements, called pixels, arranged in a grid. Each pixel has a specific location and color. If you magnify raster data, you can see the individual pixels as squares of colors. An object in a raster image is defined by its pixels. For example, the front door in an image of a house is made up of a mosaic of pixels at certain locations in the image. In bitmap images you edit pixels rather than objects or shapes. Raster images can display subtle changes in tones and colors, so they are most often used for images like photographs and digital artwork. Raster images contain a fixed number of pixels, so when you magnify the image you are magnifying the display size of the pixels. As a result, raster images can display jagged rather than smooth edges if magnified on screen or printed at a large magnification. Vector Graphics Vector graphics or images use geometric characteristics-lines, curves, and their locations-to define objects. For example, a door in a graphic of a house is made up of a rectangle with a certain width and height at a specific location and filled with a certain color. In vector images you edit objects or shapes rather than pixels. Vector graphics do not lose clarity or detail when scaled to any size or printed at any resolution. They work well for technical illustrations or corporate logos. Choosing Raster or Vector In Paint Shop Pro, you create and edit raster and vector data on separate layers. With some tools you create raster data (like brush strokes with the Paint tool) and with other tools (like the Text and Preset Shapes tools) you can choose whether you want to create raster or vector data. In general, use vector objects when you'll need to edit the object as an element separate from other parts of the image. For example, if you add a star to an image, you may want to change its size, color or location. This is easier if the star is a vector object. You can create raster data on separate layers so you can easily edit or move them. To apply tools or commands to vector objects that work only on raster data (such as the painting tools or the effects commands), you can create a raster selection of a vector object. Then, paste the selection to a new raster layer. Related Topics Capturing Images from a Computer Screen Setting Screen Capture Options Creating Images Importing Images from Digital Cameras and Scanners Saving Images Using the Paint Shop Pro Browser I hope this is helpful to you. Anna O. Jackson Paducah, KY
yes it works in windows 7 Dave
Hello George, I'm sorry, but I have no idea. I have never run across that problem within Paint Shop Pro. A. Jackson
Using transparent layers would be a good start. You could arrange your images where you want, then merge them.
Yep, it woks great for me in Windows 8. It actually works better than in Win 7 because it doesn't flicker when starting up, since it wasn't Windows Aero compatible. PSP9 is still a great photo enhancer, I still use it today. I wish Jasc was still creating it.
When you insert the disc the dialog box is displayed and one of the choices is to run the set up. Don't run set up from this dialog box. Close the the dialog box and open Windows Explorer and locate the CD drive. Find the Set up exe file on the CD and double click on it. This should run the set up.
It certainly does work on Windows 7... and on 8. Yes it incorporates Lotus 123, though I don't use it myself. Sorry, I don't know what r5w is. The version number is 9.8.
The real question is whether the new lotus will work with Windows 7 or 8. I couldn't make it work on 7 unless I went to Virtual XP. Some others have had a better experience. I finally gave up and moved to Excel--but the new excel is NO LONGER compatible with Lotus. So my advice, if you have lots of Lotus spreadsheets wouldbe, if you can to use the older Lotus version you now have. I made the switch because I am disenchanted with Lotus' unwillingness to make themselves compatible, and to me, prefer leave the field to Microsoft.
According to the IBM website (Look up Lotus SmartSuite 9.8.2 Support Questions) - yes. We are installing it on a 2008 R2 64 bit server and it appears to be working correctly.
Yes, it is working for me.
I'm pretty sure you have to get it on CD. I got it to work on Windows 7 but not sure about 8.1.
No...
Sorry, I don't know....but it certainly works in Windows 7.
Yes. That's the system used by the computer I run Lotus on & I haven't had any problems.
Yes it will. I have installed it on Windows 7 64 bit and it works perfectly. :)
Yes.
I do not think so; but I heard there was supposed to be an updated version.
No, there's no standard video DVD for it. It's too customized and complex of a program to run in a DVD player. It exists for PC, Play Station 2, xbox (the old one, but I think the new one might play it), and for the Wii under a different name. These are the only formats I'm aware of, and I've done quite a bit of research. I personally own the PC and Wii versions.
Yes.
I do not think so; but I heard there was supposed to be an updated version.
No, there's no standard video DVD for it. It's too customized and complex of a program to run in a DVD player. It exists for PC, Play Station 2, xbox (the old one, but I think the new one might play it), and for the Wii under a different name. These are the only formats I'm aware of, and I've done quite a bit of research. I personally own the PC and Wii versions.
Yes mine does! Great program and company!
System requirements for this product are windows 95/98/Me/2000/xp. I have installed it into my computer that has windows xp. The web site for this product is www.hobbyware.com
Yes!! You can customize all of the details of your patterns!! All the way from the type of stitches stitches (can choose to not do any 1/2 or 1/4 stitches, and also can select if you want backstitching), you choose the size, tell it which size fabric you are using, and can also customize to the amount of colors you want to work with... I work on large projects always and this program is perfect for me making my own patterns!!
Yes and you can also choose how many colors you want to use to give it more detail. Up to over 100
It recommends the DMC and how many of each one.
The pro version has the machine option; and a library of some patterns (Donna Vermillion Giampa; Kooler Design Studio). If you are a regular stitcher (rather than a teacher or a designer), the regular program will do everything you want! mb
Yes, you can: select the virtual printer on your computer when your design is ready, and print to pdf in stead of paper.
The software can handle any font that you need. There is not just one font. If you are looking to make your patterns and have a font in mind, this is still the best cross-stitch software.
I just searched the index and found this: "The Page Layout can be exported as a Rich Text Format (RTF) file. This allows the layout to be further edited using other programs such as MS Word..." Hope this helps!
Yes. What you do is select "text" (icon is T). Then you select the font you like; the numbers signify the number of sts in the height of the capital letters (lower case are shorter, of course). Some of the fonts come with options in the height (such as 8 and 13). Now click in the upper L (or wherever you want) of the empty grid and start typing your poem. As to the picture, I think you mean can you scan and import. Yes. Be aware that the piece will come out in several hundred colors (with their appropriate symbols). This will be way too many. Manually condense the colors to simplify and shorten stitching time. I like no more than 25 colors; YMMV. If you keep all the colors, you'll have to use blended needles for some of the colors. (I hate doing this! Ugh. My mom is ok with blended needles...) mb
In my experience with FM9 it was limited to 2 computers. I am not sure about FM10.
Yes. I have it running on Yosemite.
No but you can put your database on the flash drive to use on different machines.
yes, FileMaker files are cross-platform....
It is a new install app. May not work with latest Mas OS.
If you haven't already checked out these two articles, they may help http://kb.mit.edu/confluence/display/ist/FileMaker%20Pro%20and%20Server%2010%20-%20Upgrading%20From%20Earlier%20Versions and directions http://www.dbservices.com/articles/upgrading-filemaker-pro-part-1-filemaker-conversion
You might need a web connection to activate the software if you choose to do so over the Internet. If I recall correctly you can do this over the phone as well. Aside from having to do an online activation, this product is used offline. No web connection required
Not sure. I bought ace reader pro several years ago. And then I upgraded to ace-reader elite last year. Ace reader elite works best. I think you can call their technical team from a customer service line and they can answer you best. They are very helpful.
I am a college student also, and you can set the level of books that you want to read. As far as reading two books per week, I have found that while this is a great program to increase your reading speed, sometimes you don't want to read that fast. Think of it like driving. Sometimes, you want to enjoy the scenery while others you just want to get to your destination as quickly as possible. For me, I use the speed reading taught int his program for reading blogs, newspapers, and academic papers.
AceReader is a far superior product than 7 Speed Reading. It has 830 themed and grade-leveled Reading Comprehension Tests, a wide variety of warm-up and text-based Drills to help you learn proper eye movements, and many different Games to both challenge your skills and entertain you at the same time. It also has a guided Course Mode, as well as a fully customizable Reading Mode, where you can change everything from the font size and color to the speed at which the text is presented. You can import your own text into the program for practicing on things you'd need to read anyway, and it comes with 625 e-books, on all different topics, that you can practice. 7 Speed Reading offers only limited tests and does not allow you to customize. In addition, AceReader offers full customer and tech support to help you through the learning process.
They have a Mac version.
Lance, I'm pretty sure I got three licenses. When one of my hard drives crashed, they were really nice and fronted me three more. Super nice folks and easy to deal with!
This is absolutely the program for you. It contains 830 reading comprehension tests, themed and grade-leveled, so you'll always know where you stand, as well as numerous drills and fun yet educational games. You can work through an automated Course Mode, or you can choose to customize all aspects of your reading experience through the Reading Mode, including importing your own text into the program to use for practice. And with 625 added e-books, you'll never run out of things on which to practice. Most users see double to triple their baseline reading rate with 15-20 minutes of daily practice, but it does vary from person to person. Any improvement in reading speed and comprehension, though, is a good thing. You can download a free 30-day demo to try it out at www.acereader.com.
Yes, you could use this software for a 6-year old. It has the option of choosing the level of what is being read and gives you the ability to load things your self. That being said, I would not use this for a 6-year old. The program requires consistency and dedication that most (pretty much all) 6-year old children lack. Just you asking the question demonstrates that your child might be exceptional. I would still not do this.
You might need a web connection to activate the software if you choose to do so over the Internet. If I recall correctly you can do this over the phone as well. Aside from having to do an online activation, this product is used offline. No web connection required
Not sure. I bought ace reader pro several years ago. And then I upgraded to ace-reader elite last year. Ace reader elite works best. I think you can call their technical team from a customer service line and they can answer you best. They are very helpful.
I am a college student also, and you can set the level of books that you want to read. As far as reading two books per week, I have found that while this is a great program to increase your reading speed, sometimes you don't want to read that fast. Think of it like driving. Sometimes, you want to enjoy the scenery while others you just want to get to your destination as quickly as possible. For me, I use the speed reading taught int his program for reading blogs, newspapers, and academic papers.
AceReader is a far superior product than 7 Speed Reading. It has 830 themed and grade-leveled Reading Comprehension Tests, a wide variety of warm-up and text-based Drills to help you learn proper eye movements, and many different Games to both challenge your skills and entertain you at the same time. It also has a guided Course Mode, as well as a fully customizable Reading Mode, where you can change everything from the font size and color to the speed at which the text is presented. You can import your own text into the program for practicing on things you'd need to read anyway, and it comes with 625 e-books, on all different topics, that you can practice. 7 Speed Reading offers only limited tests and does not allow you to customize. In addition, AceReader offers full customer and tech support to help you through the learning process.
They have a Mac version.
Lance, I'm pretty sure I got three licenses. When one of my hard drives crashed, they were really nice and fronted me three more. Super nice folks and easy to deal with!
This is absolutely the program for you. It contains 830 reading comprehension tests, themed and grade-leveled, so you'll always know where you stand, as well as numerous drills and fun yet educational games. You can work through an automated Course Mode, or you can choose to customize all aspects of your reading experience through the Reading Mode, including importing your own text into the program to use for practice. And with 625 added e-books, you'll never run out of things on which to practice. Most users see double to triple their baseline reading rate with 15-20 minutes of daily practice, but it does vary from person to person. Any improvement in reading speed and comprehension, though, is a good thing. You can download a free 30-day demo to try it out at www.acereader.com.
Yes, you could use this software for a 6-year old. It has the option of choosing the level of what is being read and gives you the ability to load things your self. That being said, I would not use this for a 6-year old. The program requires consistency and dedication that most (pretty much all) 6-year old children lack. Just you asking the question demonstrates that your child might be exceptional. I would still not do this.
Do a Google search asking the questilon: Will older version of iLife iWork work on Mac OS 10.6.8 This will give you some answers.
It worked on my 6-year-old G4, Bill. I'm not sure what OS it had, but it worked with the two or three updates I installed (I think through Leopard). Apple support ought to be able to answer the question. Good luck.
The new iMacs come pre-installed with most of the software formerly packaged in iLife (except for iWeb, which seems to have been discontinued), so I really can't say. But I do like the old Pages (in 06) better, which allowed me to save things as Doc or Docx files. The new Pages doesn't. If you try it, you might also want to have Mackeeper so you can uninstall it later, or remove the features that do not work. The only old program that I'm using on my 2013 iMac is iWeb, and I haven't run into any glitches. Good luck.
i have leopard which it does work but i don't know if it would work for lion
Do a Google search asking the questilon: Will older version of iLife iWork work on Mac OS 10.6.8 This will give you some answers.
It worked on my 6-year-old G4, Bill. I'm not sure what OS it had, but it worked with the two or three updates I installed (I think through Leopard). Apple support ought to be able to answer the question. Good luck.
The new iMacs come pre-installed with most of the software formerly packaged in iLife (except for iWeb, which seems to have been discontinued), so I really can't say. But I do like the old Pages (in 06) better, which allowed me to save things as Doc or Docx files. The new Pages doesn't. If you try it, you might also want to have Mackeeper so you can uninstall it later, or remove the features that do not work. The only old program that I'm using on my 2013 iMac is iWeb, and I haven't run into any glitches. Good luck.
i have leopard which it does work but i don't know if it would work for lion
Do a Google search asking the questilon: Will older version of iLife iWork work on Mac OS 10.6.8 This will give you some answers.
It worked on my 6-year-old G4, Bill. I'm not sure what OS it had, but it worked with the two or three updates I installed (I think through Leopard). Apple support ought to be able to answer the question. Good luck.
The new iMacs come pre-installed with most of the software formerly packaged in iLife (except for iWeb, which seems to have been discontinued), so I really can't say. But I do like the old Pages (in 06) better, which allowed me to save things as Doc or Docx files. The new Pages doesn't. If you try it, you might also want to have Mackeeper so you can uninstall it later, or remove the features that do not work. The only old program that I'm using on my 2013 iMac is iWeb, and I haven't run into any glitches. Good luck.
i have leopard which it does work but i don't know if it would work for lion
Do a Google search asking the questilon: Will older version of iLife iWork work on Mac OS 10.6.8 This will give you some answers.
It worked on my 6-year-old G4, Bill. I'm not sure what OS it had, but it worked with the two or three updates I installed (I think through Leopard). Apple support ought to be able to answer the question. Good luck.
The new iMacs come pre-installed with most of the software formerly packaged in iLife (except for iWeb, which seems to have been discontinued), so I really can't say. But I do like the old Pages (in 06) better, which allowed me to save things as Doc or Docx files. The new Pages doesn't. If you try it, you might also want to have Mackeeper so you can uninstall it later, or remove the features that do not work. The only old program that I'm using on my 2013 iMac is iWeb, and I haven't run into any glitches. Good luck.
i have leopard which it does work but i don't know if it would work for lion
Yes, it does work with Windows 7 which is what is on my office computer. It wouldn't work with my Mac at home OS 10 plus.
This kit isn't for making the CDs themselves. It's just for making labels for the CDs you already have.
Yes.
No! Even though this says it works with Mac, it does not! Only windows.
yes
My computer calibrated it for me and it worked perfectly.
Yes
It works fine on my Win 7 system - I have a 3.2 GHz processor and 8 GB of RAM.
create a card will not work on Windows 7 I had to load in Windows XP by partitioning my hard drive then loading create a card 1 and 2 and then all the others...
It will not print envelopes from address book it will work but not in that way. Have you used windows "work" (old program) to print a mail merge? You have to group all your contacts into separate files and move all addresses you do not want in mail merge from contacts into recycle bin leaving only the group you want in mail merge. When your finished don't forget to move contacts back into contact files. I use it all the time.
I don't know Andrea. I've been trying to find an old version that has a great reminder daily program. Someone told me that the version I'm looking for will not work on my computer.
Yes
I don't know. I was trying to get an older version that had a great reminder program that popped up every day to tell me about birthdays. etc/
I just realized...I don't think I ever got it...
It works fine on my Win 7 system - I have a 3.2 GHz processor and 8 GB of RAM.
create a card will not work on Windows 7 I had to load in Windows XP by partitioning my hard drive then loading create a card 1 and 2 and then all the others...
It will not print envelopes from address book it will work but not in that way. Have you used windows "work" (old program) to print a mail merge? You have to group all your contacts into separate files and move all addresses you do not want in mail merge from contacts into recycle bin leaving only the group you want in mail merge. When your finished don't forget to move contacts back into contact files. I use it all the time.
I don't know Andrea. I've been trying to find an old version that has a great reminder daily program. Someone told me that the version I'm looking for will not work on my computer.
Yes
I don't know. I was trying to get an older version that had a great reminder program that popped up every day to tell me about birthdays. etc/
I just realized...I don't think I ever got it...
Only if you disable itunes and anything else that uses Quicktime as it will only run on an older version. My advice would be to get the newer software they have out or to just purchase the bio-feedback device and use the online version at www.wilddivine.com
Yes
The Relaxing Rhythms program with the Iom finger sensors included is what you need. You can choose any software as part of a system which has the finger sensors (Iom) as they are what is needed to read your heart rate and skin conductance; these are the measures which are the 'biofeedback' parts which will let you learn how to focus and relax through the games and exercises. The Relaxing Rhythms has better instructions and guided exercises than this Passage program; therefore, it is easier to understand and use for most people. The cost for a Relaxing Rhythms with Iom finger sensors is $299 as the set price from the manufacturer. You can find various options here on Amazon. Make sure to check the feedback, return and guarantee policies such that you align yourself with the most helpful and respected merchant as you might require assistance in the installation process.
No
From the item descrption, " The Journey to Wild Divine Biofeedback Software & Hardware for PC & Mac: " From my own use," yes "
I do not know, because I am not a scientist nor do I have ADD. But I noticed that I settled for moments at a time, in order to make this and that happen in the game.
I ran it on Snow Leopard. Worked great. It's a fun game and I found it very challenging.
Sorry I bought this system for a Mac. I understood the gist' .. but was disappointing & i used it for only a short while..
I don't remember leaving feedback for this since I never bought. I used it a few times as a counselor Iwas going to had it. I am not sure if she had a pc or Mac. I remember checking it out on the Internet, but I don't remember what I found out. I am sorry I can't remember.
No u have to have windows X i believe for it to work.
Reading Blaster was orginally design for windows 98. My version works on Windows 7 but windows 8 is such a different platform that I can't forsee that it will work
I am not sure but the windows I use was not listed either and I have no issues
No. Just a desktop computer.
I have used my version with every program except Vista. I still love this program. I have used mine exclusively for old photos. This program probably would not suit someone who does professional photography.
Yes, it will work with Windows 7. I really like the program. Is it worth buying the disk, I don't know. I wish there were updates for this program, but there are not. I also, know there are other programs that do more than this one and that comes at a price. Depending on your needs, you have to decide your next step. I would buy this again if I were in your situation.
I haven't added or used date stamps myself so I'm certainly not an expert. I browsed through the Help utility and didn't see any automatic method. You can add a text/date overly relatively easily but it would be a manual process for each image.
If your software is ok then I suggest you talk to a professional. I use Staples where I live. I have always had good luck with them and they are very fair on pricing. Secondly, I would check to see if the drivers can be installed manually. But again, if you have the resources I would talk to someone you trust.
Yes, it does. I still use it today & to verify it did I clicked on "Help" on the menu bar & on the 8th line down it says "Register Digital Image Pro10..". However it was discontinued in 2009. You can buy it on Amazon with a video program on Amazon. Go. to http://www.amazon.com/Microsoft-Digital-Image-Suite-Version/dp/B000B6KXFA Good Luck.
Yes
A PC running one of the following operating systems: Windows 7, (any edition, 32 or 64 bit) or Windows 8, (Windows 8/8.1 or Windows 8/8.1 Pro, 32 or 64 bit) or Windows Vista, (any edition) or Windows XP. (any edition) You should have at least 40 megabytes free hard drive space for a minimal installation. A complete installation of the Deluxe Version takes about 1GB. For Deluxe DVD installation, a DVD-ROM or Blu-ray drive is required. (If you do not have a DVD drive in your computer, you should order a download instead of the DVD.)
Yes. In the books and dictionaries section of the software there are "Strong's Greek Dictionary" and "Strong's Hebrew Dictionary". This is also linked to the King James Version with Strong's Links (KJVSL). Each verse in the KJVSL contains word by word links to the Hebrew or Greek word in the Strong's concordance. Instead of searching, you simply click the word you want to view and it pops up with the Strong's concordance greek or hebrew entry for that given KJV word or phrase.
Here is a list of the bibles included in the software: American Standard Version | Bishops Bible | Darby's Translation | Geneva Bible| KJV 2000 | KJV 1611 | KJV | KJV w/Strong's Links | Textus Receptus |Tyndale's Translation | Westcott-Hort Critical Text |World English Bible |Wycliffe Translation | Young's Literal Translation. *There are also books and commentaries and dictionaries as well. I hope this helps answer your question. Regards, Rick P
Hi Leland, On the box, it reads "Deluxe Edition Version 7.1" On the CD, it reads 7.1.1. After loading the software, it reads (in the about tab) Version 7.1.1.2 (x64) I hope that helps. It loads on both my Windows 7 (64-bit) desktop and my laptop Windows 8 (64-bit). Rick P
Yes
It's not included by the author. You can create your own if you have a text file of the NAS. There are many Bible versions included that are not copyrighted. See http://www.swordsearcher.com/resources.html for a current list of resources.
I have version 5.3 and it does not include the NIV or NASB. It has KJV, ASV, Bish, DBY, DSV, BG, KJV2000, KJV16, LGB, LSV, RVG, SRV, TR, Tyndell, and my personal favorite, the KJVSL (KJV with Strong's links). You could hardly find a better software for word studies.
The latest version is 7.1.1.2. You should go to the website (http://www.swordsearcher.com/) to see all the features and watch some videos. It's a great piece of software. Probably the best available in my opinion. ---Bill
Yes, you can simply read the Bible or do an extensive study, whichever you prefer.
I am running it on Windows 8.0 and 8.1. No problems. Jack Hammond
I have Windows XP, and it works fine. The packaging doesn't specify the operating systems with which it is compatible. I'm sorry that I can't be more helpful.
I have Windows 7, and it works with that. I don't know if it works with later versions of Windows.
You have to be running windows 95 or greater. It is a full program not an updater and has a full license and key. Hope this helps.
you may sometimes it is not necessary of you have the hard drive space is up to you.But, it is preferably.
Yes
Yes I have it running on my sons computer. No problems at the moment. I hope this helps?
I don't know, but I will ask my nephew and let you know what he says.
Hi! I hope so because the computer I have now let me down and I will need it for the new one... But I am sure you can, if not, you could make a copy from your computer to "download" it to your new one. I do not know how but I know you can do it.
As far as I can tell, this version should work with win 8.1. Having said that I know that if you wanted to use MS Outlook for you mail it will not work. The lowest it goes it Outlook 2007. I hope this helps?
Hi. Yes I think so because I have office 2003 pro working on my win8.1. Hope this helps?
So far 2...
No, because MAC do not use Microsoft products they have their own.
No, unless you have the key code. Even with the key code, if someone had previously used it, it won't work. I had to get the 2009 version to allow it to work.
It contains Microsoft Money 2006 not 2007.
The two that I ordered were only one disc. Be very aware that what you very likely will get is a disc that has been registered before to the original owner and the included license key will be denied. Spend a few dollars more and go for Works 9. This is updated and does not require a license key. This was a hard lesson to learn, but is actually fraud in my estimation.
Yes to All
every thing on my box and the manual says 2006. Maybe it depends where and when you bought it. I'm currently using office and student.
According to the Windows 7 Compatibility Center , Works Suite 2006 is compatible with Windows 7, and no action is required to use it.
Sorry, I don't know about Vista but it works fine with XP
I don't know about it printing bar codes but I sure do like the rest of the program.
I'm not sure. I had lost my disk when I changed computers, upgraded. As hard as I tried I could not transfer the addresses. I tried copying them to a memory stick, emailing them and various other attempts. I ended up printing them and then entering and saving them on the new computer. Hope this helps. Chuck
yes it is
Sorry Jim I would probably say no, after just looking at them
I Love StatTrak, but I do not know if you can import MS Outlook data... Sorry
Yes it runs on win 7. I had it on XP and had to re-purchase it when 7 came out. I haven't had any problems using it on win 7 and I've used it for a couple of years now. Hope this helps.
I was able to print my address list on an 8 x 11 sheet but never tried a smaller size.
I don't know the answer to this, but you can get help by clicking on the Help tab and on "Send us your Data". I found StatTrack to be very helpful in installing on my Windows 8 PC, but I didn't try any address-list transfers. Bob Griffith
steve, who make a GPS that display lat/lon with in one yard accuracies. thanks, boon.
No..you need to get telenav. www.telenav.com.
Yes, this GPS adapter can be used with a Dell PDA that has a CompactFlash CF card slot. You need to buy an adapter so that you can attach the receiver to your PDA. Look for the Pharos GPS360 adapter.
There is no extra cost; care of Uncle Sam
steve, who make a GPS that display lat/lon with in one yard accuracies. thanks, boon.
No..you need to get telenav. www.telenav.com.
Yes, this GPS adapter can be used with a Dell PDA that has a CompactFlash CF card slot. You need to buy an adapter so that you can attach the receiver to your PDA. Look for the Pharos GPS360 adapter.
There is no extra cost; care of Uncle Sam
Yes. All Windows from 98 through to Win 7. Kind Regards, Peter White Virtual Mechanics Inc.
It comes with quite a few with choices, example for business, clubs, personal etc. I have found the program to be a bit wieldy to use when trying to redo your webpage when you want to transfer over some of the current html items that you already have on your site.
sorry, can't tell you. I have no idea.
full program. Available on DVD.
I use [at present] Window 7 Professional with the sofware.
If your host accepts ftp upload, you can upload direct from SiteSpinner. However; if your host requires SFTP (secure upload) then you need to use a third party utility. There are free ones online. It is a simple, fast procedure.
Yes you can. The software does less that some of the others, but it is beautifully simple to get operating and it served all my needs [to the present time].
You can use any fonts that are on your computer system. However, keep in mind that some fonts are considered Web Safe, and some are not. SiteSpinner identifies which fonts are safe to use.
Checkout SiteSpinner Pro.
william-o-romine-jr.com is a site-spinner website. Works beautifully.
Yes. All Windows from 98 through to Win 7. Kind Regards, Peter White Virtual Mechanics Inc.
It comes with quite a few with choices, example for business, clubs, personal etc. I have found the program to be a bit wieldy to use when trying to redo your webpage when you want to transfer over some of the current html items that you already have on your site.
sorry, can't tell you. I have no idea.
full program. Available on DVD.
I use [at present] Window 7 Professional with the sofware.
If your host accepts ftp upload, you can upload direct from SiteSpinner. However; if your host requires SFTP (secure upload) then you need to use a third party utility. There are free ones online. It is a simple, fast procedure.
Yes you can. The software does less that some of the others, but it is beautifully simple to get operating and it served all my needs [to the present time].
You can use any fonts that are on your computer system. However, keep in mind that some fonts are considered Web Safe, and some are not. SiteSpinner identifies which fonts are safe to use.
Checkout SiteSpinner Pro.
william-o-romine-jr.com is a site-spinner website. Works beautifully.
Yes. All Windows from 98 through to Win 7. Kind Regards, Peter White Virtual Mechanics Inc.
It comes with quite a few with choices, example for business, clubs, personal etc. I have found the program to be a bit wieldy to use when trying to redo your webpage when you want to transfer over some of the current html items that you already have on your site.
sorry, can't tell you. I have no idea.
full program. Available on DVD.
I use [at present] Window 7 Professional with the sofware.
If your host accepts ftp upload, you can upload direct from SiteSpinner. However; if your host requires SFTP (secure upload) then you need to use a third party utility. There are free ones online. It is a simple, fast procedure.
Yes you can. The software does less that some of the others, but it is beautifully simple to get operating and it served all my needs [to the present time].
You can use any fonts that are on your computer system. However, keep in mind that some fonts are considered Web Safe, and some are not. SiteSpinner identifies which fonts are safe to use.
Checkout SiteSpinner Pro.
william-o-romine-jr.com is a site-spinner website. Works beautifully.
dope photoshop Elelements--Which version can be used with MS Vista?
By the way, I used to run Elements 2 on a Vista machine, and that worked fine, so I would assume version 4 would too.
Yes, I use it with Win 7. The only problem I have is that it sometimes doesn't open properly. I'll click on the icon, and it will act like it is opening, but the program doesn't appear. I just open Task Manager and close the Photoshop program, and then reopen it. I have noticed that if I open a graphic file by telling it to "Open With... Photoshop", it always seems to work fine.
Yes, Adobe Photoshop Elements 4.0 will install and run on Windows 8 computer. I have the program and have been using it for several years. You will receive warnings about incompatibility, but these can be ignored. All the features that you want and need work properly.
I'm not completely sure, but I don't think it will work with Windows 8. Win 8 is a new system, where Win 7 was just an update from XP and Vista.
No
Yes. But not Windows 7
You should be able to run PE 4.0 on Windows 8. Recall that most applications simply take you back to the Windows 7 desktop. I am running PE 4.0 on this OS.
dope photoshop Elelements--Which version can be used with MS Vista?
By the way, I used to run Elements 2 on a Vista machine, and that worked fine, so I would assume version 4 would too.
Yes, I use it with Win 7. The only problem I have is that it sometimes doesn't open properly. I'll click on the icon, and it will act like it is opening, but the program doesn't appear. I just open Task Manager and close the Photoshop program, and then reopen it. I have noticed that if I open a graphic file by telling it to "Open With... Photoshop", it always seems to work fine.
Yes, Adobe Photoshop Elements 4.0 will install and run on Windows 8 computer. I have the program and have been using it for several years. You will receive warnings about incompatibility, but these can be ignored. All the features that you want and need work properly.
I'm not completely sure, but I don't think it will work with Windows 8. Win 8 is a new system, where Win 7 was just an update from XP and Vista.
No
Yes. But not Windows 7
You should be able to run PE 4.0 on Windows 8. Recall that most applications simply take you back to the Windows 7 desktop. I am running PE 4.0 on this OS.
Are the hardware requirements met?
I played and reviewed the game on Windows 7. The only Crazy Machines game that didn't work initially was Crazy Machines 2. I have reviews of these games on my website if you're interested (follow the link in my profile) as well as fixes for CM2.
It might be a little tricky for a 5 year old. I'm guessing this would be better for a child around 7-8 years old. That being said this is a pretty old game and we experienced problems with it on a newer (2004 iMac). Not sure if the same would apply for a windows PC but when we purchased it it was a "universal" powerpc binary and the windows version was for windows 95.
Find all the answers here http://www.steinschaden.fr/soluces/crazy_nc/crazync.htm For 53 pay particular attention to the length of the fuse as the distance from 8 ball to the bellows is affects when the ball will travel. The official solution has the domino falling onto right hand stump of the 'basket' and making a bridge with the hooks. The ball switches on the lamp. Also, make sure the solar panel is close enought to the light source, I think this is impotant, but not sure.
When you click the "on-off" switch (button with yellow arrow) with the mouse, something should happen...
My question exactly. I also really enjoyed The Incredible Machine games and would like to know if this is (1) a worthy successor (2) a blatant rip-off (3) a new twist on an oldie but goodie.
are you still stuck on 85, I just got past it
Yes ... I solved all but 5 of the 200 levels on my own ... but was stuck on a few of them so I searched for some solutions ... here are two great websites with pictures and text solutions for all of the levels. Don't give up too soon .. but if stuck they can get you moving again. Both sites are in German, but you can figure the solutions out either using the pictures or using a website translator. Good Luck. http://home.tiscali.de/troll/cm/index.html http://www.cm-fanpage.de/board/index.php
we are stuck at 16 also, wondering if there is a mistake on this one??
FYI, I have it running on a Vista machine and have encountered the following issues (none of which are deal breakers for me) 1) Can't access Help (written in older version) 2) Import Wizard doesn't import ingredients (?? - everything else moves over just fine) 3) Web Import doesn't function
Sorry. Since MC5, no Mac version. Only MC2, 3, 4 work on Mac.
Greetings...just in case you are the owner of a 64 bit edition of Windows 7 I have successfully imported my recipes from Key Gourmet into Living Cookbook 2011. I just did the first one in less than 3 minutes and now I know what I am doing you can get it down to a couple minutes per recipe. Beats the tweedle out of losing the recipes, or keeping an old machine around just for KG. I am going to write up a "how-to" doc for my wife to use so she can help (we have over 500 recipes in Key Gourmet). If you would like a copy just post a reply to this.
Hello, I haven't used MasterCook 9.0, but have used and use much earlier versions of MC--4.0 and 5.0--for precisely your pupose. My sister and I started out using and choosing from thier formats, but our book got so large, we are now using it in combination with Publisher so we can add additional features separate from the recipes. I'm not able to comment on the other product you mention. We started our project a little over 10 years ago. MC was the best one we found at the time. For health reasons and others, it has taken us a good while to complete our project, but we've found MC 4.0 and 5.0, even as old as they are, still great resources. Easy to use, quite a few recipe layout options, 5.0 has more complete nutrition information, places to write notes/family anecdotes at the start or finish of your recipe, flexibility with the ingredient list, in case you are using something not included there or are using another recipe as an ingredient. I imagine 9.0 is even better, more updated, though like I say, I can't speak to it directly. Hopefully someone else can help you with that. Good luck with your project. CV
We have been using Mastercook 3 running on our old XP system. Just bought a new computer with Windows 7 64 bit. Tried to port the Mastercook over but got an error message that I need a 32 bit or 64 bit version. Is anyone updating this program for Windows 7? Would buy a new copy if it was supported on Windows 7 and I could port my old recipes to it.
Yes, in the Shopping List section, it has a column entitled, Store Location (produce, frozen vegetables, canned fruit and juices, etc.)
Yes, I have used it for years. I love all the features and have logged 419 of our families recipes including pictures with hopes of a cookbook someday. However, that said, it has not been Mac friendly, the updates have included the PC only. So, that leaves the Mac users still using the old version 4.0.6. Meaning, that as new cooking ingredients come to market, you have to add them in yourself. It has huge print problems. I found a workaround, saving the recipes as a PDF and then printing. Another big draw back is having to use it in 'Classic. But, I am exictied today I got an email bulletin about Mariner Software's Mac Gourmet Deluxe. I am in the process of reviewing it with high hopes. Check it out.
I successfully converted all my recipes from my 1995 Mac version of Master Cook Cooking Light to Master Cook Version 9.0. While all the recipes transferred, my menu's did not. Attaching a recipe to a menu in the older versions was far easier than the current, a major disappointment, but it's still the best software for capturing your own recipes and organizing meals.
I just did this for my wife on her new computer. I did hers on our home network, but in explorer you can copy the cookbook files to a cd on your computer and then from the cd on his computer using drag and drop or copy files function. At least it worked for me. Good luck.
You can't. That old version is no longer supported. It will NOT run correctly on the latest versions of Windows either. It fact it usually makes people's recipes completely disappear from the program as explained here: http://support.mastercook.com/entries/22055813-Recipes-Disappear-from-Cookbook The current version of MasterCook is designed and compatible with the latest versions of Windows. It can use all of your files from version 9 too as explained here: http://support.mastercook.com/entries/22017556-Transferring-Recipes-and-Files-from-a-Previous-Version
You have to buy the new version each year.
Wow, what a question.. but the answer (in my world) to your question - is because (for many devastating, personal reasons) I needed to file "back taxes"... I had used Turbo Tax 2004 - & turbo tax provided us with that 2005 resource (in 2012). It worked great - and honestly - getting caught up - that was worth 10x the "full price"... just sayin'. so THAT is why.
Apparently it contains both the Mac and Windows versions in the same box. This box though contains the 2005 Federal tax return forms. Is that what you want? If so, the Windows version is certified to run on Windows XP. If the computer that you plan to run it on has a more modern version of Windows (like Vista, 7 or 8), it may not run.
Unless you have a very simple return, I personally do not like the online systems. I like the ability to have my data file right on my local disk. You are also not at the mercy of either Intuit's server (which may be busy, or having problems), or your internat connection (ISP, etc).
You have to buy the new version each year.
Wow, what a question.. but the answer (in my world) to your question - is because (for many devastating, personal reasons) I needed to file "back taxes"... I had used Turbo Tax 2004 - & turbo tax provided us with that 2005 resource (in 2012). It worked great - and honestly - getting caught up - that was worth 10x the "full price"... just sayin'. so THAT is why.
Apparently it contains both the Mac and Windows versions in the same box. This box though contains the 2005 Federal tax return forms. Is that what you want? If so, the Windows version is certified to run on Windows XP. If the computer that you plan to run it on has a more modern version of Windows (like Vista, 7 or 8), it may not run.
Unless you have a very simple return, I personally do not like the online systems. I like the ability to have my data file right on my local disk. You are also not at the mercy of either Intuit's server (which may be busy, or having problems), or your internat connection (ISP, etc).
You have to buy the new version each year.
Wow, what a question.. but the answer (in my world) to your question - is because (for many devastating, personal reasons) I needed to file "back taxes"... I had used Turbo Tax 2004 - & turbo tax provided us with that 2005 resource (in 2012). It worked great - and honestly - getting caught up - that was worth 10x the "full price"... just sayin'. so THAT is why.
Apparently it contains both the Mac and Windows versions in the same box. This box though contains the 2005 Federal tax return forms. Is that what you want? If so, the Windows version is certified to run on Windows XP. If the computer that you plan to run it on has a more modern version of Windows (like Vista, 7 or 8), it may not run.
Unless you have a very simple return, I personally do not like the online systems. I like the ability to have my data file right on my local disk. You are also not at the mercy of either Intuit's server (which may be busy, or having problems), or your internat connection (ISP, etc).
Yes it should.
from what software?
Yes, I had it installed and working on Vista.
I have Money 2004 Financial Suite and it works fabulously on a Win7 Ultimate edition 64 bit pc. I have been using it for years and just do not understand why Microsoft dropped it. There is just nothing out there to touch it, I wish it would run on my iPad2 though.
WHAT DO YOU WANT TO INSTALL ON WINDOWS 8?
Yes it should.
from what software?
Yes, I had it installed and working on Vista.
I have Money 2004 Financial Suite and it works fabulously on a Win7 Ultimate edition 64 bit pc. I have been using it for years and just do not understand why Microsoft dropped it. There is just nothing out there to touch it, I wish it would run on my iPad2 though.
WHAT DO YOU WANT TO INSTALL ON WINDOWS 8?
Yes it should.
from what software?
Yes, I had it installed and working on Vista.
I have Money 2004 Financial Suite and it works fabulously on a Win7 Ultimate edition 64 bit pc. I have been using it for years and just do not understand why Microsoft dropped it. There is just nothing out there to touch it, I wish it would run on my iPad2 though.
WHAT DO YOU WANT TO INSTALL ON WINDOWS 8?
I would assume that it does work with Snow Leopard. I'm using it on Lion with no issues.
It is very doubtful, as i have problems using it with Mac O/S 6.8.1 I suggest you find and us a much later version of I-Work. (ivanwaite@mail.com) .
It only comes with the install disc. The box also has the getting started guides & serial number card in it so it makes the box look larger. You can install only the programs you need. I only needed it for Keynote, so I only installed that. You can do the same for the other programs as well. Hope this helps :)
Usually unless specified software licenses are for 1 computer only. You would have to read the license agreement.
This will work on your powermac. I currently have mine uploaded onto a G4 400 mhz tower. The only app that wont work is iMovie. It requires a G5.
As I recall, it did. Bought it a while ago for our used MacBook.
From the Apple site (about Tiger, but I assume it will hold true for Leopard): "Family Pack Software License Agreement allows you to install and use one copy of the Apple Software on up to a maximum of five (5) Apple-labeled computers at a time as long as those computers are located in the same household and used by persons who occupy that same household. By "household" we mean a person or persons who share the same housing unit such as a home, apartment, mobile home or condominium, but shall also extend to student members who are primary residents of that household but residing at a separate on-campus location. This license does not extend to business or commercial users."
Family pack has one disc and five serials. this is a good deal on amazon, $10 cheaper than apple
Yes, you can clean install
If your systems match or super exceed the system requirements stated below, then both of your mac machines will more than likely run the new Leopard Operating System. I hope this post helps MAC OS X Leopard System Requirements:  Processor must be any Intel, PowerPC G5 or G4 (at 867 MHz or faster)  DVD drive (for installation of the operating system)  Built-in FireWire  At least 512 MB of RAM (additional RAM is recommended for development purposes)  A built-in display or a display connected to an Apple-supplied video card  At least 9 GB of disk space available
Just hook the CD only Mac to your DVD reading Mac via Firewire and reboot the older Mac holding down T key. That mac will then appear on desktop of your newer mac and you can install from the DVD.
I would guess it would be similar to pre-ordering dvds, books, etc. In my experience, they tend to ship out the same day of the official release... so when you get it would depend on how you had it shipped (a day or so after). If you must have it immediately... pick up a copy at an apple store the morning of the 26th.
Most likely because Leopard supports both 100% according to WWDC
No you will need an intel based computer.
Yes, directions are in English. It worked very well for us.
No it is fantastic for the countryside. We used it to drive from Rome to Corona in Tuscany and then all over Tuscany and Umbria. Just mark your hotel as home and go! We were able to drive to hilltops we saw in the distance with no worries and when done said go home. We used it to drive to Florence but parked outside the city and took the tram via into town to avoid issues with the ZTL and potential fines. Later I flew to Lecce and used it on another rental car there. I did not need the plug in charged for the wall. It charged fine in the car. Hope this helps.
Just checked the map date - It's 2013. I used it last summer (2013) and went thru some really small towns (place called Gubio) and it always got me where I was suppose to go without a hitch. I was quite impressed.
Jane, sorry. I looked at all the product details and there is nothing about what version or date is being sold. There's no information about the seller on Amazon, other than its positive delivery ratings. If you call Amazon customer service they may have more detail, or may be able to get it from the seller. Good luck.
Hello Gary, the version we are selling is also 2014. Many thanks
The maps do not download onto the Garmin Nuvi, but rather remain on the card. But test it by inputting a few destinations in Italy. If the device recognizes destinations / streets / cities, then you are good.
Providing you have a battery-powered GPS. I used my Garmin on a walk from Flaminio to Vatican City. However, I have to say that Google Maps/Navigator on my phone worked a LOT better in Italy overall, especially for walking. Three days into my trip, and after a 60k wild goose chase to a nonexistent grocery store (which Google found 2k away) I put the Garmin back in the suitcase and used Google exclusively.
We took the ferry from San Giovanni, it took us to Taormina no problem.
Not sure. It comes with a SD and micro SD card. It worked with our 2300. I don't see anything on the product details that says it is for only for certain models. I believe you just need a SD slot.
The date on the box is 2011. The CD is version 1.0. Does Xritephoto make a later version?
As long as you have the SD or microSD slot in you GPS.
I don't know if it covers those islands.
It comes with the SD adapter (and Garmin people told me it works with any Garmin that'd taking it). But it worked terribly on our trip to Spain in July. Do not recommend, emphatically. Cost us about $500 in fuel and $$$$ in anxiety. I saw cab drivers using Tomtom there, not Garmin.
I don't know the answer to that. I suggest you call NUVI
It is a normal SD mini card
The best place to find out what is compatible with the model you have is to investigate it on the Garmin website first or call the 800 number and then look for the item on Amazon as it is usually a better price.
We didn't use it in Granada. However, I feel sure that it would be good. It was quite useful for the other cities.
Not sure. I have micro SD card for Ireland/UK and Australia and they work.
I used it with my Nuvi 255w. The product is a micro-SD card, but you can buy an adapter to plug a micro-SD card into an SD slot. That's what we used and it works fine. In fact when I glanced at the product page on Amazon just now, it showed such an adapter as an item "frequently bought with this one". Just a caution: we used this during a driving trip in Portugal last year, and while I was glad we had it, it was painfully dated in places. Portugal has been aggressively building lots of beautiful new highways, and Garmin apparently doesn't know about all of them yet. If I were doing our trip over, I would still use this, but I would also get a quality current paper map (e.g,. Michelin) and plan my routes ahead, rather than entirely relying on the Garmin to pick the best path to a destination.
Sorry I can not answer to that question. I returned because it was defective.
Yes, I just returned from Switzerland and Austria. Coverage of Austria is complete. Just beware of road construction. The unmarked detours of summer road and street construction cause the GPS to send you in circles!
Should work fine as long as you get UK maps. If you are using first in US, you need to reboot to get it to work in the UK. Reboot by shutting it off. Then while touching screen in lower right corner, turn on unit. Wait until you get reset screen. Answer and it will reboot in new locations. Here is a youtube video...https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d3hmRS91oOY
It should. I have the 2597LMT (North American Map) and it worked perfectly. Made an almost 1000 mi drive through Great Brittan a pleasure. Just remove the microSD card from the adapter, insert it into your Garmin and reboot. Best of luck.
Not sure when the UK maps were last updated. Ask Garmin directly on their website. They are very good at getting back. We used the current version last October and was very pleased, especially when using the thousands of rotaries in the UK. Just be careful about of a road. There they are more like paths with very high hedgerows on each side and no place to pullover.
Not sure, but I know the memory card inserts into your GPS unit, and at power on it recognizes the additional maps. The advantage to this is you can move the card from one GPS unit to another. With the software, you have to connect your GPS to your computer and upload the map, and it's licensed only to that GPS unit. If you buy another GPS unit, you have to buy the software again, but the card can be moved. Hope this helps
Yes
Yes it wil work
I don't have the same model, but on our trip to Italy, it was indispensable.
No , it will not. Thank you,
Micro sd inside an sd adaptor was provided to me (though the CSR did try repeatedly to persuade me to do an internet download) rather than have them send physical SIMM in the mail.
Yes, I just returned from Switzerland and Austria. Coverage of Austria is complete. Just beware of road construction. The unmarked detours of summer road and street construction cause the GPS to send you in circles!
Should work fine as long as you get UK maps. If you are using first in US, you need to reboot to get it to work in the UK. Reboot by shutting it off. Then while touching screen in lower right corner, turn on unit. Wait until you get reset screen. Answer and it will reboot in new locations. Here is a youtube video...https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d3hmRS91oOY
It should. I have the 2597LMT (North American Map) and it worked perfectly. Made an almost 1000 mi drive through Great Brittan a pleasure. Just remove the microSD card from the adapter, insert it into your Garmin and reboot. Best of luck.
Not sure when the UK maps were last updated. Ask Garmin directly on their website. They are very good at getting back. We used the current version last October and was very pleased, especially when using the thousands of rotaries in the UK. Just be careful about of a road. There they are more like paths with very high hedgerows on each side and no place to pullover.
Not sure, but I know the memory card inserts into your GPS unit, and at power on it recognizes the additional maps. The advantage to this is you can move the card from one GPS unit to another. With the software, you have to connect your GPS to your computer and upload the map, and it's licensed only to that GPS unit. If you buy another GPS unit, you have to buy the software again, but the card can be moved. Hope this helps
Yes
Yes it wil work
I don't have the same model, but on our trip to Italy, it was indispensable.
No , it will not. Thank you,
Micro sd inside an sd adaptor was provided to me (though the CSR did try repeatedly to persuade me to do an internet download) rather than have them send physical SIMM in the mail.
Yes Iceland is included. I have not yet checked how good it is there. I will be in Iceland this summer so we will see. I have not checked for updates so I don't know if there are some available.
The way to tell for sure is to find the same product on the Garmin site, where there is a very long list of compatible devices (most if not all of the ones that have a micro-SD slot). I'm sorry I didn't notice the 1350, but it does support my Nuvi 2555LM.
The date on the envelope sleeve is 2010. From my experience it is good enough for even now (2013).
The maps on my card were 2010. We used it in 2013 and had to work around several areas of Norway. With the adapting of those countries to EU standards you will see a number of changes and with construction, particularly in Norway, I suggest you pay the extra for a new chip.
Iceland was not included in mine.
This map actually didnt work when my wife and i went to Iceland last year. We had to rent a GPS from the Budget Rental Car place and didnt have a problem with theirs.
We have a nuvi 1350. On the left hand side is a slot for inserting the microSD card that contains the Nordics data. Just insert and turn on the garmin. There is no downloading required.
The Nordics Navigator is the only non-US/Canada map set we have used, so I can't help you there.
I want to know this, too. Because that's the country I need first!
Yes, I just returned from Switzerland and Austria. Coverage of Austria is complete. Just beware of road construction. The unmarked detours of summer road and street construction cause the GPS to send you in circles!
Should work fine as long as you get UK maps. If you are using first in US, you need to reboot to get it to work in the UK. Reboot by shutting it off. Then while touching screen in lower right corner, turn on unit. Wait until you get reset screen. Answer and it will reboot in new locations. Here is a youtube video...https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d3hmRS91oOY
It should. I have the 2597LMT (North American Map) and it worked perfectly. Made an almost 1000 mi drive through Great Brittan a pleasure. Just remove the microSD card from the adapter, insert it into your Garmin and reboot. Best of luck.
Not sure when the UK maps were last updated. Ask Garmin directly on their website. They are very good at getting back. We used the current version last October and was very pleased, especially when using the thousands of rotaries in the UK. Just be careful about of a road. There they are more like paths with very high hedgerows on each side and no place to pullover.
Not sure, but I know the memory card inserts into your GPS unit, and at power on it recognizes the additional maps. The advantage to this is you can move the card from one GPS unit to another. With the software, you have to connect your GPS to your computer and upload the map, and it's licensed only to that GPS unit. If you buy another GPS unit, you have to buy the software again, but the card can be moved. Hope this helps
Yes
Yes it wil work
I don't have the same model, but on our trip to Italy, it was indispensable.
No , it will not. Thank you,
Micro sd inside an sd adaptor was provided to me (though the CSR did try repeatedly to persuade me to do an internet download) rather than have them send physical SIMM in the mail.
Calendar Creator will do this if you set it up correctly.
I don't know what a colander planner is. What I can tell you is that I did not use this software, but instead went to an on-line service to create my astrology calendars - love the on-line capability.
Calendar Creator is not automatic. You do need to enter birthdays, anniversaries etc each year.
this item did not arrive. The sellers tell me that it was mailed. My post office told me that it did not arrive. My post office gave me four different forms that had to be filled out and said that they would follow up.
will this version of Calendar Creator 12 Essentials By Broderbund work with Windows 8
Calendar Creator will do this if you set it up correctly.
I don't know what a colander planner is. What I can tell you is that I did not use this software, but instead went to an on-line service to create my astrology calendars - love the on-line capability.
Calendar Creator is not automatic. You do need to enter birthdays, anniversaries etc each year.
this item did not arrive. The sellers tell me that it was mailed. My post office told me that it did not arrive. My post office gave me four different forms that had to be filled out and said that they would follow up.
will this version of Calendar Creator 12 Essentials By Broderbund work with Windows 8
Calendar Creator will do this if you set it up correctly.
I don't know what a colander planner is. What I can tell you is that I did not use this software, but instead went to an on-line service to create my astrology calendars - love the on-line capability.
Calendar Creator is not automatic. You do need to enter birthdays, anniversaries etc each year.
this item did not arrive. The sellers tell me that it was mailed. My post office told me that it did not arrive. My post office gave me four different forms that had to be filled out and said that they would follow up.
will this version of Calendar Creator 12 Essentials By Broderbund work with Windows 8
It was made before the operating system came out. Sorry.
Gerry: I've got it installed on WINDOWS 7...but never use it. I'm using it on my WINDOWS XP (another computer) and it works just fine. I've had problems installing on "7"....and if that's the only thing you have.....good luck. I was just patient and kept at it after "7" was telling me to forgot it. But I did get a correct install.
Don't know what you wanna know....but I've been using PICTURE IT for many years and completely satisfied compared to the newer "photo" programs. If you can find a copy and load it into a system that will accept it....good freakin' luck.
yeah it does. lots of them.
I'm pretty sure whatever changes Apple has in mind for GB they won't be making their sounds instruments and samples incompatible with their new iterations of the application. Pretty sure they own it all and don't have to pay further licensing. This first jam pack keeps working as I upgrade, and I expect it will work even when I bump up to GB '11. Wish I could say authoritatively but if it doesn't work it will be a deviation from past practice.
The installer is an apple application. if you can get to the sound files they can work in windows. It's a lot of trouble, you could track down windows sound files easier probably. Most of the Jam Pack loops use the aif. or .caf file extension. The .aif Audio file type can be opened using the following programs: Windows: Nullsoft Winamp Media Player 5.6, Apple QuickTime Player, Apple iTunes, Microsoft Windows Media Player, Adobe Audition CS6, Roxio Creator NXT Pro, DVDVideoSoft Free Audio Converter Mac: Apple QuickTime Player, Apple iTunes, Roxio Toast 11, Adobe Audition CS6, Apple GarageBand '11, Cog. There seem to be .caf converters for windows that changes .caf to mp3. You might consider a mac mini.
Comes as a disc(s) in a cardboard box, shrink-wrapped if new
These jam packs no longer able to be installed on any operating system after lion/mountain lion... my macbook pro has snow leopard (which is old) there is a somewhat in depth process to install it manually, if you open the contents of the cd there is a file called "tiger" and that is a compatible install... however, I wish someone saved me a lot of money and just told me to buy the program "Main Stage 3" for 29.99, because once you install that, you can download every jam pack as additional content, instruments and loops... so if you don't have any of the jam packs yet, you can get them all with that program, hope this helps
yeah it does. lots of them.
I'm pretty sure whatever changes Apple has in mind for GB they won't be making their sounds instruments and samples incompatible with their new iterations of the application. Pretty sure they own it all and don't have to pay further licensing. This first jam pack keeps working as I upgrade, and I expect it will work even when I bump up to GB '11. Wish I could say authoritatively but if it doesn't work it will be a deviation from past practice.
The installer is an apple application. if you can get to the sound files they can work in windows. It's a lot of trouble, you could track down windows sound files easier probably. Most of the Jam Pack loops use the aif. or .caf file extension. The .aif Audio file type can be opened using the following programs: Windows: Nullsoft Winamp Media Player 5.6, Apple QuickTime Player, Apple iTunes, Microsoft Windows Media Player, Adobe Audition CS6, Roxio Creator NXT Pro, DVDVideoSoft Free Audio Converter Mac: Apple QuickTime Player, Apple iTunes, Roxio Toast 11, Adobe Audition CS6, Apple GarageBand '11, Cog. There seem to be .caf converters for windows that changes .caf to mp3. You might consider a mac mini.
Comes as a disc(s) in a cardboard box, shrink-wrapped if new
These jam packs no longer able to be installed on any operating system after lion/mountain lion... my macbook pro has snow leopard (which is old) there is a somewhat in depth process to install it manually, if you open the contents of the cd there is a file called "tiger" and that is a compatible install... however, I wish someone saved me a lot of money and just told me to buy the program "Main Stage 3" for 29.99, because once you install that, you can download every jam pack as additional content, instruments and loops... so if you don't have any of the jam packs yet, you can get them all with that program, hope this helps
yeah it does. lots of them.
I'm pretty sure whatever changes Apple has in mind for GB they won't be making their sounds instruments and samples incompatible with their new iterations of the application. Pretty sure they own it all and don't have to pay further licensing. This first jam pack keeps working as I upgrade, and I expect it will work even when I bump up to GB '11. Wish I could say authoritatively but if it doesn't work it will be a deviation from past practice.
The installer is an apple application. if you can get to the sound files they can work in windows. It's a lot of trouble, you could track down windows sound files easier probably. Most of the Jam Pack loops use the aif. or .caf file extension. The .aif Audio file type can be opened using the following programs: Windows: Nullsoft Winamp Media Player 5.6, Apple QuickTime Player, Apple iTunes, Microsoft Windows Media Player, Adobe Audition CS6, Roxio Creator NXT Pro, DVDVideoSoft Free Audio Converter Mac: Apple QuickTime Player, Apple iTunes, Roxio Toast 11, Adobe Audition CS6, Apple GarageBand '11, Cog. There seem to be .caf converters for windows that changes .caf to mp3. You might consider a mac mini.
Comes as a disc(s) in a cardboard box, shrink-wrapped if new
These jam packs no longer able to be installed on any operating system after lion/mountain lion... my macbook pro has snow leopard (which is old) there is a somewhat in depth process to install it manually, if you open the contents of the cd there is a file called "tiger" and that is a compatible install... however, I wish someone saved me a lot of money and just told me to buy the program "Main Stage 3" for 29.99, because once you install that, you can download every jam pack as additional content, instruments and loops... so if you don't have any of the jam packs yet, you can get them all with that program, hope this helps
yeah it does. lots of them.
I'm pretty sure whatever changes Apple has in mind for GB they won't be making their sounds instruments and samples incompatible with their new iterations of the application. Pretty sure they own it all and don't have to pay further licensing. This first jam pack keeps working as I upgrade, and I expect it will work even when I bump up to GB '11. Wish I could say authoritatively but if it doesn't work it will be a deviation from past practice.
The installer is an apple application. if you can get to the sound files they can work in windows. It's a lot of trouble, you could track down windows sound files easier probably. Most of the Jam Pack loops use the aif. or .caf file extension. The .aif Audio file type can be opened using the following programs: Windows: Nullsoft Winamp Media Player 5.6, Apple QuickTime Player, Apple iTunes, Microsoft Windows Media Player, Adobe Audition CS6, Roxio Creator NXT Pro, DVDVideoSoft Free Audio Converter Mac: Apple QuickTime Player, Apple iTunes, Roxio Toast 11, Adobe Audition CS6, Apple GarageBand '11, Cog. There seem to be .caf converters for windows that changes .caf to mp3. You might consider a mac mini.
Comes as a disc(s) in a cardboard box, shrink-wrapped if new
These jam packs no longer able to be installed on any operating system after lion/mountain lion... my macbook pro has snow leopard (which is old) there is a somewhat in depth process to install it manually, if you open the contents of the cd there is a file called "tiger" and that is a compatible install... however, I wish someone saved me a lot of money and just told me to buy the program "Main Stage 3" for 29.99, because once you install that, you can download every jam pack as additional content, instruments and loops... so if you don't have any of the jam packs yet, you can get them all with that program, hope this helps
Yes, a full install. I don't think Apple ever did the Windows thing of getting a disc that only works with the bought computer. If they did, it was a long time ago and is not the case anymore.
It works on Intel Macs. I have one and it installed fine!
Hi, I was at the Apple Store on Tuesday and the Genius told me that I probably would not get good results with 10.5 Leopard on my iMac 800 G4. It is running at 800 MHz. We are using Tiger and have had no problems other than when we upgraded the RAM. It wouldn't take a gig- so we are at 768. It is 10.4.10 now.
I don't know. You can try it. Best to ask an Apple Store person. OS10.3 and OS10.4 are hopelessly out of date. Next month or so when the new software comes out I intend to obtain a new laptop with the latest version in it. It's the only way to own an Apple; have something that's up to date. Good luck.
I haven't the slightest idea. Suggest you contact Apple.
This version is for one computer only. You can buy the Family Pack which will let you install it on 5 computers. Im not sure if amazon sells it or not, but the manufacturers website lists it as $199.
Terrible IDVD.... Avoid it...
It looks like it will. Just google Will imovie 08 work on a G4 power pc running 10.5.8 ? There's plenty of forums and info on how to get that workin' for you. Your computer doesn't have an intel processor which makes things tricky. As for the camera, you'd have to find the right driver that will allow you to import. Google Importing video from a Sony DCR-TRV-25 camera to a G4 power pc running 10.5.8. That camera might require higher than 10.5.8 :/
This is the full version, not an update or trial.
No. i got it, and everything was a blue hue. Very disappointing.
Yes it will. Your computer has to be Mac OS X v10.4.11 or later
Yes, it is compatable.
No. This is a photo editor only. Use iPhoto instead.
Yes
Yes needs OS X 10.4 or later
Yes, I have OSX 10.9.4
I do not know. I have an old version but have never used it.
Hi i don't know how serious you are about photo editing but I have done it for years and find Photoshop Elements 6 to be excellent. I have used it for about a year now. It came out later that the one for windows so when windows came out with PE7 for windows I called adobe and asked them if it had more features in the windows version and he said that PE7 for windows was the same as PE 6 for mac because the mac version came out later it had all the new features first. It has many of the features of the much more expensive full version of photoshop. There are online tutorials to help you learn it and there is tech support. I bought it originally for under $100 and upgrades are cheaper. If you do a search you might find it cheaper. The new version of Iphoto is also very good. It comes free with the new macs or it is part of Ilife 09. I have looked into Adobe lightroom and Aperture 2 and have not been persuaded that they are necessary for me. PE6 for mac has raw support for many cameras . Hope that helps. Ron
Yes, 2.1.1 will work 10.7.x
Yes
According to this it does. http://www.pcadvisor.co.uk/reviews/software/3247060/mavis-beacon-teaches-typing-25th-anniversary-edition-review/
Not sure about Windows 8, but I have windows 7 and it works for me.
So far as I know,nothing comes with a book anymore which is why I am a frequent book buyer at Amazon. You can get new and used books there. I've had good luck with the used and usually buy more than one book on a program.
Sure.. The minimum system requirements are Windows 2000 XP. I had a mini computer that I wanted my grandkids to use so this programs worked fine. You need to have a CD drive.
No, please don't buy this thing. It is a waste of $$. Try some free on-line programs which are much better than this. A big NO on this product.
No there isn't but Manga Studio comes with a PDF format manual. Basically an electronic e-book on how to use Manga Studio. I think there is a book called Manga Studio for Dummies if you need a hard copy instruction manual.
You can either draw into the program on a sketch layer, or if you draw on paper you can scan it, either or is good. i recommend a great drawing tablet however.
More tones, and a few extra features you may find detailed in the book "manga studio for Dummies'
No there isn't but Manga Studio comes with a PDF format manual. Basically an electronic e-book on how to use Manga Studio. I think there is a book called Manga Studio for Dummies if you need a hard copy instruction manual.
You can either draw into the program on a sketch layer, or if you draw on paper you can scan it, either or is good. i recommend a great drawing tablet however.
More tones, and a few extra features you may find detailed in the book "manga studio for Dummies'
I have windows 7 vista and it worked fine but it would work in my mac.
yes, it is....
Don't know. Teachers Pay Teachers should have a clue on this.
No, it does not. I asked the author about this and understand that the freeform way ingredients can be entered does not lend itself to systematic analysis. What I have done instead is use one of the web nutrition calculators. The web calculators do restrict you to entering ingredients within the calculator's structure through drop downs and pick lists, but they seem to give a good "nutrition label" analysis. I have been using FitWatch.com for this purpose. Given the tradeoff, I'd rather have the freeform text entry in the cooking software than an occasional nutrition analysis.
Yes. I just did it. You go to the recipe list. Right click on the recipe and a drop-down menu will appear. You can then click on "copy recipe to another chapter". I have a chapter labeled Biscotti. I copied one of the recipes to the chapter labeled Cookies. It now appears in both chapters. It is so easy. If you want, on the drop-down menu is also the option to "move" a recipe to another chapter. You will love this software. It is so user-friendly. Hope this helps.
I have version 7.53 which was released on October 18, 2013. I also have Windows 8 and they both work perfectly together. The developer, Anthony, is great to work with. Almost immediately, he will respond to any of your questions. His customer service is wonderful. Also, the software is so easy to use. I have been using it for years and love it!
Home Cookin does use a registration code, but the retail version on Amazon will self-register during installation. If you have difficulties, please contact me directly from the Mountain Software web site. Thanks for your support!
Recipes you send to the cloud viewer may be viewed on any device with internet access and a web browser. Most smartphones will work fine.
It does not work on an IPad, it is not Apple compatible. It can be loaded to and will run off a flash drive on your pc laptop or desktop if you want to transfer between machines.
There is no OCR, but if your scanner has OCR, you can import the text as a recipe.
Yes, you can import from most other programs and the web.
Sorry, I don't know. I have contacted the author from time to time with questions and he responds quickly. I would suggest emailing him directly.
Home Cookin always prints recipes with the ingredients and directions side-by-side. This makes the best use of the limited space on index cards, and allows more recipes to be printed on a full page printout.
The BDAG (which I have) is an add-on module that costs extra. They have a deal where you can add on the BDAG and the HALOT O.T. lexicon in a bundle and save a substantial amount of money, as it costs way more more to buy them individually. Here is the link to the info on their website (http://store.bibleworks.com/modules.html). I hope this helps!
Joseph, I have not used WordSearch. However, looking at their web site, WordSearch appears to be more like Logos software, which I also use. Logos does some of the things that BibleWorks does, but also contains a *lot* of reference (and otherwise) books in electronic form. Preliminarily, WordSearch looks a lot like Logos. Michael
Yes. You can actually click a button on the tool bar and display your morphologically tagged Greek text in the interlinear format. So you can essentially use, as it seems from me playing around with it for a few minutes just now, any Greek text that has a morphologically tagged companion text. I would have to mess with it some more to answer more questions on it, but it does have interlinear format options, and they are even labeled as such. Again, there aren't any specific interlinear Bibles per say (such as the Jay P. Green Interlinear Bible), but there is a feature to use your desired text and display it in that type of format. I pray this helps answer your question.
I use both regularly. For fast verse lookup and for translation from the original languages, I find Bibleworks far better. For reference works Logos contains more information and resources. For ease of use, both are okay, but to use all of the features I find Logos a little unwieldy. It probably depends on the application you have in mind and your own training as to which is "better". I have personal devotions and do the fundamental work for passage research with Bibleworks, then I use Logos for commentary and reference consultation. If you want quick verse finding, Bibleworks. If you are adept at Biblical languages, Bibleworks. If you want a lot of detail from reference works and commentaries and don't mind a little more effort to find it, Logos.
Thanks for your inquiry. BibleWorks does run natively on Mac OS X Lion 10.7.4 and above; previous versions can be run in virtual machines emulating Windows. We just announced the availability of BibleWorks 10 and are in the process of updating the Amazon web site description. Please visit the BibleWorks web site for full details. Thanks! Rick Gross, Gen Mgr, BibleWorks LLC
I don't know the answer to your question. I have it loaded only on one computer, but I am assuming I would be able to installl it on multiple computers. I found the following info to ask your question. service@bibleworks.com Voice Mail: +1 (757) 627-7100 Internet and E-Mail support requests will be answered before Voice Mail support requests. I hope you find this helpful. Trude Reiser
I have Windows 7, but on their website they have BibleWorks 9 running on Windows 8, on both tablets and personal computers. Here is the link : (http://www.bibleworks.com/content/sys-req.html). Notice the first bullet point under system requirements says "Windows XP/Vista/7/8." I know it will not run on Windows RT, but it will certainly run on Windows 8. Now, I am specifically talking about BibleWorks 9, the newest version. I would email their support team if you plan on buying an older version of BibleWorks. I hope this helps! BibleWorks is a life changing product as far as Bible study is concerned, you will not regret the purchase!
According to ColorVision's website (and I think I read a review somewhere else) there are also advanced controls: http://www.colorvision.com/profis/profis_view.jsp?id=581 Under Monitor Gamma/Temp Choices Express says "Fixed" and Suite says "Multiple" I ended up ordering Suite based on this and some other reviews I found on the web. (we will see how it is)
I too was trying to find out the same thing. Found this answer in another search: Proceed as follows: Click on "Start". Hover over "Programs" and then over "Startup". Right-click on the Adobe Gamma Loader and choose "Delete" from the dialog box. This does not remove the Adobe Gamma Loader program or the Adobe Gamma Control Panel and is quite safe.
Sorry for the delay. Came here today to ask my own (different) question and only saw this today. 1. The Spyder2 Express calibrator and software creates a color profile that loads into your OS when you bootup your computer. This color profile adjusts the color settings displayed. It's important when using Spyder2 to find and remove from your OS other color profiles that may have gotten loaded, such as Adobe RGB, or a profile with imaging software, or one that came with your monitor. To see if you have a profile loaded, in WinXP, go to Start&gt;Control Panel&gt;Display&gt;Settings&gt;Advanced&gt;Color Management. 2. The Spyder2 Express is designed to be used with a computer monitor, not a TV. There are other color calibrators designed to be used with TVs (and maybe with both TVs and monitors--I don't know, I have no experience calibrating TVs). The S2E would work on a TV when it was being used as a computer display, but not when the TV was showing other material such as cable TV or a DVD, because the color profile generated by calibration is stored on the computer, not in the TV.
I'm sorry I cannot answer.
Yes. This is the old version though, you want to get the new Spyder.
I am currently trying to get it to work, the software loads fine but I cannot get the computer to recognize the sensor. I sent an email to the manufacturer, will let you know if I get a response.
According to ColorVision's website (and I think I read a review somewhere else) there are also advanced controls: http://www.colorvision.com/profis/profis_view.jsp?id=581 Under Monitor Gamma/Temp Choices Express says "Fixed" and Suite says "Multiple" I ended up ordering Suite based on this and some other reviews I found on the web. (we will see how it is)
I too was trying to find out the same thing. Found this answer in another search: Proceed as follows: Click on "Start". Hover over "Programs" and then over "Startup". Right-click on the Adobe Gamma Loader and choose "Delete" from the dialog box. This does not remove the Adobe Gamma Loader program or the Adobe Gamma Control Panel and is quite safe.
Sorry for the delay. Came here today to ask my own (different) question and only saw this today. 1. The Spyder2 Express calibrator and software creates a color profile that loads into your OS when you bootup your computer. This color profile adjusts the color settings displayed. It's important when using Spyder2 to find and remove from your OS other color profiles that may have gotten loaded, such as Adobe RGB, or a profile with imaging software, or one that came with your monitor. To see if you have a profile loaded, in WinXP, go to Start&gt;Control Panel&gt;Display&gt;Settings&gt;Advanced&gt;Color Management. 2. The Spyder2 Express is designed to be used with a computer monitor, not a TV. There are other color calibrators designed to be used with TVs (and maybe with both TVs and monitors--I don't know, I have no experience calibrating TVs). The S2E would work on a TV when it was being used as a computer display, but not when the TV was showing other material such as cable TV or a DVD, because the color profile generated by calibration is stored on the computer, not in the TV.
I'm sorry I cannot answer.
Yes. This is the old version though, you want to get the new Spyder.
I am currently trying to get it to work, the software loads fine but I cannot get the computer to recognize the sensor. I sent an email to the manufacturer, will let you know if I get a response.
For Windows 7/8 users, once you install the program, go to C:\Program Files (x86)\JumpStart\JumpStart 3rd Grade in your File Explorer. Right-click on the application JS3G2001.EXE. Click Properties. Select the Compatibility tab. At the bottom, click the button for "Change Setting for all users". Check the box for "Run this program in..." and select "Windows XP (Service Pack 3)" or the latest service pack in your selection. Click Ok then Ok and you are good to go.
sorry no
The box says yes, it needs Pentium III 1GHz and 512MB Ram or better, 32MB DirectX 9.0 video card and DirectX compatible sound card. I'm running it on Windows 7 so I don't personally know how well it works.
It states on the Amazon Product page that it is. Amazon has a customer focused business. Meaning that if you get it, don't open it. Read the box first and verify that win 98 is on there. If it is then its ok. The Amazon product page says Win98 but the actual Jumpstart website( http://shop.jumpstart.com/products/jumpstart-advanced-3rd-grade---download ) says that Win2000 and beyond is required. So this might be the earlier version which would be good for you. The one I purchased a long time ago was also Win98 compatible. Our kids absolutely loved these edutainment titles. They learned quite a bit. One other thing that was good was when they're off school for vacation and holidays, this keeps that information fresh in their minds.
My son is having trouble with that too. He finally got Polly to accept one. Now at least he knows it can be done. Make sure you turn the sound for the correct picture on. Can you save the game? We havent figured how to save it.
you have to "install" game to your computer and then register on the website. You can "join" the website for more play but we didn't and it was fine. If memory serves, you also must have the disc in the computer to play the games. My Grandson loves these games and they have really been beneficial to his success. I just bought Jump Start for 4th grade........best of luck.
Amazon sent me an email to assist with the question. I'm not sure if it will work for Windows 7...but they have their own website that typically gives a ton of information on the the product. I used this program while homeschooling my daughter. The games they play actually grade them...so that you can send email them to the teachers and have accurate information.
For Windows 7/8 users, once you install the program, go to C:\Program Files (x86)\JumpStart\JumpStart 3rd Grade in your File Explorer. Right-click on the application JS3G2001.EXE. Click Properties. Select the Compatibility tab. At the bottom, click the button for "Change Setting for all users". Check the box for "Run this program in..." and select "Windows XP (Service Pack 3)" or the latest service pack in your selection. Click Ok then Ok and you are good to go.
sorry no
The box says yes, it needs Pentium III 1GHz and 512MB Ram or better, 32MB DirectX 9.0 video card and DirectX compatible sound card. I'm running it on Windows 7 so I don't personally know how well it works.
It states on the Amazon Product page that it is. Amazon has a customer focused business. Meaning that if you get it, don't open it. Read the box first and verify that win 98 is on there. If it is then its ok. The Amazon product page says Win98 but the actual Jumpstart website( http://shop.jumpstart.com/products/jumpstart-advanced-3rd-grade---download ) says that Win2000 and beyond is required. So this might be the earlier version which would be good for you. The one I purchased a long time ago was also Win98 compatible. Our kids absolutely loved these edutainment titles. They learned quite a bit. One other thing that was good was when they're off school for vacation and holidays, this keeps that information fresh in their minds.
My son is having trouble with that too. He finally got Polly to accept one. Now at least he knows it can be done. Make sure you turn the sound for the correct picture on. Can you save the game? We havent figured how to save it.
you have to "install" game to your computer and then register on the website. You can "join" the website for more play but we didn't and it was fine. If memory serves, you also must have the disc in the computer to play the games. My Grandson loves these games and they have really been beneficial to his success. I just bought Jump Start for 4th grade........best of luck.
Amazon sent me an email to assist with the question. I'm not sure if it will work for Windows 7...but they have their own website that typically gives a ton of information on the the product. I used this program while homeschooling my daughter. The games they play actually grade them...so that you can send email them to the teachers and have accurate information.
I had a professional install it ( he said it was tricky) but it did work.
No
yes
Probably. Need to ask the seller. Multiple licenses are usually labeled as such.
Not without using a program allowing a virtual xp or windows 7 running..
Yes
Mine came with everything included, I didn't have to contact auto desk at all. I have been up and running for three months.
I haven't tried it yet. It only asks for a serial number when loading so I'm not sure why you couldn't. I will try it this weekend when I get home to find out.
I have it working on XP and read that it will work with Windows 7 (only on a 32 bit formated computer). I'm doubtful of Windows 8 working.
LT is a light version. However, I received full blown autocad 2007 when ordering this project, not lt. No idea why and I'm not arguing, as it loaded and works. I did get one warning that there are "known compatibility issues" however, I have had no issues with a new computer running windows 7 .. good luck!
no it will not even work on windows 7
yes
Printshop is my very favourite program. I love it, and it pretty user friendly.
Yes. I typed in birds and a bunch of bird pics came up. I then typed in hummingbird and those pics came up. then I tried tropical birds, but that didn't work. The program isn't perfect, but it does what I need in day to day use. The search feature is very helpful.
I have a 2012 MacBook Pro and have upgraded to Mavericks...it works both with that and Apple's previous Program, Mountain Lion...hope that might help?
I do not know if PrintShop 2 works on a Mac OS X Maverick system. Sorry!
My Print Shop version was 3.0 to work with my Macbook Pro. Be sure your Print Shop is for Mac. When I upgraded to Yosemite, I also had to upgrade Print Shop
Yes, I believe it is.... But I am not certain! From what I gathered from my research; card printing programs on Mac leaves something to be desired.. PC are much more versitile. So, The Print Shop 2 offered the best for my needs for the price.. Best wishes!
Yes! I am using Yosemite and it works just fine.
No, this is a program for Apple's (Mac) - they do make a print shop 1 & 2 for any Microsoft run computer - Windows 8 would be fine with Print Shop either 1 or 2 for MICROSOFT
Yes
I am running Mavericks on my iMac and it works great. I just upgraded to Print Shop 3 and it works even better.
Printshop is my very favourite program. I love it, and it pretty user friendly.
Yes. I typed in birds and a bunch of bird pics came up. I then typed in hummingbird and those pics came up. then I tried tropical birds, but that didn't work. The program isn't perfect, but it does what I need in day to day use. The search feature is very helpful.
I have a 2012 MacBook Pro and have upgraded to Mavericks...it works both with that and Apple's previous Program, Mountain Lion...hope that might help?
I do not know if PrintShop 2 works on a Mac OS X Maverick system. Sorry!
My Print Shop version was 3.0 to work with my Macbook Pro. Be sure your Print Shop is for Mac. When I upgraded to Yosemite, I also had to upgrade Print Shop
Yes, I believe it is.... But I am not certain! From what I gathered from my research; card printing programs on Mac leaves something to be desired.. PC are much more versitile. So, The Print Shop 2 offered the best for my needs for the price.. Best wishes!
Yes! I am using Yosemite and it works just fine.
No, this is a program for Apple's (Mac) - they do make a print shop 1 & 2 for any Microsoft run computer - Windows 8 would be fine with Print Shop either 1 or 2 for MICROSOFT
Yes
I am running Mavericks on my iMac and it works great. I just upgraded to Print Shop 3 and it works even better.
The requirements are not quite correct. Here's what Apple recommends for the current developer seeds of Leopard: an Intel processor or a PowerPC G4 or G5 processor a DVD drive built-in FireWire at least 256 MB of RAM for a PowerPC based Mac, and 512 MB for an Intel-based Mac [I'd recommend 1 GB either way.] a built-in display or a display connected to an Apple-supplied video card supported by your computer [The Installer may not support your video card.] at least 6 GB of disk space available, or 8 GB if you install the developer tools
I bit the bullet and went ahead and ordered this and according to amazons estimated ship date it will arrive between Nov 11-16th :(
Apple has in the past offered a free upgrade for a new OS if the new system was purchased up to 3 months prior. Counting the months...July, August, September...nope, I would say you are probably out of luck for a free upgrade.
Yes, you could buy Leopard, install it on a machine running Jaguar, Panther or Tiger, not have to buy any other version of MacOSX and smile. The normal caveat is that your machine must meet the requirements to install Leopard.
Cancel the Amazon order. It specifically states that it will SHIP on October 26. Plus, I have pre-ordered video games from Amazon before and they shipped, not delivered, on the release date. Boo that. It defeats the purpose of pre ordering.
I would guess that you would receive the 10.5 version. This is what Apple has done in the past.
I am in the same boat. I know the PC processor in my PowerBook G4 won't support Snow Leopard, so I am hoping to upgrade to Leopard so I can use some peripherals that require at least OS X 10.5. I checked the requirements to run Leopard on Apple's website and it seems doable with what I have. I am only hesitant because of the price tag. Has anyone installed Leopard on a PowerBook G4?
I don't have a iMac. I think that the OS X v 10.5 leopard should be the same software for all macs. I have a Power Mac G4 and I really like the OS X version 10.5. Apple upgraded me to a OS X version 10.6. I do have problems with the 10.6 as I don't have the Intel card, so I bypass that part but like the rest. The instructions say that it's for Power Mac, iMacs, and Power Macs G5. I hope that this answers your question.
You can definitely jump over 10.4, as long as your machine is capable of running Leopard. I have done this on multiple computers at work, so yes, I can confirm that a 10.3 to 10.5 upgrade does work (just be sure to archive/install, not upgrade!)
Mark Fetherston, nobody's going to put you behind bars if you put mac os x on non mac hardware. Take it easy there! Ramiah Kandasamy, although both Mac and Windows use intel chips, there is additional hardware in mac computers to make this work. This hardware is not found in non-mac machines, so if you want to do this you can, but you have to hack things as stated previously. Do realize that by doing that, you'll void any support from apple. If you're comfortable working around a computer, you probably don't need their support anyway. If you're not that familiar with computers, either install windows (or linux, which is more difficult to use) on your machine or sell it and buy a mac. Now again, there are things you have to realize when running a mac. The world of software caters to windows first, everything else a distant second. You'll sometimes find yourself scrounging around for drivers for peripherals that come standard with windows. Sometimes, you'll have to work a little to find an equivalent piece of software. If you're into games, realize that a ton of great games simply are not made for the mac.
Yes it can. Just set up the page size(8.5 x 11) set desired margins. select typeface and size just like you would in any word processing program. This application program has a handy edit feature and spell checker. When you are ready to print just select your printer, you can also save it to a file on your computer, PDF, E-mail or any other device you may have. Just remember no everyone can open the native publisher format unless tthey have the same program. This is where a PDF file comes in handy..
Yes! I use mines to do alot of graphics.
Yes, great program but quite old now. I am now using Serif products (PagePlus) which is similar but much more uptodate.
Used PrintShop years ago on a Mac, and it was fine for what I wanted at the time. Tried Nova Publisher Pro 3 years ago, and I never needed to read the instructions (unless it was for a special function, to make sure I did it correctly) - it's very easy to use right out of the box. This is a great product for the cost - every bit as good as MS Publisher and others but for a fraction of the cost. You won't regret it.
Yes it can. Just set up the page size(8.5 x 11) set desired margins. select typeface and size just like you would in any word processing program. This application program has a handy edit feature and spell checker. When you are ready to print just select your printer, you can also save it to a file on your computer, PDF, E-mail or any other device you may have. Just remember no everyone can open the native publisher format unless tthey have the same program. This is where a PDF file comes in handy..
Yes! I use mines to do alot of graphics.
Yes, great program but quite old now. I am now using Serif products (PagePlus) which is similar but much more uptodate.
Used PrintShop years ago on a Mac, and it was fine for what I wanted at the time. Tried Nova Publisher Pro 3 years ago, and I never needed to read the instructions (unless it was for a special function, to make sure I did it correctly) - it's very easy to use right out of the box. This is a great product for the cost - every bit as good as MS Publisher and others but for a fraction of the cost. You won't regret it.
Yes it can. Just set up the page size(8.5 x 11) set desired margins. select typeface and size just like you would in any word processing program. This application program has a handy edit feature and spell checker. When you are ready to print just select your printer, you can also save it to a file on your computer, PDF, E-mail or any other device you may have. Just remember no everyone can open the native publisher format unless tthey have the same program. This is where a PDF file comes in handy..
Yes! I use mines to do alot of graphics.
Yes, great program but quite old now. I am now using Serif products (PagePlus) which is similar but much more uptodate.
Used PrintShop years ago on a Mac, and it was fine for what I wanted at the time. Tried Nova Publisher Pro 3 years ago, and I never needed to read the instructions (unless it was for a special function, to make sure I did it correctly) - it's very easy to use right out of the box. This is a great product for the cost - every bit as good as MS Publisher and others but for a fraction of the cost. You won't regret it.
My Printmaster Gold 17 would not work with Windows 8, so I am using it on another computer with Windows XP. I ordered Platinum for my Windows 8 computer and I am very unhappy with it. Most cards are without text.
I am using it with windows 7. So, Yes.
Yes you can and it's a fairly simple process. Instead, however, I would recommend going to this site and it is magnificent at creating calendars with various that you may want or need: http://www.calendarlabs.com/printable-calendar.php?template=tL1m A W Radle
Yes you can - it's rather simple. Open the PM program. A "desk top" type Print Master page will appear. There will be a series of icons across this page that do various things. In the lower right corner will be an icon for "Open My Projects" - click on that and it will open the folder with all of your saved projects.
My Printmaster Gold 17 would not work with Windows 8, so I am using it on another computer with Windows XP. I ordered Platinum for my Windows 8 computer and I am very unhappy with it. Most cards are without text.
I am using it with windows 7. So, Yes.
Yes you can and it's a fairly simple process. Instead, however, I would recommend going to this site and it is magnificent at creating calendars with various that you may want or need: http://www.calendarlabs.com/printable-calendar.php?template=tL1m A W Radle
Yes you can - it's rather simple. Open the PM program. A "desk top" type Print Master page will appear. There will be a series of icons across this page that do various things. In the lower right corner will be an icon for "Open My Projects" - click on that and it will open the folder with all of your saved projects.
I upgraded to MS Money 2007 a few years ago primarily because I was considering the new Quicken software. My thinking was that Quicken might not convert files from one of the older generation Money programs. After trying Quicken I was very dissatisfied with it and stayed with the Money 2007. Conversion of older version information was no problem. I use this software on two computers, one with XP and the other with Vista. Works fine on both and I email myself the backup file from one to the other each time I update on one or the other computer. Good thing, because I have noticed that on occasion Money 2007 reverts back to the new user state and I don't know why. The emailed file updates come in handy when this happens because I can do a file restore from the emailed copy of the saved file. I wish Microsoft would reconsider getting back into this market as they had a superior product. No Quicken fan.
That product is no longer supported by Microsoft so it probably will not run on Windows 8. I switched to Quicken over 2 years ago.
Microsoft Money has been replaced by Quicken, as Microsoft sunseted Microsoft Money in 2011. For additional information, see http://support.microsoft.com/kb/2118008
The price on the Microsoft website is exactly $20 more than the price on the Amazon website, so it appears that Amazon is getting the benefit of the rebate and then passing it along to its customers.
Does anyone know whether the full version purchased on Amazon is Vista compatible. The version from MS website is double the price.
It doesn't work for the rebate that I can find. If you go to the rebate site at http://rebatestatus.microsoft.young-america.com it asks for the box-top numbers and then says they don't work. Only "marked" boxes work, but Amazon doesn't tell you one way or the other. Seems no match.
I doubt it...but....I would not even try. The software is no longer supported and it is obsolete. My on-line updating ceased on August 21, 2013. Best to move ahead...perhaps Quicken.
I upgraded to MS Money 2007 a few years ago primarily because I was considering the new Quicken software. My thinking was that Quicken might not convert files from one of the older generation Money programs. After trying Quicken I was very dissatisfied with it and stayed with the Money 2007. Conversion of older version information was no problem. I use this software on two computers, one with XP and the other with Vista. Works fine on both and I email myself the backup file from one to the other each time I update on one or the other computer. Good thing, because I have noticed that on occasion Money 2007 reverts back to the new user state and I don't know why. The emailed file updates come in handy when this happens because I can do a file restore from the emailed copy of the saved file. I wish Microsoft would reconsider getting back into this market as they had a superior product. No Quicken fan.
That product is no longer supported by Microsoft so it probably will not run on Windows 8. I switched to Quicken over 2 years ago.
Microsoft Money has been replaced by Quicken, as Microsoft sunseted Microsoft Money in 2011. For additional information, see http://support.microsoft.com/kb/2118008
The price on the Microsoft website is exactly $20 more than the price on the Amazon website, so it appears that Amazon is getting the benefit of the rebate and then passing it along to its customers.
Does anyone know whether the full version purchased on Amazon is Vista compatible. The version from MS website is double the price.
It doesn't work for the rebate that I can find. If you go to the rebate site at http://rebatestatus.microsoft.young-america.com it asks for the box-top numbers and then says they don't work. Only "marked" boxes work, but Amazon doesn't tell you one way or the other. Seems no match.
I doubt it...but....I would not even try. The software is no longer supported and it is obsolete. My on-line updating ceased on August 21, 2013. Best to move ahead...perhaps Quicken.
Absolutely better. Boot Camp uses both processor cores and all your RAM, whereas Parallels cannot.
I had the same problem. After purchasing Parallels 2.5 in March 2007 from Amazon and carefully sending in all the requisite materials no rebate appeared in my mailbox. A call to Nova informed me that they had indeed received my materials, but one item was "missing" (they claim the UPC from the retail box) and thus no rebate. Parallels is a decent application, but I don't believe that Nova is honestly fulfilling their rebate offers. Caveat emptor!
I would like to know how you ran Parallels on a G4 machine. The box says it is only compatible with Intel-based Macs. Parallels has a snapshot feature. If you get infected with a virus, you can always revert back to the last snapshot before the infection. Hint: take a snapshot after setting up Windows without a network connection, and after configuring it the way you like it. Then go onto the internet. A full install of the Parallels toolset opens up access to the Mac disc drives. Although a Windows virus would not infect the Mac environment via Parallels, it is possible that using an infected Windows Word to edit a Word doc on the Mac would definitely lead to a Macro virus infection of .doc files on the Mac. Sharing such a file with your correspondents would send them the virus, and they would then be infected. Also, Trojan Horses can execute code that can have devastating effects, especially if targetting the Mac. I am not aware of any of this type, but there is always a first time...
Get Parallel 3.0 build 5582, which was release on 12/5/07. Earlier builds were not fully compatible with Leopard. I purchased an earlier build of 3.0 and parallel would not even start w/ Leopard. This problem has been reported on the web by other users. I upgraded to 5582, and it works beautifully. MCHP
nope its the release before
I think the answer is yes. I'm running vista without any problems. Ofice should also work. you might want to [post your question in the mac support forums: http://discussions.apple.com/index.jspa or the parallels forums: http://forum.parallels.com/ where you will get a more expert answer
E. Marcucci, I was had a similar situation where I wanted to run real Windows applications. I originally purchased Parallels because I really like the graphic implementation however after 2 unexpected crashes I ended up returning it. The biggest problem I had with Parallels is they have horrid support. Honestly, the support is what really did me in. When I posted to the Parallels I never got a straight answer from a Parallel employee. I ended up sending a private message to one I found and he was helpful but it was a little late. Additionally, e-mail support was terrible and could never get a straight answer about how to return the product. I went with VMWare and have been happy. I was able to successfully use VMWare converter that converted my old Thinkpad laptop to a VMWare image and dump it on the Mac. It work with it every day. My company only support Windows operating system and never had any problem with the converted image. This is one opinion but the choice is yours. Parallels lost a customer with their lack of product support. Thanks
no. Only Intel-based macs. my older mac, a G4 (PPC) gets an error during install saying you must have an intel processor. Sorry
Don't bother. Highly specialized apps (like those in CS3) you want to run natively. And the mac version is very good. Call Adobe; they DO offer a cross-platform upgrade (there is cost, but it's significantly less than buying a new product). You'll be much happier in the long run, and save time running them natively.
the version on amazon of parallels doesnt even support games in windows, so I would recommend bootcamp. The new version of parallels (3.0) does support games, but you will experience much better gaming performance if you run windows from bootcamp
Absolutely better. Boot Camp uses both processor cores and all your RAM, whereas Parallels cannot.
I had the same problem. After purchasing Parallels 2.5 in March 2007 from Amazon and carefully sending in all the requisite materials no rebate appeared in my mailbox. A call to Nova informed me that they had indeed received my materials, but one item was "missing" (they claim the UPC from the retail box) and thus no rebate. Parallels is a decent application, but I don't believe that Nova is honestly fulfilling their rebate offers. Caveat emptor!
I would like to know how you ran Parallels on a G4 machine. The box says it is only compatible with Intel-based Macs. Parallels has a snapshot feature. If you get infected with a virus, you can always revert back to the last snapshot before the infection. Hint: take a snapshot after setting up Windows without a network connection, and after configuring it the way you like it. Then go onto the internet. A full install of the Parallels toolset opens up access to the Mac disc drives. Although a Windows virus would not infect the Mac environment via Parallels, it is possible that using an infected Windows Word to edit a Word doc on the Mac would definitely lead to a Macro virus infection of .doc files on the Mac. Sharing such a file with your correspondents would send them the virus, and they would then be infected. Also, Trojan Horses can execute code that can have devastating effects, especially if targetting the Mac. I am not aware of any of this type, but there is always a first time...
Get Parallel 3.0 build 5582, which was release on 12/5/07. Earlier builds were not fully compatible with Leopard. I purchased an earlier build of 3.0 and parallel would not even start w/ Leopard. This problem has been reported on the web by other users. I upgraded to 5582, and it works beautifully. MCHP
nope its the release before
I think the answer is yes. I'm running vista without any problems. Ofice should also work. you might want to [post your question in the mac support forums: http://discussions.apple.com/index.jspa or the parallels forums: http://forum.parallels.com/ where you will get a more expert answer
E. Marcucci, I was had a similar situation where I wanted to run real Windows applications. I originally purchased Parallels because I really like the graphic implementation however after 2 unexpected crashes I ended up returning it. The biggest problem I had with Parallels is they have horrid support. Honestly, the support is what really did me in. When I posted to the Parallels I never got a straight answer from a Parallel employee. I ended up sending a private message to one I found and he was helpful but it was a little late. Additionally, e-mail support was terrible and could never get a straight answer about how to return the product. I went with VMWare and have been happy. I was able to successfully use VMWare converter that converted my old Thinkpad laptop to a VMWare image and dump it on the Mac. It work with it every day. My company only support Windows operating system and never had any problem with the converted image. This is one opinion but the choice is yours. Parallels lost a customer with their lack of product support. Thanks
no. Only Intel-based macs. my older mac, a G4 (PPC) gets an error during install saying you must have an intel processor. Sorry
Don't bother. Highly specialized apps (like those in CS3) you want to run natively. And the mac version is very good. Call Adobe; they DO offer a cross-platform upgrade (there is cost, but it's significantly less than buying a new product). You'll be much happier in the long run, and save time running them natively.
the version on amazon of parallels doesnt even support games in windows, so I would recommend bootcamp. The new version of parallels (3.0) does support games, but you will experience much better gaming performance if you run windows from bootcamp
Absolutely better. Boot Camp uses both processor cores and all your RAM, whereas Parallels cannot.
I had the same problem. After purchasing Parallels 2.5 in March 2007 from Amazon and carefully sending in all the requisite materials no rebate appeared in my mailbox. A call to Nova informed me that they had indeed received my materials, but one item was "missing" (they claim the UPC from the retail box) and thus no rebate. Parallels is a decent application, but I don't believe that Nova is honestly fulfilling their rebate offers. Caveat emptor!
I would like to know how you ran Parallels on a G4 machine. The box says it is only compatible with Intel-based Macs. Parallels has a snapshot feature. If you get infected with a virus, you can always revert back to the last snapshot before the infection. Hint: take a snapshot after setting up Windows without a network connection, and after configuring it the way you like it. Then go onto the internet. A full install of the Parallels toolset opens up access to the Mac disc drives. Although a Windows virus would not infect the Mac environment via Parallels, it is possible that using an infected Windows Word to edit a Word doc on the Mac would definitely lead to a Macro virus infection of .doc files on the Mac. Sharing such a file with your correspondents would send them the virus, and they would then be infected. Also, Trojan Horses can execute code that can have devastating effects, especially if targetting the Mac. I am not aware of any of this type, but there is always a first time...
Get Parallel 3.0 build 5582, which was release on 12/5/07. Earlier builds were not fully compatible with Leopard. I purchased an earlier build of 3.0 and parallel would not even start w/ Leopard. This problem has been reported on the web by other users. I upgraded to 5582, and it works beautifully. MCHP
nope its the release before
I think the answer is yes. I'm running vista without any problems. Ofice should also work. you might want to [post your question in the mac support forums: http://discussions.apple.com/index.jspa or the parallels forums: http://forum.parallels.com/ where you will get a more expert answer
E. Marcucci, I was had a similar situation where I wanted to run real Windows applications. I originally purchased Parallels because I really like the graphic implementation however after 2 unexpected crashes I ended up returning it. The biggest problem I had with Parallels is they have horrid support. Honestly, the support is what really did me in. When I posted to the Parallels I never got a straight answer from a Parallel employee. I ended up sending a private message to one I found and he was helpful but it was a little late. Additionally, e-mail support was terrible and could never get a straight answer about how to return the product. I went with VMWare and have been happy. I was able to successfully use VMWare converter that converted my old Thinkpad laptop to a VMWare image and dump it on the Mac. It work with it every day. My company only support Windows operating system and never had any problem with the converted image. This is one opinion but the choice is yours. Parallels lost a customer with their lack of product support. Thanks
no. Only Intel-based macs. my older mac, a G4 (PPC) gets an error during install saying you must have an intel processor. Sorry
Don't bother. Highly specialized apps (like those in CS3) you want to run natively. And the mac version is very good. Call Adobe; they DO offer a cross-platform upgrade (there is cost, but it's significantly less than buying a new product). You'll be much happier in the long run, and save time running them natively.
the version on amazon of parallels doesnt even support games in windows, so I would recommend bootcamp. The new version of parallels (3.0) does support games, but you will experience much better gaming performance if you run windows from bootcamp
Check the Intuit website to be sure, but it was updated for Lion and later. However, there is a fee to download that update. I personally DO NOT recommend Quicken for Mac. If you run Windows on your Mac, get the Windows version. I use iBank and it has FULL Mac support. There's also a process for converting your Quicken data.
Quicken hasn't updated their mac compatible software in a long time... You would have to check with Intuit. For my Mac I switched to iBank (available on the app store)... I imported my previous quicken data easily and was up and running quickly... This app has updated reporting features that I like...
If you are using a Mac be sure to use Quicken 2007 for Mac. Stay away from Quicken Essentials. It will not do the trick. I have used Quicken for years to track investments. I love the way it works. It gives you everything you are asking for and more. I just wish Intuit would give it more support.
I'd like to hear from some people who have tried iBank. - I mostly just need checkbook registers, but I also want to be able to follow budget/savings goals. Any experience with iBank to report?
Yes, we just bought the Quicken 2007 version and it seems to be working fine with Snow Leopard. We had to upgrade to Snow Leopard so that this year's Turbo Tax would work on our computer, and we had to upgrade our old Quicken 2004 first so it would work with Snow Leopard too. As far as we can tell, everything transferred over to Quicken 2007 perfectly, and it seems to be working fine. Good luck to you too!
I had troubles importing from one version of Quicken to another. Transfers between accounts were particularly difficult, and the newest Quicken won't handle investments at all. So I have given up on Quicken and moved to iBank.
The only people that can help you is Quicken, and I suggest you call them for tech support. It will probably cost you, but you will simply waste time and spin your wheels with their arcane system.
I had no problem upgrading to Q2007 from Q2004 and have been using it without any serious problems for +2 years. It is inferior to Q for Windows but, with the exception of a few annoying bugs and omissions (e.g. inability to handle stock spin-offs), it works for me. Like you, I am shocked at what I am reading about Q2010, which is not an upgrade of Q2007 but a completely new, bare bones product (little more than an iPhone App) that doesn't support investment accounts and thus is utterly useless to me. Come April, Intuit will no longer support Q2007 so it appears that Quicken is dead on the Mac platform. I am considering switching to iBank. It is not without its problems but it is regularly updated and is sold by a small, mac-friendly company that (unlike Intuit) cares about its customers.
There are parts of Quicken that I do not use. I use it primarily for my bank accounts, but not the stocks, etc.
I bought a new21.5 iMac and had a hard time buying Quicken also. Most of them do not work with Apple well or at all. I bought Quicken Essentials and it works great. I have been a Quicken user for a number of years. Good luck.
Yes. I've loaded and used this software on my windows 7 computer for over a year. every feature that I've needed functions seamlessly. I use it to edit photographs for engineerinig and metalurgy work. I have not used the more "artsy" features, but I'm confident in what I have done, that it will perform as designed. No worries, no regrets Good software.
I think it always did - but I have not used Vista for a long time.
Digital Image Suite 2006 (and 2006 Anniversary Edition) is version 11. I haven't seen a review specifically comparing DIS versions 9 and 11, but Paul Thurrott wrote an introductory review of Digital Image Suite 2006 that you may find helpful: http://www.winsupersite.com/reviews/dis2006.asp
I have Windows 7, which runs it just fine. Don't know about Windows 8.
I really don't know. I just used it to make wine labels. I haven't used PSPW in a long time because it does not work on my computer with Windows 7.
Will not work on new computers
does press writer include booklets
Go to this page for that information: http://recorders.com/info/articles/27/1/Digital-Recorder-Compatibility-Report-for-Dragon-NaturallySpeaking/Page1.html
It will take digital or analog input. These require "training" as seperate as any human voice, even it is your own...
Great idea! I did an interview with my late grandfather for a high school history project nearly 20 years ago and though it seemed a daunting assignment at the time, I'm very glad I did so. The cassette tape is the only recording any of us have of him, and I've found it enjoyable to listen to every few years. His story was WWII-centric, as he was a recon pilot and I was aiming for a more historically based interview. I think I had prepared about 10 questions beforehand which gave us a general direction. Of course if he wanted to go a bit off topic, who was I to say no? My advise is to bring over a couple sandwiches, a list of questions both broad and specific and just record whatever happens. Since you have the benefit of much higher technology than I did, you have the freedom to edit out dead air or (dare I say) mindless ramblings. :) Since you say she's sharp that probably won't be a problem though. Many people are a bit wary or self conscious of discussing their life with a tape recorder- start with more lighter fare before attempting to delve into more personal matters. You may want to ask them beforehand if any topics might be verbotten to them. She's not a part of the MySpace generation, understand that many things may be her business and her business alone. You most likely understand her personality and shouldn't have a problem knowing when to press for more information and when to leave a subject that might be uncomfortable for her. I'm sure there are a number of books out there on interviewing skills, but you're talking with a friend not a head of state- have a genuine talk and just see what happens. Sorry if I rambled..
http://review.zdnet.com/Dragon_NaturallySpeaking_Preferred_9 /4505-3528_16-31988682.html?subj=fdba&part=rss&tag=MR_Software Dragon 9 runs only on Windows XP or 2000 SP4 or higher, so Mac users are out of luck, and it requires 512MB of RAM and 1GB of free hard drive space. (Attempting to run Dragon with less RAM will result in a sluggish system, as we discovered in our tests on several computers.) We tested the $149 Dragon NaturallySpeaking Preferred 9. Home users who don't need support for mobile devices can opt for the $99 Standard. Offices that want to run Dragon on a network should choose Professional. Legal and Medical editions are also available.
The Standard Version will not transcribe from a voice recorder only the preferred edition. I just bought a copy of the Preferred edition & a Sony ICD-MX20 voice recorder. They work well together. I'd advise checking the support page at www.nuance.com. The accuracy of many voice recorders is listed.
There are so many alternatives: buy an amplifier for your mic. Get a new headphone mic adjust your mic settings in windows buy amplified speakers increase master volume control download new drivers for your sound device buy new computer
You should go to the KnowBrainer Speech Recognition Forum and read our four page review on version 8 vs. version 9 and have all of your questions answered by VR veterans and experts.
If your new computer uses 64 bits, you can forget it. It won't even install the program, and from what I've read, the company doesn't plan to fix the problem.
At http://www.nuance.com/naturallyspeaking/preferred/sysreqs.asp VISTA is listed as a system requirement so I am assuming, even though I couldn't find it on the box at Staples, that, at least those programs being currently produced, are indeed Vista compatible. For those who already have this version, there is a patch available to upgrqade to Vista. You need to fill out an online form with name/address/phone/e-mail to get a PIN to access the upgrade area. Once there you need to have your product code number to punch in to get the upgrade but it's well worth the effort.
I have not and can't imagine doing so as I end up correcting my dictation periodically....might work Ok though.
Yes, the basic versions are stand alone, The internet supplies some art work not available on disc.
We use Print Shop 20 for this. We use it also for educational purposes at school. It is user friendly. It does not merge with Word.
I get my photo's from my photo program on my computer after I get them onto the computer from my camera or scans. Then it is easy to put them into the print shop using the insert from file. They you find the file in your photo program or a folder in my documents if I put them there where it is easier to locate.
Yes
The product key comes with it.
No. There is a universal code that can be obtained off of the internet than can be used to open any 4.5. I'm not sure what it is but try all 1's or all 0's.
No
I have the same operating system and couldn't get 4.5 to work properly.
sorry, I don't know.
It works fine on my windows 7. It installed without any problems. I love the program for its simplicity.
Oliver, QB 2004 Pro is set to "sunset" May 31, 2007 per the Quickbooks website http://www.quickbooks.com/support/policy/sunset.html I rcvd a paper mailing from Intuit today hawking the upgrade. They did include a $20 off coupon good at several retailers, including amazon. I don't think that is much of a break for upgrading. I'm using QB Pro 2005 and I guess I'll be waiting till May 31, 2008 to upgrade :-) ...Ken
As an S-Corp with only myself, I do need to run a payroll but also find the subscription costs out of line with my need. As such, I continue to use QB4.0 for the Mac - which has and continues to run payroll with no additional costs since 1997. Although the tax table service is discontinued, I do update the tables manually to maintain current tax percentages. The 940 and 941 forms are now out of date, but the information is still correct. I transfer the numbers to the new forms manually. W2's and W3's I do online with SSA. Only runs in classic though. Hasn't been a problem until OSX 10.5. Now I'm researching options. Note: I have bought all QB upgrades through current versions for both the PC and the MAC. I have reverted back to QB4 Mac however every time because the payroll options there were just great for my needs - and have been stripped from all subsequent versions of QB since regardless of platform. Too Bad!
I THINK the answer is yes. I did see a menu item to allow you to sync with entourage.
I don't know the direct answer to this but I will say that I use windowed envelopes and simply fold statements, invoices, credit memos, checks into the windowed envelopes. It saves you a lot of effort!
What to do when Amazon not channel bill with the product purchased? Product:HP Photosmart C410a Premium Shipped via FedEx Tracking number: 468200539901 This shipment was sent to: Carlos Alexandre 1900 NW 97 AVE Suite: 720-81895 Doral, Florida 33172 United States
Oliver, QB 2004 Pro is set to "sunset" May 31, 2007 per the Quickbooks website http://www.quickbooks.com/support/policy/sunset.html I rcvd a paper mailing from Intuit today hawking the upgrade. They did include a $20 off coupon good at several retailers, including amazon. I don't think that is much of a break for upgrading. I'm using QB Pro 2005 and I guess I'll be waiting till May 31, 2008 to upgrade :-) ...Ken
As an S-Corp with only myself, I do need to run a payroll but also find the subscription costs out of line with my need. As such, I continue to use QB4.0 for the Mac - which has and continues to run payroll with no additional costs since 1997. Although the tax table service is discontinued, I do update the tables manually to maintain current tax percentages. The 940 and 941 forms are now out of date, but the information is still correct. I transfer the numbers to the new forms manually. W2's and W3's I do online with SSA. Only runs in classic though. Hasn't been a problem until OSX 10.5. Now I'm researching options. Note: I have bought all QB upgrades through current versions for both the PC and the MAC. I have reverted back to QB4 Mac however every time because the payroll options there were just great for my needs - and have been stripped from all subsequent versions of QB since regardless of platform. Too Bad!
I THINK the answer is yes. I did see a menu item to allow you to sync with entourage.
I don't know the direct answer to this but I will say that I use windowed envelopes and simply fold statements, invoices, credit memos, checks into the windowed envelopes. It saves you a lot of effort!
What to do when Amazon not channel bill with the product purchased? Product:HP Photosmart C410a Premium Shipped via FedEx Tracking number: 468200539901 This shipment was sent to: Carlos Alexandre 1900 NW 97 AVE Suite: 720-81895 Doral, Florida 33172 United States
Oliver, QB 2004 Pro is set to "sunset" May 31, 2007 per the Quickbooks website http://www.quickbooks.com/support/policy/sunset.html I rcvd a paper mailing from Intuit today hawking the upgrade. They did include a $20 off coupon good at several retailers, including amazon. I don't think that is much of a break for upgrading. I'm using QB Pro 2005 and I guess I'll be waiting till May 31, 2008 to upgrade :-) ...Ken
As an S-Corp with only myself, I do need to run a payroll but also find the subscription costs out of line with my need. As such, I continue to use QB4.0 for the Mac - which has and continues to run payroll with no additional costs since 1997. Although the tax table service is discontinued, I do update the tables manually to maintain current tax percentages. The 940 and 941 forms are now out of date, but the information is still correct. I transfer the numbers to the new forms manually. W2's and W3's I do online with SSA. Only runs in classic though. Hasn't been a problem until OSX 10.5. Now I'm researching options. Note: I have bought all QB upgrades through current versions for both the PC and the MAC. I have reverted back to QB4 Mac however every time because the payroll options there were just great for my needs - and have been stripped from all subsequent versions of QB since regardless of platform. Too Bad!
I THINK the answer is yes. I did see a menu item to allow you to sync with entourage.
I don't know the direct answer to this but I will say that I use windowed envelopes and simply fold statements, invoices, credit memos, checks into the windowed envelopes. It saves you a lot of effort!
What to do when Amazon not channel bill with the product purchased? Product:HP Photosmart C410a Premium Shipped via FedEx Tracking number: 468200539901 This shipment was sent to: Carlos Alexandre 1900 NW 97 AVE Suite: 720-81895 Doral, Florida 33172 United States
Oliver, QB 2004 Pro is set to "sunset" May 31, 2007 per the Quickbooks website http://www.quickbooks.com/support/policy/sunset.html I rcvd a paper mailing from Intuit today hawking the upgrade. They did include a $20 off coupon good at several retailers, including amazon. I don't think that is much of a break for upgrading. I'm using QB Pro 2005 and I guess I'll be waiting till May 31, 2008 to upgrade :-) ...Ken
As an S-Corp with only myself, I do need to run a payroll but also find the subscription costs out of line with my need. As such, I continue to use QB4.0 for the Mac - which has and continues to run payroll with no additional costs since 1997. Although the tax table service is discontinued, I do update the tables manually to maintain current tax percentages. The 940 and 941 forms are now out of date, but the information is still correct. I transfer the numbers to the new forms manually. W2's and W3's I do online with SSA. Only runs in classic though. Hasn't been a problem until OSX 10.5. Now I'm researching options. Note: I have bought all QB upgrades through current versions for both the PC and the MAC. I have reverted back to QB4 Mac however every time because the payroll options there were just great for my needs - and have been stripped from all subsequent versions of QB since regardless of platform. Too Bad!
I THINK the answer is yes. I did see a menu item to allow you to sync with entourage.
I don't know the direct answer to this but I will say that I use windowed envelopes and simply fold statements, invoices, credit memos, checks into the windowed envelopes. It saves you a lot of effort!
What to do when Amazon not channel bill with the product purchased? Product:HP Photosmart C410a Premium Shipped via FedEx Tracking number: 468200539901 This shipment was sent to: Carlos Alexandre 1900 NW 97 AVE Suite: 720-81895 Doral, Florida 33172 United States
I'm searching that myself... Any luck?
No, this particular review is the PC version. Look up office mac 2011
No. This is the full version. You may have to call Microsoft to get them to re-set your Serial Number. One suggestion. Make sure your OS is up to date before you start installing core programs including MS Office. If you're running Windows 7, everything should work fine. MS Tech Supports number is (800) 892-5234.
I had MOU 7 installed in my windows 7 pro before going to windows 8. Side note the program will not work with windows 8.
No, not legally. Sorry. Check with the seller.....best buy, etc.
Yes
Absolutely- I have 64 bit and have had no problems with it at all.
Yes, it works very good
This package comes with CDs. You will need either a CDrom or DVD drive to install.
ONCE, ONE COMPUTER. 2007? Is there not a later version? It's a mighty big package. Do you really need all that? good luck. GB
This is the ULTIMATE edition. The most expensive version. Just like the Corporate edition is now. There will be 2 or 3 other versions, starting at around $120 I believe! Equivelent of XP home edition. 250 for the pro edition. It is the RETAIL version
I don't think so, average UNIX admin makes more money that average Windows admin. Unix servers may look cheap to deploy but very expensive to maintain.
Full = You can install Vista from clean (formatted) hard drive, Upgrade = You have to install Vista on top of a XP install. The end result is the same.
It's true that both versions are supposed to be available on the same disc. Supposedly it should ask you on the first screen whether you want to install the 64bit or 32bit version after it checks to see if you have a 64bit processor. Otherwise it just gives the option for 32bit installation.
according to MS Gaming's latest issue it's unlimited as long as only on one computer(good for the case modders). -why in big brother Logan's Run has no one answered this question in 4 days??? Afraid MS will come uh knockn'? bwaak! bwaak!- for shame!
It really depends on which computer you have and what your needs are. If you have one of those IDE hard drive, I would highly recommend Microsoft Windows XP Home with SP2. I have used this operating system on computer dating back to the year 2000 and 2005. However, if you are into the latest and the greatest, then that is fine too. It really depends on your taste since Microsoft Windows Vista should be able to install on any system currently out from my humble knowledge. Source: www.hardforums.com
I think it should not be a problem to downgrade your OS. Maybe you can try Windows 7 too, should be similar to Vista.
'Let's put it this way--who is the happier person: The one who moves back and forth between two (or more) operating systems, using what they like best out of either, and knows how to get around with either, or the person who sticks with just ONE, and aggressively insults the other?' Very well put. I use linux, and just bought Vista basic a few hours ago, I had tried xp (x64 pro) even, used it some. but yes, what is wrong with using multiple systems and why insult the other systems? It's childish. This isn't religion or weather or not we have high morals, or a drug, it's an operating system. I use linux for almost everything, windows just for some games. other games work under linux like american mcgee's alice, doom 3, call of duty, descent 3, and several others.
Here's an interesting article I found on the tech-recipes Web site: http://www.tech-recipes.com/rx/1426/vista_64_bit_or_32_bit_version_x64_vs_x86 What the author said makes total sense to me. I am posting the article below: Deciding which Vista version to install can be a difficult decision and can really limit what you can do with your system. Here are practical hints which should help a user decide which version to install. I decided to write this guide after installing 64-bit and 32-bit vista systems on several test boxes. With the gaining popularity of 64-bit chipsets/processors, many users now have the ability to run either 64-bit versions (x64) or 32-bit versions (x86) of software and operating systems. However, if you only have a 32-bit processor, your choice is easy... You can only install the x64 version of Vista if you have a 64-bit processor. For those with 64-bit processors, it seems obvious that installing the x64 version of vista would be ideal. The x64 version has increased security based around the 64-bit structure and programs compiled for 64-bit processors will likely run faster. What's the problem with installing Vista x64 on a 64-bit system? 1. Most hardware does not currently have 64-bit drivers. Out of all the boxes that I have installed x64 Vista on, I could always get it to boot up. However, the lack of 64-bit drivers for many hardware devices typically left me without any chance of burning DVDs or listening to audio. Networking devices and card readers were frequently not supported as well. Vista x64 is pretty but it's not very fun without network access or audio. 2. In Vista x64, any driver that is not properly signed will not be able to enter the kernel and will fail to load. Think how many times you have ignored that warning that a certain hardware driver is not properly signed. With vista x64, if your driver has not be blessed by Microsoft, it will not work. Forget about it. I have tired to get around this by booting with the F8 option Disable Driver Signature. It doesn't make a difference. 3. Vista x64 currently does not backward support most x86 (32-bit) drivers. For the most part 64-bit systems run 32-bit applications very well. However, vista x64 doesn't run x86 drivers... at least at this stage. 4. Vista x64 does not support 16-bit software. You may think that you never, ever run 16-bit software. However, XP actually handles this legacy fairly well. 5. Very little x64 software currently exists. x64 software runs better on a x64 system with an x64 OS. Currently, however, there is very little x64 software out there. If you have that magical combination, you do get a nice performance boost. Currently, however, this combination is way to far ahead of the curve. Conclusion: Most users with 64-bit hardware should install the 32-bit (x86) version of Vista. Vista x64 is the turning point for operating systems as they transition to 64-bit. Currently, however, the majority of users will be very disappointed by installing Vista x64. The lack of 64-bit drivers for most current hardware will be very disappointing and frustrating to most users. Why push for 64-bit now anyway? The performance gains promised by 64-bit will not be seen for years until 64-bit compiled versions of software is the norm.
It is one install per CD-KEY. period. the closest thing microsoft has to a "family" license is that if you buy the ultimate edition, you can buy (from january to June) two additional licenses for premium edition for $50 each. per this article from Daily Tech. http://www.dailytech.com/Microsoft+Reveals+Downloadable+Vista+Office/article5762.htm The third part of Microsoft's announcement today reveals a limited-time offer for customers who buy retail copies of Windows Vista Ultimate. From January 30 through June 30, the Windows Vista Family Discount will allow North American customers to license two additional copies of Windows Vista Home Premium for use on other PCs in the home at the reduced price of $49.99 each. Before completing the order online, customers will need to enter one valid full or upgrade Windows Vista Ultimate key from their retail boxed product. After eligibility is verified online, the customer can purchase licenses to install Windows Vista Home Premium on one or two additional Windows-based computers.
The upgrade versions will let you perform a clean install, only it will ask you to insert the genuine CD of an older OS during installation to verify you are actually upgrading. Microsoft certainly isn't going to take your word that you already have a copy! Save your money and buy the upgrade versions.
Your purchase has been divided into 2 orders. Amazon should not have the right to do that. I bundled on purpose to get a certain carrier. One package was delivered timely from UPS. The other I am still waiting on. Amazon decided to send it KINDLE their own product USPS.. ITs been sitting in Hayword, CA the past 5 days. The reason i bundled was to avoid USPS.. AMAZON I ask YOU.......WHO gave you the right to UNBUNDLE my order and use a shipping service i never wanted to use? WAY PISSeD off
Dear Dr. Nick, Thanks a lot for this fine question! All versions, 32 Bit and 64 Bit Editions, are delivered on a single DVD. However, the Microsoft Windows Vista Starter Edition is delivered only in 32 Bit version I think if my memory is good! Well, I have 16 Go of memory in my computer so I should have a good memory... When you buy a licence for an Edition (the Business one for instance), you can install the 32 Bit or the 64 Bit Edition as well (only one install at a time). I saw today the Vista RTM for Entreprise and it rocks!!! Best Regards. Vincent Courtois, France.
No; this is a single license for a single PC. And at the cost of buying the software, unless you've got a really new PC, it's probably better just to order a new one that ships with Vista if you're shooting for the Ultimate edition. Case in point, you can order a dual-core desktop from Dell for around $580 with a free upgrade to Vista Business. Or you can buy vista ultimate for $400. The computer is the more expensive route (obviously), but Microsoft has decided it's more fun to screw over the computer enthusiast who builds his own computers than it is to provide fair pricing. There's no way Dell is paying anywhere near the recommended retail cost of Vista. Anyway, I've rambled. You'll need a separate copy of Vista for each computer.
I had my doubts at first. But, considering the frustration of dealing with Vista, I decided to put my DSL connection to work and downloaded the Dapper Drake Ubuntu .ISO distro. Oh, wow! I remember back in the days when there were such things as self-booting OS diskettes (I remember the ol' daze of DOS). Booting from the resulting burned CD is just so cool in which you can play around with the desktop and THEN decide if you want to commit. The Ubuntu LiveCD detected EVERYTHING I have hooked up in my USB chains without a hitch. And it just looks pretty and functions great! I may be a Linux newbie but I definitely like what I see so far. This is how it should be! And, if there's a command line that needs mastered, I can handle that for I am a DOS veteran. For ease of use this is defnitely something to check out. Heck, it even appears to run better than XP-Pro, much less Vista. More details as I continue to experiment. And, for those who want a taste of the wonders of OSS check out OpenOffice.org. I am never going back to MS-Office.
Yes, typically when installing a new operating system a clean install is recommended. Just backup all your important files/docs before because a clean install will of course clean your hard drive of all files!
Its a reply to the EU anti-trust decision. The EU decision penalized MS for a massive cost, which it will try to recoup. I think Vista standalone converted to about $600, USD, from the European costs. Standalone is $400 in the US.
You can use the new "Anytime Upgrade" feature, suggested price to upgrade from Business to Ultimate is $139 according to information release by MS on Jan 17.
Dear Guillermo S., At installation time, there is an opportunity to select the installation language. I think you cannot upgrade an existing English system to a Spanish system. You must perform a clean install. If you are buying an upgrade Edition, it does not change anything as you can perform a clean install using an upgrade Edition too. However, at installation time, it will prompt you to insert the previous OS CD-ROM to check that you had a previous Microsoft Windows. Best regards. Vincent Courtois, France.
There is actually only one disk for all versions of Vista being shipped. You have the option to install the 32 or 64 bit version, other than that the version you can install, basic, premium, ultimate, is determined by your cd key.
I was unable to use the software that I ordered because it had not for sale on the CD and it would not work on my computer. Be very careful when buying because the merchant will allow you to return the merchandise, but the merchant, evidently does not return your money.
I received two versions and each had printed on it "NOT FOR SALE." I returned the merchandise which cost me $45.00, but the merchant never refunded my money. I would not purchase from the merchant again and I have to contact Amazon again to find out what Amazon will do to get the refund.
I have never have such masochistic ideas, to even think to try such an install. It might run, but the way Microsoft recoded the graphics routines (which are a core part of Windows) make me believe it will run out of memory just after booting. It will rely heavily on "virtual memory" (which is hard disk based) and make it even slower... Seems like an old computer, that will be difficult/expensive to upgrade (RAM, Hard Disk). Dependong on your needs, you are better off using Windows XP (which wont be that fast either, but is less resource hungry tan Vista) or using something like Ubuntu...
Go to Newegg and buy it OEM
one big difference is visibility. Microsoft made the new version look more compatible with windows 8. flatter. cleaner. only 3 themes. all are gray and white. middle aged client complained that view ability was poor. I agree. installation leaves the old outlook in a crippled state. new outlook icon is vastly different. users don't recognize it.
No
Yes, everything is still working great. There was a surprise bonus as well. It worked better than advertised!
Not sure what you mean by 64 bit version. All I know is you have to have a version of Microsoft office already installed as this is just an upgrade. It won't install on a computer without an existing version of Office. I had Office 2000 on mine and this worked perfectly. Sorry, I hope this helps.
There really is no difference outside of packaging. Thank you.
The Student version of Office 7 is compatible with Windows 8.1. I've been running Word and Excel without a problem on new documents and existing work created under Windows 7.
Consider going to MS forum and asking your question. There are detailed answers that touch on your exact question and provide workable solutions.
It includes a disc for each program: Outlook, Excel, Word and Power Point
I purchased as a gift, sorry
Yes
Hello, it will work on your xp 64 bit, however, the office will run like a 32 bit application. If that's not an issue for you, then you can go ahead an install it. I've installed it without any issues on windows 7 64. On XP I install it but on the 32 bits version, but again, it will work on the 64 bit version.
Lots of very detailed info and fixes regarding this problem on the Microsoft Community site. I'd start there.
Yes, I have installed on 2 computers. You need to write down the activation code the 1st time so you can use it again for the next computer or in case you need to reinstall on your computer. I'm not sure if you would be able to use on more than 2 computers, guess you can try and see what happens.
This version will work with windows 8.0 & 8.1...Installation requires you to close your firewall and virus protection and no other versions of Microsoft Office...
The package we purchased contained the product key.
We received discs. The packaging was just discs size and not the fancy package shown. We were pleased overall.
not that I am aware of. There is Office 2007, 2010, 2013
Yes, but remove all newer versions that are loaded as a trial copy on new computers.
Its the full version. Complete standalone
Described as "2007 Full version" is the full CD version. If it was not the CD version it would be described as a license version. The copy I purchased recently was the complete CD version.
The full version
Pictures would be considered an OLE object. Just set up a field in one of the tables containing membership information as an OLE object field. Keep in mind, however, that storing images INSIDE the database (embedding) versus just storing the link to them (linking) takes up HUGE amounts of space in the database. Only embed very small images, or images that you cannot link successfully from outside the program.
Yes, but Access 2003 is much more friendly in terms of database development
Analysis for decision making
Yes, it is possible. The BEST way to do it is to simple export your data from Approach to a "standard" format, such as text or even an XLS file. Then, go into Access, create a new database, then then import the data. Richard Rost AccessLearningZone.com
The full version
Pictures would be considered an OLE object. Just set up a field in one of the tables containing membership information as an OLE object field. Keep in mind, however, that storing images INSIDE the database (embedding) versus just storing the link to them (linking) takes up HUGE amounts of space in the database. Only embed very small images, or images that you cannot link successfully from outside the program.
Yes, but Access 2003 is much more friendly in terms of database development
Analysis for decision making
Yes, it is possible. The BEST way to do it is to simple export your data from Approach to a "standard" format, such as text or even an XLS file. Then, go into Access, create a new database, then then import the data. Richard Rost AccessLearningZone.com
You can run Publisher on MAC as well as other window based programs with either of two different methods. You can bootcamp your MAC and run Windows on a portion of your hard drive, but you must boot to either the MAC OS or Windows side. THE EASIEST is to install the Parallels for MAC cost about $79.00. You then install your windows operating systems, and then you can run any Windows program side by side with your MAC programs. I love MAC but had 2 Windows programs I had to use WORKS GREAT!!
Yes, up to three I think.
Each box will list on it what it will work with, be careful to make sure you have the corresponding one...it will not work if not listed.
It runs perfectly
only way to make sure is to check the box contents and compatibility....
The simple answer is no, but it is more complicated than that. Let me explain. Microsoft Publisher makes Cards, Letters, Certificates, Brochures, fancy Letters with fancy borders, and even has a template and software to build a website from scratch and then upload/publish it to the internet and keep the website updated. MICROSOFT PUBLISHER often comes bundled with an large office suite called "Microsoft Office Suite" and probably does not necessarily have pdf capability by itself, but part of the suite called MICROSOFT WORD does cooperate with converting a word file into a pdf file by using the "save as" a "pdf" option, but I think you have to also download the latest version of ADOBE READER to be able to do all functions of pdfs such as to create, edit, and read a pdf file. Adobe Reader is a free program you can download from the internet so..... technically you can do the whole pdf thing without any part of Microsoft Office Suite, but it is much easier to use both MICROSOFT WORD and ADOBE READER together as a team because they harmonize well together.
I think you mean MS Publisher 2007...and yes, MS PUB 2007 runs fine in Win 7. I have used the program extensively without problems of any kind. In fact, I had read in advance of using MS PUB 2007 that is was likely the best version to use. So I took their advice. You can take mine as well--it works very well.
Will it work on Windows7?
2+ years ago you asked this question. I also have been using Publisher 97 for years and would like to conver to Publisher 2007. I have Windows XP (w/service Pack 3). Were you able to convert your '97' files to '2007'? I would like to open my '97' files, make changes and then save them on '2007'. Thanks for any input you can provide. Larry e-mail: llbuggie@aol.com
You can run Publisher on MAC as well as other window based programs with either of two different methods. You can bootcamp your MAC and run Windows on a portion of your hard drive, but you must boot to either the MAC OS or Windows side. THE EASIEST is to install the Parallels for MAC cost about $79.00. You then install your windows operating systems, and then you can run any Windows program side by side with your MAC programs. I love MAC but had 2 Windows programs I had to use WORKS GREAT!!
Yes, up to three I think.
Each box will list on it what it will work with, be careful to make sure you have the corresponding one...it will not work if not listed.
It runs perfectly
only way to make sure is to check the box contents and compatibility....
The simple answer is no, but it is more complicated than that. Let me explain. Microsoft Publisher makes Cards, Letters, Certificates, Brochures, fancy Letters with fancy borders, and even has a template and software to build a website from scratch and then upload/publish it to the internet and keep the website updated. MICROSOFT PUBLISHER often comes bundled with an large office suite called "Microsoft Office Suite" and probably does not necessarily have pdf capability by itself, but part of the suite called MICROSOFT WORD does cooperate with converting a word file into a pdf file by using the "save as" a "pdf" option, but I think you have to also download the latest version of ADOBE READER to be able to do all functions of pdfs such as to create, edit, and read a pdf file. Adobe Reader is a free program you can download from the internet so..... technically you can do the whole pdf thing without any part of Microsoft Office Suite, but it is much easier to use both MICROSOFT WORD and ADOBE READER together as a team because they harmonize well together.
I think you mean MS Publisher 2007...and yes, MS PUB 2007 runs fine in Win 7. I have used the program extensively without problems of any kind. In fact, I had read in advance of using MS PUB 2007 that is was likely the best version to use. So I took their advice. You can take mine as well--it works very well.
Will it work on Windows7?
2+ years ago you asked this question. I also have been using Publisher 97 for years and would like to conver to Publisher 2007. I have Windows XP (w/service Pack 3). Were you able to convert your '97' files to '2007'? I would like to open my '97' files, make changes and then save them on '2007'. Thanks for any input you can provide. Larry e-mail: llbuggie@aol.com
You can run Publisher on MAC as well as other window based programs with either of two different methods. You can bootcamp your MAC and run Windows on a portion of your hard drive, but you must boot to either the MAC OS or Windows side. THE EASIEST is to install the Parallels for MAC cost about $79.00. You then install your windows operating systems, and then you can run any Windows program side by side with your MAC programs. I love MAC but had 2 Windows programs I had to use WORKS GREAT!!
Yes, up to three I think.
Each box will list on it what it will work with, be careful to make sure you have the corresponding one...it will not work if not listed.
It runs perfectly
only way to make sure is to check the box contents and compatibility....
The simple answer is no, but it is more complicated than that. Let me explain. Microsoft Publisher makes Cards, Letters, Certificates, Brochures, fancy Letters with fancy borders, and even has a template and software to build a website from scratch and then upload/publish it to the internet and keep the website updated. MICROSOFT PUBLISHER often comes bundled with an large office suite called "Microsoft Office Suite" and probably does not necessarily have pdf capability by itself, but part of the suite called MICROSOFT WORD does cooperate with converting a word file into a pdf file by using the "save as" a "pdf" option, but I think you have to also download the latest version of ADOBE READER to be able to do all functions of pdfs such as to create, edit, and read a pdf file. Adobe Reader is a free program you can download from the internet so..... technically you can do the whole pdf thing without any part of Microsoft Office Suite, but it is much easier to use both MICROSOFT WORD and ADOBE READER together as a team because they harmonize well together.
I think you mean MS Publisher 2007...and yes, MS PUB 2007 runs fine in Win 7. I have used the program extensively without problems of any kind. In fact, I had read in advance of using MS PUB 2007 that is was likely the best version to use. So I took their advice. You can take mine as well--it works very well.
Will it work on Windows7?
2+ years ago you asked this question. I also have been using Publisher 97 for years and would like to conver to Publisher 2007. I have Windows XP (w/service Pack 3). Were you able to convert your '97' files to '2007'? I would like to open my '97' files, make changes and then save them on '2007'. Thanks for any input you can provide. Larry e-mail: llbuggie@aol.com
there is a volume license program check the Microsoft website
Upgrade edition is to upgrade your current version of Windows to Windows Vista, full version is for a complete install. Full version would be for if your version of Windows is older than the upgradeable versions (in which case your hardware is likely incompatible anyway) or if you're buying a computer that doesn't have an OS (or building one yourself) or if you want to start fresh with Windows Vista after formatting your hard disk. Remember: should you buy the upgrade version and decide to restore your computer to factory at some point, you will need to upgrade your windows version again (if you still want to use Vista)
From what I`ve read, both versions come in the same DVD. Many programs won`t work in the 64 bit version though, as they are not designed for it. See PC Magazine January for more details Regards Roberto
Tennyson said, "Well, that's it for me. If Bill Gates thinks he can make more billions by charging for a license for each PC then that's the end of the road for me." Every single version of Windows since 1.0 has been licensed this way. Windows Vista is no different. If you've been using that same (set of) Windows install disk(s) to install on multiple machines WITHOUT purchasing additional licenses, then congratulations, you're a criminal! How's it feel? Instead of letting your software run your computer, why not let your computer run your software for a change? There are free (as in freedom; liberty) operating systems available today, one of which is GNU+Linux (that's the GNU operating system plus the kernel called "Linux"). There are GNU+Linux "Live CDs" that let you try the operating system before you install it on your machine, just to make sure you're going to be able to use the OS. One such Live CD is available at http://www.gnewsense.org/. If you don't have CD burning capability, let me know and I'll ship you a Live CD at no cost to you. Free software is software that comes with the freedoms to use it, modify it, learn from it, and redistribute it any way you want, as long as you don't deny anybody else these same freedoms. If you decide you like GNU+Linux, you can install it on a thousand computers, all from the same CD(s), without ever being forced to buy extra licenses or pay anybody any money of any kind. Don't worry, it's legal, and actually encouraged! The developers of free software want people to be liberated from the tyranny that proprietary software subjects its users (and other developers) to as much as possible, even if it means these developers don't get paid for their work. Free software really is a social, humanitarian movement. If you have any questions whatsoever, please feel free to contact me via e-mail or Jabber at: cparker -at- binaryfreedom -dot- info
You can perform a clean install using Vista Upgrade disk, you need to do the following. 1. Boot your computer from the vista upgrade DVD 2. When running installation, vista will ask for your product Key, leave the space empty. Vista will ask you if you are sure to continue without entering the product key, click yes 3. When Vista Asks if it should activate the product when online, uncheck the box. 4. A List of different Vista Versions will show on your screen, select the same version you're using, for example, if your installing Vista Home Premium Upgrade, select Vista Home Premium. 5. After the installation completes, Boot your computer and log on into vista, insert the DVD, and run the installation process again, only this time, do enter your product Key, and allow windows to activate itself when online, vista will take care of the rest, when the installation concludes, you'll have your vista system running with your valid license and performing like a clean installation.
Go with XP by all means. Even with all its warts XP does run most of the time. Vista is the worst pile of crap microsoft has foisted on the public since Windows Millenium. Incompatibility with existing programs is by far the least of the problems you will face. Vista manages to hang and require a manual power down reboot about 5 - 9 times a day. MS Office 2007 manages to hang it about 75% of the tie, with Word and Outlook being about equal at being the cause. The rest of the time Windows Explorer stops responding forever. This happens on all 3 of the machines I have that are running Vista. Two of the machines are new and were shipped with Vista, the third was upgraded from XP Professonal. Vista is visually stunning and has some nice features, but when you spend as much as 5 hours a day waiting on hangs and manual reboots it loses its attractiveness very quickly. The Microsoft rep. from Redmond who presented a training session for IT pros and consultants in conjunction with the launch stated that he was sure that Service Pack 1 would be released by April or May and that it should address the stability problems. Well, its now almost October and the stability problems just keep on rolling along with no imminent release of a service pack on the horizon.
I don't think installing Vista ruined your drive. It was just coincidence; the drive was probably on its last, err, reads.
No, it is a one to one licensing schema.
Same happened to me, upgrade advisor told me "Home Basic seems...", however I bought Home Premium, installed 2 days ago, so far, so good. I got 3.3 on the hardware rating.
if your PC is 3 years old, I seriously doubt you will be able to install vista premium...maybe basic but why would you do that? be better off sticking with XP and keeping your $100. I would run the vista upgrade advisor, and if you're not a tech-savvy person, take it to someplace like the geek squad at best buy and ask them what it would take to get your pc vista capable if it's possible. bottom line - check things out before you drop $ on anything.
I'm not sure about single Office 2007 components, but I can tell you that Office 2007 suites (in general) may be installed on one desktop and one portable device (i.e. laptop). This is only allowed if the software is used on the portable device by the primary owner of the desktop. I imagine that standalone components, such as Outlook 2007, are allowed on both a desktop and portable device as well. I've personally installed the Office 2007 Professional suite on both my desktop and laptop using the same product key...and activation worked fine on both. Hope that this helps.
This is because Outlook 2007 offers you only limited functionality when Word 2007 is not installed. I'm in the same situation and searched for a long time to finally find the respective White Paper MS published on that. You can access the White Paper by typing in "spell checker" (no quotes just the words) in the Outlook 2007 help field. It then comes up with a long list of stuff. Look for the "Microsoft Office Outlook 2007 e-mail editor white paper" link and click on it. There you can download the document... It only explains but does not help though... :-(
Carol Davis. No you can not use Microsoft Outlook 2007 with Word 2013 . You have to have Microsoft Outlook 2007 and Word 2007 it the same with Microsoft Outlook 2013 you have to have Word 2013 and so on... A friend of mine explain it to me for it to all work. They have to have th3e same year. Hope I have help you...
It ain't easy let me tell ya. You have to click the "accounts" tab and enter your server protocols. Outlook 2007 does have a search feature, and if you use a major IP it might be able to find and fill in the settings for you. But other wise, click tools, click accounts, click add, fill in your name, clik next, fill in your email address, click next, fill in your pop3 server (you can find what you need to type in by googling for your email provider and then searching pop3)so the same for your SMTP details (if you have a Qwest sub-account, you will have to go through a whole different proceedure) click next, and finally fill in your email address and password. Be prepared to get really frustrated. Good luck.
Don't know about Word 2002. It works with Word 2000.
I can think of no reason why it wouldn't work. If H&S 2007 is functioning on your windows 8 machine then there shouldn't be any problems with outlook either.
I sorry but I have no idea if it will work with the Windows 8 Operating system.
Yes. Dell now sells a downloadable version of Microsoft Outlook 2007. Go to this link: http://accessories.us.dell.com/sna/productdetail.aspx?c=us&l=en&s=bsd&cs=04&sku=a2542769
It's a bellsouth/att settings issue (they changed something) that their tech assistance can walk you through. It appeared to require two differecnt corrections on two of our computers, and no correction on two others.
Sync your iphone to google and all will do well..............outlook doesn't quite cut it but google does it all great!! You'll have to get gmail and use their calendar. takes ~ 1 minute to sync. Just follow sync instructions once.
I'm not sure about single Office 2007 components, but I can tell you that Office 2007 suites (in general) may be installed on one desktop and one portable device (i.e. laptop). This is only allowed if the software is used on the portable device by the primary owner of the desktop. I imagine that standalone components, such as Outlook 2007, are allowed on both a desktop and portable device as well. I've personally installed the Office 2007 Professional suite on both my desktop and laptop using the same product key...and activation worked fine on both. Hope that this helps.
This is because Outlook 2007 offers you only limited functionality when Word 2007 is not installed. I'm in the same situation and searched for a long time to finally find the respective White Paper MS published on that. You can access the White Paper by typing in "spell checker" (no quotes just the words) in the Outlook 2007 help field. It then comes up with a long list of stuff. Look for the "Microsoft Office Outlook 2007 e-mail editor white paper" link and click on it. There you can download the document... It only explains but does not help though... :-(
Carol Davis. No you can not use Microsoft Outlook 2007 with Word 2013 . You have to have Microsoft Outlook 2007 and Word 2007 it the same with Microsoft Outlook 2013 you have to have Word 2013 and so on... A friend of mine explain it to me for it to all work. They have to have th3e same year. Hope I have help you...
It ain't easy let me tell ya. You have to click the "accounts" tab and enter your server protocols. Outlook 2007 does have a search feature, and if you use a major IP it might be able to find and fill in the settings for you. But other wise, click tools, click accounts, click add, fill in your name, clik next, fill in your email address, click next, fill in your pop3 server (you can find what you need to type in by googling for your email provider and then searching pop3)so the same for your SMTP details (if you have a Qwest sub-account, you will have to go through a whole different proceedure) click next, and finally fill in your email address and password. Be prepared to get really frustrated. Good luck.
Don't know about Word 2002. It works with Word 2000.
I can think of no reason why it wouldn't work. If H&S 2007 is functioning on your windows 8 machine then there shouldn't be any problems with outlook either.
I sorry but I have no idea if it will work with the Windows 8 Operating system.
Yes. Dell now sells a downloadable version of Microsoft Outlook 2007. Go to this link: http://accessories.us.dell.com/sna/productdetail.aspx?c=us&l=en&s=bsd&cs=04&sku=a2542769
It's a bellsouth/att settings issue (they changed something) that their tech assistance can walk you through. It appeared to require two differecnt corrections on two of our computers, and no correction on two others.
Sync your iphone to google and all will do well..............outlook doesn't quite cut it but google does it all great!! You'll have to get gmail and use their calendar. takes ~ 1 minute to sync. Just follow sync instructions once.
It is a CD - so I only know how to load it onto the computer by using the CD drive.
There was no software - just Windows 8 since it was a brand new computer. It's just that my old disks were too scratched to reuse.
Greg, I couldn't find the answer on my software, but I can tell you that I have installed it on one desktop and one laptop with no problem whatsoever. I bought a second copy for a laptop I purchased later.
You get three downloads.
Actually they are the same unit, the Pharos iGPS-500. The only difference is the size, with the 2007 being slightly more compact. http://www.gpspassion.com/forumsen/topic.asp?TOPIC_ID=64049 http://www.gpspassion.com/forumsen/topic.asp?TOPIC_ID=68026&#407286
If you are buying the 2007 Version then I'm not sure. I originally purchased that version and, yes, it does come with the GPS device and cable. I have since upgraded to the 2013 version but I still use my original device and cable. Hope this helps... Wait, I just checked this model and it does come with the cable. It is just the older version but it works great. We have used S&T since it was introduced.
yes...that's what the silver thing is in the box
It works just fine on my laptop running Windows Vista Home Premium.
MS professional
According to Microsoft, yes, it is compatible.
Yes. All 2003 files will work in 2007 version. I went from MS Office Pro 2003 to MS Office Pro 2007 with no problems at all.
NO, this is an upgrade from a previous version ONLY
I don't know, but I suspect it will. Check to MS website. I did not buy this here. Well, I did, used, but the license had already been used up so I returned it.
yes
I don't know, but it is probably a one user product.
As far as I remember, it came with a DVD and upgraded Office 2000. It came with Outlook..
Wow, all you had to do is google office 2007 pro disc 2? And the info pops up. I had forgotten, but here is one of the posts... Business Contact Manager for Outlook 2007. It is not part of Office 2007 installation. It needs to be installed separately after the main Office suite is installed and validated.
Yes
I haven't found too many games (much less programs) in the store that run on Linux. I do my work at work. Not sure why Linux would be at all useful to me. I already know my PC hardware is not compatible with the Unbuntu drivers supplied on the CD. Why fight easy and useful?
If you have an older Creative Sound Blaster card, it will not work with Vista. Creative, according to their website, has no plans to produce a driver for Vista. When I was using the Release Canidates, I had to enable my onboard audio to get sound. My suggestion: enable onboard audio in your bios if possibe, or upgrade your sound card.
It is my understand you can install this version on a mac with an intel chipset however, from what I understand you need to get an extra program to help with the install. Dont recall the name off hand
I believe that since your second computer is a laptop that you can install it. It cannot go on two desktops however. I think I remember reading something about one license working for a desktop and laptop at the same time.
It would seem to me that you would have to do a re-install of your windows vista, at least that is what I would do IF IT IS COMPLETELY GONE!
Some computer companies ship XP restore disks with Vista computers. Dell offers the ability to buy some computers with XP installed. If you get a computer with Vista, I think you legally have the right to replace it with XP, and you can always download XP from some software pirate site. If you get a laptop that already has Vista, chances are you're not going to have too many problems, unless you have something that's not Vista compatible. You could also disable all the stupid "security" pop-ups. You should also consider buying a Mac laptop. Most people really like them, and with it you can duel-boot with XP, Vista, Linux, whatever (but you would have to buy the XP DVD).
of course it should. It's just like xp feature called the drag and drop. Right click on whatever file you wanna burn, go to send to and then select DVD-Rw drive and it will tell you it's ready to burn.
To quote eHow: "The key difference between the Service Desk Edition and Standard Edition of Microsoft Office is packaging. The Service Desk Edition is sold in a plastic case similar to a DVD case, while the Standard Edition is sold in a cardboard box. The smaller case allows retailers to hang these editions from a peg at their service desks in order to advertise upgrades of Microsoft Office." From http://www.ehow.com/facts_7762657_service-desk-edition-microsoft-office.html#ixzz2ar5mCR6C
Yes. It works with 8.1 too. I just upgraded (from win 8) to win 8.1 and the MS 2007 still works just fine.
This product came with a disc and a plastic key card. It was necessary to go to a website to activate. I decided I did not want to "store" in the "cloud" when making a choice. I just wanted it on my computer - hope I did that correctly! The CD was for Microsoft Office Professional Edition 2007 with online activation - an enclosed note indicated that it was for 3. Also included was a key card (labeled 1PC) for Office Home &Student 2013.
I found the packaging for the product received: Included was a CD for Microsoft Office Professional Edition 2007 with online activation - an enclosed note indicated that it was for 3. Also included was a key card (labeled 1PC) for Office Home & Student 2013. I downloaded the 2013 to one computer and 1 of the 2007 to another. No problems thus far.
Yes
Mine came with a activation key. It doesn't come with a box, however, just in a CD sleeve.
I'd say 'yes'. I currently have a Dell PC with Windows 2007 and Office 2007, and when it came time to use files created by Word 2000, there was no problem--it was fairly automatic. At most, you might need to right-click on the file, click on Properties and then Compatibility, but it's been my experience that MS is smarter than most of us, and that it just takes care of that. Boogey on!
Depends on your license.
I dont know I never received this product
Yes, Office works with Vista.
Yep. Everything is saved as a PDF.
Yes
It prints then 1 PDF page or 2 comic pages at a time. Just a heads up though, it will print with the watermark over everything making it hard to read. I performed a comic for a forensic competition and needed to provide source material, so I screen shot each page then put that into a word document and saved it as a PDF. This circumnavigated the watermark, but was a little tedious getting the adjusting the size and cropping the screen shots.
You just put it in your DVD drive and enjoy. You need Adobe Reader not Flash
Yes it is...
If you go on the manufacturer's website, they changed the material. You now get only 560 comics instead of 575. I guess if they waited for Marvel Civil War to be over, the we will have to wait until next March or April to finally get it.
Mark, I had trouble finding information on this as well. The GIT website is www.gitcorp.com and you can find this collection under the coming soon section. Unfortunatly it only says Holiday Season 2006 as the release date.
James, Just for your info, all images are from the original comic books, none of the complete collection including The Avengers are from the remastered digital like stuff you see in the masterworks. I know for sure because my company produced these fine products.
if they're pdf's you can use cloudreader, comicbooklover or any number of ipad apps.
This is the US site, stuff posted on THIS Amazon applies to US items.
I don't know about Windows 8.1 or know why it would be different than anything else. On my old XP machine, I just follow the single-sheet instructions that came with the DVD. Launch the Start.pdf file at the DVD's root directory and Acrobat (mine is Adobe Reader XI) shows you covers of the issues gathered in decades or years. Do an Edit/Advanced Search and be sure you're searching the file MAD1.pdx file and tell it what you're looking for. I tried "put*on" and after spinning the disc a few times it brought up the parody of the movie Patton in the Jan 1971 issue. Surprisingly, the index seems to include words that are in the (hand-drawn) cartoons which means some poor guy had to manually type all those in. When I tried just the Find, I didn't get anything useful. I can't imagine what would be different if you were using Win8.1. Do your search from within the Adobe program, not some Windows search (which may not break through compressions, crypto, or encodings - I don't know). [P.S. All of your question didn't come through, ended with "but didn't know ho"]
While this product is a lot of fun, there is one glaring error; they forgot to scan those in. If you look enough on the internet you can find pictures of them.
It works fine on Windows 7; inserting the disc just opens a PDF file that allows you to browse the various other PDF files (organized by decade of publication). Most computers already have Adobe Reader installed for reading PDF files. If you do not, you can always get the latest version for free at http://get.adobe.com/reader/.
Yes runs fine on Windows 8' they are just pdf files.
Being sensitive to the people around me, I find it best to covertly read my MAD Magazine cloaked in a US News & World Report, People, O Magazine, Car & Driver, or Playboy. MAD may be considered NSFW. However, if you want to read it stashed within a tablet, the DVD is basically a stack of .pdf files. So, you'd need a DVD reader to connect to something (maybe your laptop) and then just manually drag all the .pdf files somehow over to your tablet. If your tablet won't open .pdf files then you're going to be dead meat, unless some Cloud-based service (Adobe) will convert them for you. However, I'm not sure how well satirical American humor will go over in a Korean (or Chinese or Japanese) tablet. Different cultures you know.
I don't have the product, but judging solely on the other reviews, I would say yes. There are reviews where the reviewer transferred individual issues to PDAs etc, so as long as you can transfer individual PDFs to the iPad, you should be set.
I just bought this about 1 month ago and it was a single DVD with the last issue in 2005 like yours.
I am in the same boat. I ordered this about a month ago and I just got an e-mail showing that the delivery is pushed back another 1-2 weeks. I'm wondering if Amazon really does have them at all.
Hello Christopher! I haven't forgotten you. I've been in the hospital and I haven't felt quite up to the task yet. I will go through the '60s material as soon as I can, but I am certain that the cartoon is there. They have simply taken everything including special issues and put them conveniently on a disk. It is well done and even easy to add to an pad. After I read my iPad issues I will delete them and add other issues from my main computer. I am an. Astronomer and plan to buy Astronomy magazine on a disk as well. Every issue all the way from 1973 is on there. These all inclusive disks are a good way to keep multiple issues for life without having to have massive amounts of storage space for hundreds of magazines. And your issues won't rip and tear and you won't spill coffee on them ( or I hope not for your iPads sake, ha, ha!). The MAD disk loads easily and to me is a treasure. It is about $59 bucks where as Astronomy will cost about $150 bucks,but you get so much. I am glad I bought it because I will be reading material that I missed for the next several years! Sorry about the delay, but I have been really sick lately. Let me know if you decide to purchase before my search and if you do, what your experience is. Russ
I know EXACTLY where you are coming from. I was so worried about the same thing. My new computer has Vista. I tried running my old 3.0 version on it and it crashed my whole system. After I got my computer up and running again, I called Adobe 3 times asking about the 5.0. I was worried that my it would crash my system again before I could download the patch, and the cost of the new program would be a waste. They kept saying it would be ok. Well, I held my breath and tried it a few days ago. And it is up and running fine. Isn't the new Vista such a pain in the butt??
No. Absolutely not. The apps can co-exist peacefully and even run at the same time. (BTW: I assume you are talking about PSE 2 and/or three not PS - unless you are still running PS versions from the early nineties)
quick answer, nothing. lol. As far as I can tell the only real difference between 5 vs 6 & 7 is the color. I used the trial verstion of 7.0 and I'm sticking with my 5.0 until they make a version with something new.
Hi Kenneth; I recently upgraded (new computer) from Windows XP to Windows 7 Home Premium and Photoshop Elements 5 works just fine.
Can this progam be used on vista or windows seven?
I have Elements 5 and Paintshop Pro 8 (and 7). All are very good, but the emphasis is different. I use Elements for processing my DSLR photos using the included Adobe Camera Raw. It is reasonably easy to use and the quality of the results is excellent. I use the PTlens plugin to correct for lens defects and Elements works well with this. I very occasionally like to use a feature that Adobe has left out in order to avoid competing with full Photoshop. Examples include Curves adjustment layers and fully automated batch editing. In this case I switch to Paintshop Pro, which invariably does have the missing feature. If you don't know why you would need these features, you probably don't! I don't use the built in Organiser, because I started using Picassa (free from Google) for this purpose and I see no reason to change. For design work, such as web design, I would personally choose to use Paintshop Pro, because its feature set is more complete, (Paintshop Pro 8 is roughly equivalent to Photoshop version 6), and because those advanced features are more easily accessible. Other people that I know would choose to use full Photoshop instead, and I can understand their point of view. Photoshop Elements needs quite a powerfull (i.e. new) computer, if it is not to seem slow. I understand that this is also true for the latest Paint Shop Pro. Finally, you can download both of these products for a free month's trial, so why not try then out and make your mind up after that?
In Elements, you will still be able to use all the features you mentions. What elements is lacking is stuff you or I would probably never use, like support from RAW formated photos and vector graphix, or a feature called image warp. CS2 is more for the proffesional user so most likely theres not much of anything you will miss by switching to elements.
No, I would think not. Try instead the excellent freeware Picasa from google.
I can't answer that question but I can tell you that I had lots of slides and I shipped them off to scancafe.com and they scanned them and put them on a cd for .24 a slide (you get to pick which ones you want as long as you choose 50% or more).
You can access the photo's without using the organizer.
I know EXACTLY where you are coming from. I was so worried about the same thing. My new computer has Vista. I tried running my old 3.0 version on it and it crashed my whole system. After I got my computer up and running again, I called Adobe 3 times asking about the 5.0. I was worried that my it would crash my system again before I could download the patch, and the cost of the new program would be a waste. They kept saying it would be ok. Well, I held my breath and tried it a few days ago. And it is up and running fine. Isn't the new Vista such a pain in the butt??
No. Absolutely not. The apps can co-exist peacefully and even run at the same time. (BTW: I assume you are talking about PSE 2 and/or three not PS - unless you are still running PS versions from the early nineties)
quick answer, nothing. lol. As far as I can tell the only real difference between 5 vs 6 & 7 is the color. I used the trial verstion of 7.0 and I'm sticking with my 5.0 until they make a version with something new.
Hi Kenneth; I recently upgraded (new computer) from Windows XP to Windows 7 Home Premium and Photoshop Elements 5 works just fine.
Can this progam be used on vista or windows seven?
I have Elements 5 and Paintshop Pro 8 (and 7). All are very good, but the emphasis is different. I use Elements for processing my DSLR photos using the included Adobe Camera Raw. It is reasonably easy to use and the quality of the results is excellent. I use the PTlens plugin to correct for lens defects and Elements works well with this. I very occasionally like to use a feature that Adobe has left out in order to avoid competing with full Photoshop. Examples include Curves adjustment layers and fully automated batch editing. In this case I switch to Paintshop Pro, which invariably does have the missing feature. If you don't know why you would need these features, you probably don't! I don't use the built in Organiser, because I started using Picassa (free from Google) for this purpose and I see no reason to change. For design work, such as web design, I would personally choose to use Paintshop Pro, because its feature set is more complete, (Paintshop Pro 8 is roughly equivalent to Photoshop version 6), and because those advanced features are more easily accessible. Other people that I know would choose to use full Photoshop instead, and I can understand their point of view. Photoshop Elements needs quite a powerfull (i.e. new) computer, if it is not to seem slow. I understand that this is also true for the latest Paint Shop Pro. Finally, you can download both of these products for a free month's trial, so why not try then out and make your mind up after that?
In Elements, you will still be able to use all the features you mentions. What elements is lacking is stuff you or I would probably never use, like support from RAW formated photos and vector graphix, or a feature called image warp. CS2 is more for the proffesional user so most likely theres not much of anything you will miss by switching to elements.
No, I would think not. Try instead the excellent freeware Picasa from google.
I can't answer that question but I can tell you that I had lots of slides and I shipped them off to scancafe.com and they scanned them and put them on a cd for .24 a slide (you get to pick which ones you want as long as you choose 50% or more).
You can access the photo's without using the organizer.
Go to this page for that information: http://recorders.com/info/articles/27/1/Digital-Recorder-Compatibility-Report-for-Dragon-NaturallySpeaking/Page1.html
It will take digital or analog input. These require "training" as seperate as any human voice, even it is your own...
Great idea! I did an interview with my late grandfather for a high school history project nearly 20 years ago and though it seemed a daunting assignment at the time, I'm very glad I did so. The cassette tape is the only recording any of us have of him, and I've found it enjoyable to listen to every few years. His story was WWII-centric, as he was a recon pilot and I was aiming for a more historically based interview. I think I had prepared about 10 questions beforehand which gave us a general direction. Of course if he wanted to go a bit off topic, who was I to say no? My advise is to bring over a couple sandwiches, a list of questions both broad and specific and just record whatever happens. Since you have the benefit of much higher technology than I did, you have the freedom to edit out dead air or (dare I say) mindless ramblings. :) Since you say she's sharp that probably won't be a problem though. Many people are a bit wary or self conscious of discussing their life with a tape recorder- start with more lighter fare before attempting to delve into more personal matters. You may want to ask them beforehand if any topics might be verbotten to them. She's not a part of the MySpace generation, understand that many things may be her business and her business alone. You most likely understand her personality and shouldn't have a problem knowing when to press for more information and when to leave a subject that might be uncomfortable for her. I'm sure there are a number of books out there on interviewing skills, but you're talking with a friend not a head of state- have a genuine talk and just see what happens. Sorry if I rambled..
http://review.zdnet.com/Dragon_NaturallySpeaking_Preferred_9 /4505-3528_16-31988682.html?subj=fdba&part=rss&tag=MR_Software Dragon 9 runs only on Windows XP or 2000 SP4 or higher, so Mac users are out of luck, and it requires 512MB of RAM and 1GB of free hard drive space. (Attempting to run Dragon with less RAM will result in a sluggish system, as we discovered in our tests on several computers.) We tested the $149 Dragon NaturallySpeaking Preferred 9. Home users who don't need support for mobile devices can opt for the $99 Standard. Offices that want to run Dragon on a network should choose Professional. Legal and Medical editions are also available.
The Standard Version will not transcribe from a voice recorder only the preferred edition. I just bought a copy of the Preferred edition & a Sony ICD-MX20 voice recorder. They work well together. I'd advise checking the support page at www.nuance.com. The accuracy of many voice recorders is listed.
There are so many alternatives: buy an amplifier for your mic. Get a new headphone mic adjust your mic settings in windows buy amplified speakers increase master volume control download new drivers for your sound device buy new computer
You should go to the KnowBrainer Speech Recognition Forum and read our four page review on version 8 vs. version 9 and have all of your questions answered by VR veterans and experts.
If your new computer uses 64 bits, you can forget it. It won't even install the program, and from what I've read, the company doesn't plan to fix the problem.
At http://www.nuance.com/naturallyspeaking/preferred/sysreqs.asp VISTA is listed as a system requirement so I am assuming, even though I couldn't find it on the box at Staples, that, at least those programs being currently produced, are indeed Vista compatible. For those who already have this version, there is a patch available to upgrqade to Vista. You need to fill out an online form with name/address/phone/e-mail to get a PIN to access the upgrade area. Once there you need to have your product code number to punch in to get the upgrade but it's well worth the effort.
I have not and can't imagine doing so as I end up correcting my dictation periodically....might work Ok though.
Just type it in during set up... very easy
Unfortunately the publisher of Checksoft does not seem to provide easy access to technical support, and as I recall, it's not free. I would call them or email them. I took a quick look at their website, avanquest.com and found a link to this site which they identify as a place to find support forums: http://www.softcity.com/contribution/question? Frankly, at some point it might just be easier to buy a new copy. If you do, download the latest version from Avanquest as the boxed versions available online or in the stores is often older versions that are not compatible with the latest release of Quicken. Wish I could be more helpful.
Throw it in the gabage
In my experience, each new version of Quicken required the purchase of an updated version of Checksoft.
This program is long out of support and when I asked the company for support, they offered only to sell me a mostly full price version of their newer software. I would caution anyone from buying it particularly if you intend to use it with any of the accounting programs unless you know exactly what you are getting and what you can do with it. You can't see the fine print on the box image of this online product to see the specific versions it supports. The box image does show that it works with Windows XP and Vista, if that's any clue as to how old this is.
My credit union is accepting these checks. I did have a problem with a previous bank as their electronic reader did not pick-up the codes and they had to enter the checks manually. They weren't happy but said they had to accept the checks as they contained all the required information. They wanted me to buy special printer ink that could be detected by their scanner. I declined because the ink was expensive. My understanding from this experience is that as long as the document has all the required information, banks should accept the check.
It should work with Vista, I installed it on a win7 computer, printed several batches of checks, no other software is needed. Hope this helps.
It works with windows 7.
no, I just entered and ran the checks......
I don't know about win 8, but I know it's a crappy program for Win 7.
Just type it in during set up... very easy
Unfortunately the publisher of Checksoft does not seem to provide easy access to technical support, and as I recall, it's not free. I would call them or email them. I took a quick look at their website, avanquest.com and found a link to this site which they identify as a place to find support forums: http://www.softcity.com/contribution/question? Frankly, at some point it might just be easier to buy a new copy. If you do, download the latest version from Avanquest as the boxed versions available online or in the stores is often older versions that are not compatible with the latest release of Quicken. Wish I could be more helpful.
Throw it in the gabage
In my experience, each new version of Quicken required the purchase of an updated version of Checksoft.
This program is long out of support and when I asked the company for support, they offered only to sell me a mostly full price version of their newer software. I would caution anyone from buying it particularly if you intend to use it with any of the accounting programs unless you know exactly what you are getting and what you can do with it. You can't see the fine print on the box image of this online product to see the specific versions it supports. The box image does show that it works with Windows XP and Vista, if that's any clue as to how old this is.
My credit union is accepting these checks. I did have a problem with a previous bank as their electronic reader did not pick-up the codes and they had to enter the checks manually. They weren't happy but said they had to accept the checks as they contained all the required information. They wanted me to buy special printer ink that could be detected by their scanner. I declined because the ink was expensive. My understanding from this experience is that as long as the document has all the required information, banks should accept the check.
It should work with Vista, I installed it on a win7 computer, printed several batches of checks, no other software is needed. Hope this helps.
It works with windows 7.
no, I just entered and ran the checks......
I don't know about win 8, but I know it's a crappy program for Win 7.
Just type it in during set up... very easy
Unfortunately the publisher of Checksoft does not seem to provide easy access to technical support, and as I recall, it's not free. I would call them or email them. I took a quick look at their website, avanquest.com and found a link to this site which they identify as a place to find support forums: http://www.softcity.com/contribution/question? Frankly, at some point it might just be easier to buy a new copy. If you do, download the latest version from Avanquest as the boxed versions available online or in the stores is often older versions that are not compatible with the latest release of Quicken. Wish I could be more helpful.
Throw it in the gabage
In my experience, each new version of Quicken required the purchase of an updated version of Checksoft.
This program is long out of support and when I asked the company for support, they offered only to sell me a mostly full price version of their newer software. I would caution anyone from buying it particularly if you intend to use it with any of the accounting programs unless you know exactly what you are getting and what you can do with it. You can't see the fine print on the box image of this online product to see the specific versions it supports. The box image does show that it works with Windows XP and Vista, if that's any clue as to how old this is.
My credit union is accepting these checks. I did have a problem with a previous bank as their electronic reader did not pick-up the codes and they had to enter the checks manually. They weren't happy but said they had to accept the checks as they contained all the required information. They wanted me to buy special printer ink that could be detected by their scanner. I declined because the ink was expensive. My understanding from this experience is that as long as the document has all the required information, banks should accept the check.
It should work with Vista, I installed it on a win7 computer, printed several batches of checks, no other software is needed. Hope this helps.
It works with windows 7.
no, I just entered and ran the checks......
I don't know about win 8, but I know it's a crappy program for Win 7.
Yes, it installs and works well in Windows 8
Yes, there is a non-disclosure agreement, as well as an non-compete agreement.
Yes it does. Rental application-lease-renters inspection worksheet-landlord notice to enter-tenants notice to terminate lease.
From what I could see, no, it doesn't have anything regarding those specific types of deeds.
NO It will not download!
I do not find anything related to "rent to own land contracts". I may have overlooked it. The program looks like it covers everthing else. From my limited experience with this program, I am happy with it. I hope this helps.
In the Business section, there are three categories that should fill your needs. There are forms in the categories of Corporate Records, Minutes and Notice of Meeting. The Minutes section specifically address Board of Directors and Shareholders meeting minutes.
Yes
A child custody document is not listed in the inventory. I assume you mean a mutual agreement without going through the courts. The documents related to this is a Child Care Authorization, Child Visitation Letter and Demand for Child Support Payment. The software does not provide a document for child custody.
They have cidicils to wills in case you need to change something.
The primary progrtam is Vista compatible. As of March 30th, the addon pack is also Vista compatible. Using em both on a Vista system right now. No problems thus far.
Theres also a $20 USD Norton Internet Security 2007 Mail-in Rebate * U.S. Offer # 06-53467 rebate. Just Google it and you will find the PDF.
Go to Control Panel/Network Connections, right click on your connection and click disable.
3 User means you can install on 3 different computers.
The primary progrtam is Vista compatible. As of March 30th, the addon pack is also Vista compatible. Using em both on a Vista system right now. No problems thus far.
Theres also a $20 USD Norton Internet Security 2007 Mail-in Rebate * U.S. Offer # 06-53467 rebate. Just Google it and you will find the PDF.
Go to Control Panel/Network Connections, right click on your connection and click disable.
3 User means you can install on 3 different computers.
I installed the upgrade from FP and it went fine. I did not have FP installed and it did not ask for the program disk or the product key. I'm guessing it will work for you as well.
They are essentially the same products, it really depends on whether your company is using SharePoint server as the base of its web applications. See the attached link for Microsoft's explanation of why they released two separate products which essentially are the same. http://office.microsoft.com/en-us/frontpage/FX100743231033.aspx
Brian, did you recieve an answer to this. I am wondering the same thing. It says DVD but I need a CD!
I installed the upgrade from FP and it went fine. I did not have FP installed and it did not ask for the program disk or the product key. I'm guessing it will work for you as well.
They are essentially the same products, it really depends on whether your company is using SharePoint server as the base of its web applications. See the attached link for Microsoft's explanation of why they released two separate products which essentially are the same. http://office.microsoft.com/en-us/frontpage/FX100743231033.aspx
Brian, did you recieve an answer to this. I am wondering the same thing. It says DVD but I need a CD!
I installed the upgrade from FP and it went fine. I did not have FP installed and it did not ask for the program disk or the product key. I'm guessing it will work for you as well.
They are essentially the same products, it really depends on whether your company is using SharePoint server as the base of its web applications. See the attached link for Microsoft's explanation of why they released two separate products which essentially are the same. http://office.microsoft.com/en-us/frontpage/FX100743231033.aspx
Brian, did you recieve an answer to this. I am wondering the same thing. It says DVD but I need a CD!
Yes, Marilyn, you can resize recipes... it's called "scaling recipes" under the "help" section of MC 8. It can be done in several places, but most common is when you're in the "edit recipe" mode. Here's the instructions as given by MC 8: Recipe Scaling scales individual ingredients to change the total quantity produced by the recipe. MasterCook lets you input your own number of servings and your computer will adjust the ingredient amounts appropriately. This will often come in handy, but note that for a variety of reasons related to food chemistry, some recipes simply will not turn out the way the recipe author intended when you scale them. Souffls and other delicate foods are nearly impossible to scale. Some culinary experts warn against scaling complex recipes by more than a factor of two and against scaling recipes for baked goods at all. But for those recipes that can be scaled: To scale a recipe: 1. There are many areas and situations where the Scale feature is activated. The screen where you'll probably use the Scale feature most often is the Recipe Edit screen. 2. Click the Scale Recipe icon on the toolbar. 3. A box appears prompting you to enter a new number of servings. 4. Type in a new serving size and click OK. The ingredient amounts are adjusted to accommodate the new number of servings. In addition, the measurement units are also changed where appropriate. The cooking time and pan size are not adjusted. Hot Tip: Scaling affects only items in the Amount column. Be sure to check values such as pan sizes and cooking times which will need to be adjusted manually. 2004 ValuSoft, a division of THQ Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Yes, you can enter your own recipes, and get nutritional analysis, as long as MC8 has the nutritional information on the ingredients you enter. IF you enter something that ISN'T in the info banks, it will say so, and give you the option to provide that information, IF you have it.
Simply a plastic case to hold the cd
Hi Clare, I really can't say... I have only have used 8. I am extremely under impressed in how incompatible the versions of the past have been(from reading posts). I am a software developer and that seems so wrong. I think the product has transitioned thru a number of companies causing that. As I writ this I am thinking there are many online recipe books and the may be one that will import mastercook. I'd look at that maybe... good luck -John
I purchased 2006 Arizona State tax it was downloadable from sight. I need to use it now and I can't find it. May I get another download.
Were you able to find out if Turbotax Deluxe includes gains/losses from stocks?
It is best if you have it. Internet access will let you update the program. I believe you can run the program without doing this. Also, if you buy it and get the free state offer it is by download only. You have to pay if you want your state shipped by disc to you. You don't need it to submit your taxes, you can still print them out and send them in.
I purchased 2006 Arizona State tax it was downloadable from sight. I need to use it now and I can't find it. May I get another download.
Were you able to find out if Turbotax Deluxe includes gains/losses from stocks?
It is best if you have it. Internet access will let you update the program. I believe you can run the program without doing this. Also, if you buy it and get the free state offer it is by download only. You have to pay if you want your state shipped by disc to you. You don't need it to submit your taxes, you can still print them out and send them in.
I purchased 2006 Arizona State tax it was downloadable from sight. I need to use it now and I can't find it. May I get another download.
Were you able to find out if Turbotax Deluxe includes gains/losses from stocks?
It is best if you have it. Internet access will let you update the program. I believe you can run the program without doing this. Also, if you buy it and get the free state offer it is by download only. You have to pay if you want your state shipped by disc to you. You don't need it to submit your taxes, you can still print them out and send them in.
No, you do not.
I honestly don't know. I bought it for my child since I used it growing up. We just popped it into our laptop that has Vista6 on it and it worked! Didn't have to download anything.
Yes, We are enjoying the Computer disk.
I don't know if it will work on windows 8. It did not work on XP. It was a waste of money, and a disappointment to my granddaughter
Sorry I no longer have mine so unable to check, it is a pretty good game so wish you well.
yes
This would not work on an old pc so my guess is no. Aside from that it's terrible. Try star fall.com, pbs or some free apps they are free and better than this
Yes
Yes, but it is very pixelated.
My answer to your question is that when I have a problem that is not solved by disk utility or TechTool I feel a certain confidence that Disk Warrior will solve it. I've been using this program for many years and it has gotten me out of many messes. As for Disk Tools pro i've never used it so I can't speak on it. When ever the os has upgraded to a system incompatible with Diskwarrior they create an upgrade quickly. Hope this helps. '
No, not that I know of. It would be nice if somehow it could tell you if it could fix your particular problem or not and then you would be give the option to buy it or not.
Always worth the shot. But: What OS? External Drive or Internal? Do other Drives work ok? I've never known DW to damage a drive, but it will tell you if it can't do it.You tried rebooting? Does the errant drive show up on Disk Utility from a different drive? Checked cable connections are intact? (try a different cable) . Tried Data Rescue 2 to salvage data?
No. That's not really how I used this software. I uses to fix a damaged drive data table. It doesn't sound like that's what this is.
Assuming you are using Diskwarrior 4.2 to 4.4), the answer is yes, provided your hardware is compatible. Alsoft itself will tell you, and you can call them. Meanwhile, this is a paragraph from Alsoft's support site: "DiskWarrior 4 Support "DiskWarrior 4 is required for Intel-based Macs. Learn about the new features of DiskWarrior 4 and how to upgrade by clicking here. "Please note that to install DiskWarrior 4 onto your hard disk, your Mac must start up in OS X 10.3.9 through 10.9. Please read the system requirements for DiskWarrior 4. "DiskWarrior 4 version 4.4 is now available on DiskWarrior DVD revision 1109. This DVD is a universal startup DVD that can start up both PowerPC and Intel Macs. All Mac models meeting the system requirements for DiskWarrior can be started from the DVD. The current DiskWarrior DVD cannot start up the new MacBook Pros introduced June 11, 2012. An updated disc that will also start up these recent Mac models will be released as soon as Apple, Inc. releases new startup files to Alsoft, Inc. and other developers. Some older iMacs with wireless keyboards have timing issues when starting up from any DVD. Instead of pressing the "C" key immediately upon start up, wait for the startup chime and then press the "Option" key. This will bring up the Startup Manager which will allow you to choose the DVD as a startup disk. If your wireless mouse is not working in the Startup Manager, use the arrow keys to choose the DVD, then press the "Return" key to continue starting up. Click here to learn how to repair the directory of a disk in a Mac model that cannot be started from the DiskWarrior DVD." ALSO, FROM 2009: "DiskWarrior 4 version 4.2 is now available for compatibility with Mac OS X 10.6 (Snow Leopard). Among the new features in version 4.2 are enhanced and faster directory repairs. Click here for limitations on using the older DiskWarrior version 4.0 or 4.1 with Snow Leopard." MORE AT THIS ALSOFT SITE: http://www.alsoft.com/diskwarrior/support.html
I have it on my windows 8 I don't know about 8.1 but I would think it would work with it as well.
Not sure if it would, I'm running window XP, but it truly is a great product for the price!
I don't know. My guess would be no. When i used it last year & my computer was upgraded at work, the backup didn't work & I lost all history. Since July I've been using Wave accounting, which is a free cloud invoicing system. It's so much better & so many report options.
Yes. The files can be converted to off.
I don't do that, but I think it has that capability.
Yes
Yes it works on Windows 8
Yes I have this it works for me I have windows 8
No idea. I have it installed on Windows 7, 64bits PC, works fine.
We bought this for our homeowners association to bill for annual dues. Very simple application. I no longer hold the program or the computer it is on. We did not use Windows 8. I would think it would, but not guaranteed.
It prints a paper label that you attach, but a word of caution is that in some CD players, the paper label leads to poor playing, i.e., skipping, etc.
yes, I have done it many times
Yes . I am using it on Windows 8.1.
I run it with Windows 7.
You must first have lightscribe installed on the computer, then you can use this label maker to design your label and print it on the disc by selecting the icon on the label maker tool bar to write it on the disc - on my tool bar it is the fourth icon from the left.
Yes very nicely. I've used it on about 200 CD projects and it's only messed up twice. To be fair is don't know if it was Acoustica or Light scribe tat messed up. Product worth the price.
Don't know, I can't get it to work with Wdws 8.
I found one of these programs at target made for windows 8 so you might be able to go to american greetings web page and get a driver for windows 8
The version I bought a few years ago does include the calendar. Our old disc would not install on a new computer and my wife loves the calendar portion of the program. There is apparently no difference in the latest version. Jack
I think so, but I am no sure be cause I got it for a friend.
It is only compatible with the first early version of 7 not later versions
You can buy it either way. I have done both. The Toontrack process at their web site is very secure, so there are a number of steps. You have to do this if you buy the physical product or the download.
EZ Drummer is one of the most real sounding Midi kits I've heard. The sounds themselves are actual drum recordings and triggered by Midi files. They also have some tweaking ability that can be edited..... like velocity and it has a humanize feature that adds randomness. If you really want to get down to extensive editing the (Superior Drummer albeit more expensive) offers more but I've found for my projects EZ Drummer fits in rather well. And if you want to, you can also create your own Midi files to trigger the kits.
I do not own this product but what I can tell is that e z drummer will need to be installed in a vst folder on a pc or laptop within a recording software such as cubase,protools,etc.the e z drummer set up is just that,ez !! just follow the directions that come with the disc and you should be fine.after insallation,you need to open the recording software and load ez drummer.this may vary from software to software but what you are looking for is the vst instruments panel.once you find it,click on "open grooves" and a selection of drum grooves will be displayed.you will see a bar on the interface that is like a play button.after you select a groove.press play and it should play.ez drummer grooves can be dragged and dropped into the recording lane of your software creating a recorded path that can be edited or added to once you get the basics of it,it really is quite fun.I don't know if the zoom r 24 comes with cubase or not but that is going to be the first step in using ez drummer.Good luck and remember to be creative!!!
No
I do not use Reaper but a quick scan of some forums and many do use EZ Drummer in Reaper. Any host application that utilizes Audio Unit, VST, AAX or RTAS should work fine including Reaper.
It SHOULD work with any DAW host that supports VSTI's. Toontrack has a demo on their website to download and try. That'll give you some idea if it'll work for you or not.
Yes, the UK-Ireland micro SD card worked amazingly well with the Garmin Nuvi 1490. I used this SD card on a trip to Ireland in July 2013. We drove from Dublin to Cashel then Adare (our base for 6 days) where we day tripped to Bunratty Castle, Dingle, Doolin (to go to Inish Orhe [the smallest of the Aran Islands], Cliffs of Morhe, then to Ennis for dinner), Kilerny National Park, back to Dublin, Howth & Dalky. All in all just over 900 miles over a 10 day period. If you are going to Ireland my three caveats are 1. use the 1490 on roads you know before you go as it can sometimes be querky on how things are named if you are not imputting an exact address (never failed with an exact address or GPS coordinates); 2. driving is on the left with right hand steering - learn my friend Tom's mantra, 'hug left, cross right' (it will make more sense once you're actually driving); and 3. rent the smallest car possible that will be comfortable for your journeys (the roads are extremely narrow, often single lane [outside of cities], and often very winding.
I don't have the nunvi 205w mine is the 1370 but I really think that if it fits in my nuvi it really should fit in yours. This is great if your going to Ireland. I know my way around most of England and didn't need to use it that much. When I did use it, at times it wasn't very clear. But never the less it beats asking two guys in a pub and getting different directions!
That is not the Garmin I have, but I would think a micro-slot is a micro-slot and they would be compatible across the board. As far as Great Britain goes, the roads don't change much unless there is perhaps a brand new housing development you are trying to get to. We found it very helpful. The only problem was one B& B in Wales which didn't have a good address. The tiny village was listed under the name of the larger town next to it (probably where the post office is). That took some calling around to find but we were still helped immensely by the GPS maps. Once there, we could record the place using the locator feature. Hope this helps.
I have the same question. Garmin's version is 2013.10. Some reviews here were complaining about the maps being out of date. Could this be the reason this one is so cheap?
Yes it will work with your nuvi 255w. I bought one last summer for my nuvi 295w and it worked flawlessly. Both the 255w and the 295w have Micro-SD slots. The City Navigator UK/Ireland comes as a Micro-SD card inserted in an SD adapter so don't panic when you see an SD card that is too big for your Micro-SD slot--just pull out the Micro-SD chip from the adapter.
We traveled in Ireland from Dublin to Cork to Killarney to Ennis/Shannon in September 2012. Purchased the SD card for my older Garmin which I took with us rather than renting with the rental car(too many fees, not covered by insurance and so on). It was one of the BEST travel decisions we ever made!! Someone suggested inputting coordinates into the Garmin so I looked them up on line in advance. The first day we need to find our hotel(street name only) it took us right to the spot and announced "arriving at ..." We truly would have missed it otherwise and just traveled on. The streets are often long, sometimes the names have changed, or winding with a lost of round abouts. The highlighted routes let you know that you are driving in the right direction and tell you which exit on the roundabout to take. When we took a ferry, the car was shown driving across the water! The only time there was a "hiccup " with it was when we were trying to get to the Burren. It wanted to take us on many very small back roads. Several locals told us ALL GPS's have this issues so ignore it and follow the directions they gave us. Otherwise, I cannot recommend this little investment more highly!!! When you are there and use it you will immediately understand why we rated this so highly. It is truly invaluable!! Don;t leave home with out it! You will marvel at its ability to keep you on track and you will have much more time to enjoy your time there instead of getting lost and/or wondering if you are going the right direction.
Worked great in my nuvi 40. Can't speak for the 760. It made a huge difference when traveling in Ireland. Set up the GPS coordinates for our hotels (most had no street number or address) and places we wanted to see. Drove right to them. Check with the 760 manual about using external maps.
Yes, it is ridiculously tiny - but if you have a regular SD slot you might be able to get an adaptor in Walmart, etc.
I think you should check the manufactures website. www.garmin.com but I used my U.S. bought Garmin that was about four years old. I think as long as you have an SD or Micro SD slot it will work. Don't leave home without it.
probably as long as the nuvi 50 accepts an sd card. I suggest you call Garmin customer service directly to confirm. they are usually responsive and helpful.
It did with mine. I really like it and it's easier to operate.
I bought Office 2007 Home & Student - Spanish, serial / key version without CD, so I downloaded from Microsoft English version & installed in three differents computers, same IP.
Yes. My computer is a Windows 8 and it worked. You get to install in 3 computers.
I have no idea. I am glad I still have an old PC that is working.
Definitely. Run in compatibility mode.
Currently running it with Windows 7. After installing, click properties and run in compatibility mode.
Yes. If you go to the EQ website it says System requirements for EQ6 *Windows XP, Windows Vista, or Windows 7 *Internet access for activation (4 activations included) *CD-ROM drive *Internet Explorer 5 or higher *700 MB of hard drive space *Monitor with screen resolution of 1024 x 768 or greater *Sound card recommended for demo videos I love it and it goes with several other softwares like Dear Jane and Sylvia's Bridal quilt etc.
I am pretty sure it is a full EQ 6 software program. Yes you can use this without any previous EQ's. It is a great program and very good user instructions. Enjoy!
Yes. You need straight on pic of the design and draft the parts over top of a scanned in picture and then print in paper piecing mode.
You are asking a question related to construction, this is a design program and if you have a design in mind you can most likely create it in this program, The program gives you the ability to print out actual size templates and also provides cutting directions based on the color placement as well as the individual shapes. Your question relates to planning how to cut. Hope this helps.
Yes I think it does, although there is a newer version 7 now available. For further information check website electricquilt.com
Very easy to use. Fun to try the different loaded designs and layouts, then try your own. I would definitely recommend.
Minimum system requirements for EQ6 to EQ7 Upgrade *Upgrade version of Electric Quilt 7 will install only if you are a licensed user of Electric Quilt 6 (EQ6) go to the site and call the number too 419-352-1134 a real person will talk to you. AAT #also I have the EQ 7 upgrade so have them both. *Windows XP, Windows Vista, Windows 7, or Windows 8 *Internet access (Internet required for activation, deactivation, and periodic validations.) *750 MB of available hard-disk space *CD-ROM drive FAQs about EQ7 System Requirements About Activation/Deactivation - EQ7 I don't have internet access for EQ7 Validation EQ7 Netbook EQ7 Mac version of EQ7
The specific answer is no, you need one or the other but not both. The advantage of buying the pre-loaded micro-SD version is you are all done. Its just plug and play (or so I read). The disadvantage is the pre-loaded mem card version can not be upgraded which is why I bought the DVD. The DVD version can be updated and they even have a life time update/upgrade you can buy which is what I will likely do if I decide to update the euro maps but I am happy with the results so far. That said, it seems just about everyone, including me, has trouble doing the install from the DVD so it is likely that you too will need to call support but they are nice enough and got me through it. It will take you a few hours. You do need to check the FAQ on the Garmin site carefully to assure that your model can have these maps added to it and to confirm that your unit can accept an 8GB card as you will need one that big to get the maps installed. Good luck...
The map works great! It includes river crossings, train stations, and solid "carbonized" tunnels where your car headlights DON'T WORK!
Not sure, but when I ordered this mapset in 2009 I purchased the maps already loaded on a micro SD card. No DVD. Possibly explains the price differences; DVD, DVD + microSD, microSD versions????
I'm not sure I understand the question, but let me answer it this way. You will want to make sure that you get the latest version of this software that Garmin has published, and it will not be easy to tell in advance if that is what the vendor will sell you. If you want to make sure, order it directly from Garmin, or contact the vendor directly before ordering to make sure that they intend to send you the correct version. Since I have been caught before, also make sure that the seller is an authorized vendor of Garmin products. Some companies, e.g., Sony, will not honor a warranty or give you a free upgrade if you did not purchase the product originally from one of their authorized retailers. I am not sure if Garmin has a similar policy, but it might be worth checking before you buy. If I didn't answer your question, try again.
I believe it is "New (Compression) Technology"-meaning they can get more data on a smaller memory area
To the best of my knowledge, it will allow an update to the latest version when you install it. Always been that way for me. You could call Garmin and ask. 1 (800) 800-1020
I would like to know this too. I am going to Germany and would like to purchase a map for my Garmin nuvi 200.
Hello, I was experiencing the same issue. I registered my maps on my garmin account and downloaded the maps from the site. It worked flawlessly. Hope this works for you, best
I think any gps with a micro slot. I have same gps. Worked great in ger, aust, bel , fr and uk last summer. My friend is using now, but will sell to you for $25 now as I am paying for Ivy League schools for a few years and will not be going anyplace but the office. Thx
Don't really know. Check with Garmin, they should be able to tell you.
I think I purchased mine last year [2013] and only used it in the Republic of Ireland. Good for street numbers in the biggest cities. But, for the places we traveled, it would get you only the correct street. Most places in the countryside don't have numbered addresses. Used mine in my old Nuvi 260 and it worked fine for our purpose. Hope this helps.
Yes, it includes all countries in Europe + Turkey, definitely including Spain, as I can verify from personal experience. I did a motorcycle trip to parts of Spain in 2014, and I'm going back to Spain in 2015. http://www8.garmin.com/cartography/mapSource/citynavntEurocard.jsp Purchase all of Europe on one SD card or indvidual European regions on SD or micro SD preprogrammed cards. Features include: Expanded coverage for Finland, Ireland, Portugal, Spain, and the Czech Republic Expanded points of interest for the U.K. Detailed maps of major metropolitan areas in Europe, including motorways, national and regional thoroughfares and local roads Turn restrictions and speed categories Updated points of interest such as: food and drink lodging border crossings petrol stations hospitals and more Automatically creates point-to-point routes in MapSource and on your NT compatible GPS, see product compatibility list (top right) Enjoy, Fred
Yes; there is a "mode" selection where you can choose walking or driving. The "walking mode" will take you on a more direct path, but sometimes misses shortcuts. It's a great idea for Europe or travel when you don't want to pay for streaming data.
No, we went to Italy and only purchased City Maps for walking. We did not rent a car.
Hi Jmfox, This map was purchased online and it is Europe NT 2015.40 Thank you,
I have not been there, but just typed in an address for Reykjavik and it found the address and calculated correctly. Thus, yes, it will work there as well. The maps have always been very accurate anywhere I traveled in Europe and I have traveled to very many countries already.
I have a Nuvi 1300 and it work fine in it. I would guess, if you have a micro SD slot it will likely work.
Yes, I have personally used it in Italy and it was very accurate.
Not that I know of. However, I did find that my old one for Windows 2000 works on Windows 7.
No, this will not work with Vista. This is an older CDROM version for Windows 98 to XP. Try a new version.
3.0 is the best, it took me a long expensive while to find a new disk, 4.0 isn't bad, both by same authors. After that nothing communicates with past versions, and commands are horrible. Problem is, need to find compatibility mode to run, Bouderbund needs to get the ORIGINAL guys back together to write a new version of 3.!!!
Yes it does I actually have it on my windows 8
I don't know how you got my email. But I did by this product ; For the price it is a great product. I used this to design my kitchen and bath. Yes you do need this to load the .pl1 files. Troy btw (mine is not for sale)
I don't know for sure, but I don't think so (doubt it!). It's a fairly old/obsolete program. It's not even compatible anymore with any newer version of Windows. Such a shame...what an awesome program they "fixed"!!! :/ Hope that helps.
I recently had the same problem. I know it will not work on windows 8 operating system. Mine does work on windows XP
http://www.fixya.com/support/p1245885-learning_company_3d_home_architect_delux 1. I copied the whole CD to my hard drive. (C:\Program Files (x86)\3D Home Architect) 2. Copy missing dll's: (They are in the Direct X folder) files in the 3D Home Architect Installation CD and copy them to C:\Windows\System *D3DRM.DLL *D3DRM8F.DLL *D3DRM16F.DLL *D3DRM24F.DLL *D3DRM32F.DLL 3. Browse to C:\Program Files (x86)\3D Home Architect\PROGRAM\3DHOMEV3.exe and double click
Yes, I just got this one, and I have several of the other DVDs of the other comics (Avengers, Fantastic Four, Spider-man, X-Men, Iron Man) and they all run fine on my computer running Vista.
It doesn't have the original 1940's comics. Just the Silver Age and up.
I have my hot little mitts on the set now and I can confirm it does indeed contain all the issues up to #25, the death issue. What's funny is the front of the box (underneath the flap), which lists significant issues in Captain America's history, lists no less than three occasions on which Cap has "died". The only thing that's too bad about this set is that it doesn't include the Golden Age Captain America issues, which is where the character first started out. But those weren't done by Marvel (which didn't exist as Marvel in the 40's and 50's) so I guess they couldn't include them.
Eric, the files are in PDF format so you can easily read them with the iBooks app. Copy files from the DVD to hard drive and then import them into iTunes. They show up under Books. Then just select issues to add to your iPad when you sync it. Really easy and they read on it just great b
Yes
Use Goodreader
From the original Marvel Spotlight's of the 1970s to 2006. So, yes.
I don't know specifics of the iPad capabilities, but the data is in .pdf format, so any device that can read Adobe .pdf files should be able to view the documents in the same ways other .pdf files can be viewed. If the iPad can't do that, it may not be possible, or there may be an app available that would allow .pdf viewing. After viewing another users answer I can concur that some devices ot versions of pdf readers do leave a transparent but annoying Marvel logo visible. I haven't run into it in a while, and if it is a bother I would check to see if an updated version of an Adobe pdf reader is available.
Possibly there is a kind of error or misunderstanding in connecting "no operating system" with Corel Painter X software, and not necessarily on your part. The term "no operating system" is sometimes used with a PC offered for sale, where the seller is just selling the hardware but does not include the operating system, such as Windows, Linux or iOS (Apple products). Corel Painter X is available for different operating systems (Windows and MacIntosh come to mind), but the actual software is different for each version. Some software detects what your operating system is, and installs the appropriate code, or informs you that you do not have a compatible operating system on your computer. So, my best guess, since this is not common terminology (I checked Google pretty closely) for describing software or its use, it is not properly applied here and was intended for something else, probably for hardware. The seller may have copied some text from elsewhere, not realizing the mismatch in terms and usage. Hope this helps.
The Academic version is a fully working Copy of Painter meant for Academic usage, vs commercial. The only differences between the two was that you couldn't get Tech support from Corel (not free), there was no upgrade path, the startup would have Educational Edition on it, and the EULA (End User License Agreement) asked you do not sell artwork with this version
It should be, I believe both versions were on one DVD. If you get the box like the shown product you should be fine. I had the Academic Copy but got a retail version later, and it has Both OS and a Manual.
Yes, these programs can be installed on 2 or more computers. And if the serial number has been released.
We are still using it on Windows XP as that is what our image setter works best with. I did try CS2 with Windows 8 and it did not work there but did not try CS3 on Windows 8. I would suggest going to Google and asking that question and see the different responses. Some good and some not so goo. Hope this helps you a little.
It has an arabic font, and no flash pro
This is the real version.
I am running CS3 on Win 7 Home.
Pretty sure this is one of the standard ones that allow two machines to run it, but the purpose for that is so that the user can legally use a copy in a second office or laptop.
I don't know how it is with CS3, but if you contact Adobe Support, they will do a one-time same-version (CS2) platform swap for you, switching you from Windows to Mac. You can then purchase the Mac CS3 upgrade once you have been switched over to the Mac platform.
I called adobe yesterday on this. I want to upgrade from a CS upgrade. They said that will work fine. **EDIT: It worked, no problem. **
The Education version can be upgraded, and then becomes a "regular" version (that's the point of the educational discount on the initial purchase, and the reason there is no educational discount on upgrades)
http://www.adobe.com/products/photoshop/photoshopextended/ It says that it is two editions thus implying two different versions. Sorry that nobody replied to this. Kind of rude isn't it?
I loaded two plugins (including Nix) into CS3 the same way I loaded them into CS2 and they worked fine. I did have to uninstall Nix from CS2 before installing it in CS3 though.
They currently do not, and I doubt they ever will. Your best bet is to go the extended route now, or forever hold your peace. Because if you upgrade from photoshop cs2 or whatever to cs3, then go extended, it's going to cost you 550.
The Photoshop CS3 upgrade for Windows is currently $195.99. The Photoshop CS3 Extended upgrade for Windows is currently $341.99. You choose which version you wish to upgrade to.
I don't know how it is with CS3, but if you contact Adobe Support, they will do a one-time same-version (CS2) platform swap for you, switching you from Windows to Mac. You can then purchase the Mac CS3 upgrade once you have been switched over to the Mac platform.
I called adobe yesterday on this. I want to upgrade from a CS upgrade. They said that will work fine. **EDIT: It worked, no problem. **
The Education version can be upgraded, and then becomes a "regular" version (that's the point of the educational discount on the initial purchase, and the reason there is no educational discount on upgrades)
http://www.adobe.com/products/photoshop/photoshopextended/ It says that it is two editions thus implying two different versions. Sorry that nobody replied to this. Kind of rude isn't it?
I loaded two plugins (including Nix) into CS3 the same way I loaded them into CS2 and they worked fine. I did have to uninstall Nix from CS2 before installing it in CS3 though.
They currently do not, and I doubt they ever will. Your best bet is to go the extended route now, or forever hold your peace. Because if you upgrade from photoshop cs2 or whatever to cs3, then go extended, it's going to cost you 550.
The Photoshop CS3 upgrade for Windows is currently $195.99. The Photoshop CS3 Extended upgrade for Windows is currently $341.99. You choose which version you wish to upgrade to.
Yes, it does. I have switched from this product to Roxio's Easy VHS to DVD. There is no capture device needed. USB direct connection to PC and converted by software. If you want to do video, neither of my versions do HD but maybe they've upgraded since I got them.
Yes, you should be able to edit already burned DVD from this software since it does MPEG editing. You should be able to open up TS_Folder(?) and do edit it. Hmmmm... you should download the trial version from the company's website before the purchase. Just to be sure! Good luck!
Yes. Works fine on a PC. Not so good on a Mac. I have converted many VHS tapes with this item.
i had the same thing, you just have to get the updated driver for the capture box to make it sync again.
Open up "Advanced Mode" and go to Step 3: Burn. On the top, there are six clickable menu icons/boxs. Click on the one with a picture of frames and marks, which is "Chapter" feature.
Yes, it does. I have switched from this product to Roxio's Easy VHS to DVD. There is no capture device needed. USB direct connection to PC and converted by software. If you want to do video, neither of my versions do HD but maybe they've upgraded since I got them.
Yes, you should be able to edit already burned DVD from this software since it does MPEG editing. You should be able to open up TS_Folder(?) and do edit it. Hmmmm... you should download the trial version from the company's website before the purchase. Just to be sure! Good luck!
Yes. Works fine on a PC. Not so good on a Mac. I have converted many VHS tapes with this item.
i had the same thing, you just have to get the updated driver for the capture box to make it sync again.
Open up "Advanced Mode" and go to Step 3: Burn. On the top, there are six clickable menu icons/boxs. Click on the one with a picture of frames and marks, which is "Chapter" feature.
Yes, it does. I have switched from this product to Roxio's Easy VHS to DVD. There is no capture device needed. USB direct connection to PC and converted by software. If you want to do video, neither of my versions do HD but maybe they've upgraded since I got them.
Yes, you should be able to edit already burned DVD from this software since it does MPEG editing. You should be able to open up TS_Folder(?) and do edit it. Hmmmm... you should download the trial version from the company's website before the purchase. Just to be sure! Good luck!
Yes. Works fine on a PC. Not so good on a Mac. I have converted many VHS tapes with this item.
i had the same thing, you just have to get the updated driver for the capture box to make it sync again.
Open up "Advanced Mode" and go to Step 3: Burn. On the top, there are six clickable menu icons/boxs. Click on the one with a picture of frames and marks, which is "Chapter" feature.
Yes, it does. I have switched from this product to Roxio's Easy VHS to DVD. There is no capture device needed. USB direct connection to PC and converted by software. If you want to do video, neither of my versions do HD but maybe they've upgraded since I got them.
Yes, you should be able to edit already burned DVD from this software since it does MPEG editing. You should be able to open up TS_Folder(?) and do edit it. Hmmmm... you should download the trial version from the company's website before the purchase. Just to be sure! Good luck!
Yes. Works fine on a PC. Not so good on a Mac. I have converted many VHS tapes with this item.
i had the same thing, you just have to get the updated driver for the capture box to make it sync again.
Open up "Advanced Mode" and go to Step 3: Burn. On the top, there are six clickable menu icons/boxs. Click on the one with a picture of frames and marks, which is "Chapter" feature.
I doubt it, get Dassault Draftsite instead, it's free, it's better and runs on Windows seven. Trying to work between Autcads and Msofts non helpful help lines would be worse than sticking pins into tender places,
I can't say for sure on this. I just had the existing license transferred through AutoDesk for $50.00 and have not had to pay any renewal. Please note though that this will not run on Windows 7 or 8. It has to run on XP which is kind of a pain. I have had good luck with it though.
Checkout Draftsite by Dassault, it free and just as good without the aggravation of Autodesk.
No, one license , one computer. However, you can transfer from an old computer to a new computer. It tAkes calling auto desk from new license codes, no cost.
Yes, I am running on Windows 7 and it works fine.
I can't guarantee that you won't. We had no problems installing it on a pc and using it.
I bought ACAD LT 2008 used on Amazon about 5 months ago. The seller re-issued me a new key code. It's worked perfectly ever since. I've never had the slightest problem.
It definitely works with Windows 7 Professional 64-bit. I don't have Windows 8 running on any of my computers :-(
I was able to install it without a previous version just needed serial. Not an upgrade package. The real deal.
i'm curious myself :)
:-( Couldn't say, I'm located in a country which has no access to downloads; I bought the CD, and I own a laptop only. Sorry :-(
Based on the texture of these cards I would strongly caution against doing this. Plus, because these are meant to be worked on in various mediums, such as water colors and pencils, the ink from your printer will likely feather out into the fibers of the notecards and not give you crisp lines, which is likely what you're looking for. Hope this helps.
I don't know the weight but it is heavy. I really like them
I too am an artist and its my opinion these blank greeting cards by strathmore are a quality that would accommodate acrylics. I seem to remember my first order was textured which may or may not work depending on your concept.
5x7
it's the same color as the paper - cream
The paper is sturdy, but porous. I wouldn't use anything but mini glue dots for adhesive. Anything even a little moist would most likely cause the paper to wrinkle as it dried.
Yes, indeed! These are very lovely cards with matching envelopes. Just be careful when you are ordering, as there may be other color combinations. In the past, I've gotten the ivory cards/envelopes but with gold edging.
Yes, it does.
"Chord Pick Out"
I don't think the company exists anymore. I really wish they did because this is such a great tool for bassists with not that good of an ear.
I am pretty sure you are out of luck. The company seems to have gone under and at least my version of the software needs the internet to get fully authorized to run.
Sibelious is a good program. Try the free demo - download it: http://www.sibelius.com/cgi-bin/download/get.pl?com=sh&prod=sibdemo Hope this helps.
I want to know this too and can not find it anywhere!
Yes it works in Vista 64. There maybe a feature or two that doesn't, or I may be confusing it with a competing product I tried. You could always check out the trial version. http://www.acoustica.com/mixcraft/
I'm using Ulead 11 and it doesn't seem to be much better. At the moment I can create beautiful videos within VideoStudio and I can watch them inside VideoStudio. As soon as I hit "Create Disk" it just crashes. In other cases it shows a dialogbox "Unspecified Error" and then terminates. (For developer: I suspect the "Unspecified Error" is a disguised exception and if it is it would indicate to me a low-quality software engineering approach) Instead of wasting their software engineers time on custom menus, custom buttons, and other custom controls, it would have been a good idea to just make the three basics work reliably: 1. Get the clips from the video camera 2. Select the ones you want to keep 3. Burn a standard DVD that works on a standard DVD player It's almost as if I had a car with luxurious leather seating yet it's missing the engine... Anyone at Ulead (now part of Corel) trying to fix this? What's their QA department looking like? So if you are looking for a working product you may want to wait until version 12 or even later. And then get a trial copy first. I'd recommend to not pay any money until they prove the newer version is better.
http://ec1.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/00/00/00/60/74/26/60742645._V21576549_.pdf
Just out of curiosity: What problem are you having with burning DVDs with Premiere?
I don't think you're going to get the fine-tuning of Final Cut. I like Ulead VideoStudio for its ease of use, but it doesn't at all compare to Final Cut. (No, you can't leave gaps in the timeline, and I don't think you can use the arrow key to go frame by frame either.)
certainly. if you have a digital camera, just plug the usb into it and insert the photos from the camera or from a filed you have saved them
I'm using Ulead 11 and it doesn't seem to be much better. At the moment I can create beautiful videos within VideoStudio and I can watch them inside VideoStudio. As soon as I hit "Create Disk" it just crashes. In other cases it shows a dialogbox "Unspecified Error" and then terminates. (For developer: I suspect the "Unspecified Error" is a disguised exception and if it is it would indicate to me a low-quality software engineering approach) Instead of wasting their software engineers time on custom menus, custom buttons, and other custom controls, it would have been a good idea to just make the three basics work reliably: 1. Get the clips from the video camera 2. Select the ones you want to keep 3. Burn a standard DVD that works on a standard DVD player It's almost as if I had a car with luxurious leather seating yet it's missing the engine... Anyone at Ulead (now part of Corel) trying to fix this? What's their QA department looking like? So if you are looking for a working product you may want to wait until version 12 or even later. And then get a trial copy first. I'd recommend to not pay any money until they prove the newer version is better.
http://ec1.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/00/00/00/60/74/26/60742645._V21576549_.pdf
Just out of curiosity: What problem are you having with burning DVDs with Premiere?
I don't think you're going to get the fine-tuning of Final Cut. I like Ulead VideoStudio for its ease of use, but it doesn't at all compare to Final Cut. (No, you can't leave gaps in the timeline, and I don't think you can use the arrow key to go frame by frame either.)
certainly. if you have a digital camera, just plug the usb into it and insert the photos from the camera or from a filed you have saved them
I'm using Ulead 11 and it doesn't seem to be much better. At the moment I can create beautiful videos within VideoStudio and I can watch them inside VideoStudio. As soon as I hit "Create Disk" it just crashes. In other cases it shows a dialogbox "Unspecified Error" and then terminates. (For developer: I suspect the "Unspecified Error" is a disguised exception and if it is it would indicate to me a low-quality software engineering approach) Instead of wasting their software engineers time on custom menus, custom buttons, and other custom controls, it would have been a good idea to just make the three basics work reliably: 1. Get the clips from the video camera 2. Select the ones you want to keep 3. Burn a standard DVD that works on a standard DVD player It's almost as if I had a car with luxurious leather seating yet it's missing the engine... Anyone at Ulead (now part of Corel) trying to fix this? What's their QA department looking like? So if you are looking for a working product you may want to wait until version 12 or even later. And then get a trial copy first. I'd recommend to not pay any money until they prove the newer version is better.
http://ec1.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/00/00/00/60/74/26/60742645._V21576549_.pdf
Just out of curiosity: What problem are you having with burning DVDs with Premiere?
I don't think you're going to get the fine-tuning of Final Cut. I like Ulead VideoStudio for its ease of use, but it doesn't at all compare to Final Cut. (No, you can't leave gaps in the timeline, and I don't think you can use the arrow key to go frame by frame either.)
certainly. if you have a digital camera, just plug the usb into it and insert the photos from the camera or from a filed you have saved them
I'm using Ulead 11 and it doesn't seem to be much better. At the moment I can create beautiful videos within VideoStudio and I can watch them inside VideoStudio. As soon as I hit "Create Disk" it just crashes. In other cases it shows a dialogbox "Unspecified Error" and then terminates. (For developer: I suspect the "Unspecified Error" is a disguised exception and if it is it would indicate to me a low-quality software engineering approach) Instead of wasting their software engineers time on custom menus, custom buttons, and other custom controls, it would have been a good idea to just make the three basics work reliably: 1. Get the clips from the video camera 2. Select the ones you want to keep 3. Burn a standard DVD that works on a standard DVD player It's almost as if I had a car with luxurious leather seating yet it's missing the engine... Anyone at Ulead (now part of Corel) trying to fix this? What's their QA department looking like? So if you are looking for a working product you may want to wait until version 12 or even later. And then get a trial copy first. I'd recommend to not pay any money until they prove the newer version is better.
http://ec1.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/00/00/00/60/74/26/60742645._V21576549_.pdf
Just out of curiosity: What problem are you having with burning DVDs with Premiere?
I don't think you're going to get the fine-tuning of Final Cut. I like Ulead VideoStudio for its ease of use, but it doesn't at all compare to Final Cut. (No, you can't leave gaps in the timeline, and I don't think you can use the arrow key to go frame by frame either.)
certainly. if you have a digital camera, just plug the usb into it and insert the photos from the camera or from a filed you have saved them
It does not edit vhs tapes, but will edit video from vhs tapes that have been transferred to a computer. To do so on your own computer would either require a computer, or a hardware accesary that lets you connect the VHS to the computer.
Yes it can. I combined several MiniDVD's (5- 3in) in one DVD (DL). My problem is that I'm using Panasonic HDC-DX1 which creates the MiniDVD's using Blue-Ray format. To keep the High Def mode you are limited in the amount of video you can store in Blue-Ray format since you are not burning a Blue-Ray disk. Using a std DVD (DL) for the most storage I can get about 64-72 minutes (depending on bit rate) of video and keep the High Def quality. Studio 11 will combine the video if you paste each MiniDVD into the timeline separately and then make a new disk. There are lots of options to chose from and you can get more on a disk with lesser quality. One thing to remember the other comments are correct in that creation in Studio takes a long time, so don't give up while you're doing it. I'm using a 3.2 GHZ Pentium 4 with 2 GB of RAM. It took about 20 Hrs (of Rendering) to make a 70 minute Blue-Ray compatible DVD. I've also used Nero 8 and that also takes a long time too. Good Luck
Pinnacle has their own site that you might find answers to all your questions. There on the forums you will quickly find out whether it's a good to have or not. I understand their live support sucks... How's the software? I have studio 9 and need to upgrade NOW!!! Had a few problems in the past but it was sorted eventually? Do I want to go through it again?
Once you purchase the software you can load it on all your computers. MS Works is great software, especially if you do a lot of data base work. A lot easier than MS Access.
Yes. Just use windows 7 desktop, not windows 8 desktop features. Load MS Works and then click on Programs and select MS Works.
Yes. It works just fine.
Yes it will work on windows seven. I had no problems.
Absolutely! I've been running it on a Win 8.1 computer for 6 months and haven't had any problems. This is still one of the best basic word processors I've ever used.
Yes, I have windows 8.1 and it is working fine. ;)
It works with Windows 8.1
Yes, it sure will. That is what I have and have never had a problem with it.
From the questions you ask about Microsoft Works 9.0 I don't think this is what you are looking for. Microsoft Works is a BASIC do everything package and it is not very useful in anything you asked. It is very limited in the things it does do. It has a lot of templates for people that want something to do basic things for them. The word processor is very basic and helps if you are not a good speller for instance. I found that for things that you call house hold chores that there was nothing that I could uses it for because you had to use something and a format that was chosen by someone that you could not change in any way. I found the data base part of the software to be very useful for my needs and use it very often. I think that you will find that is the case with any "do everything" software. I think in the long run it is best to buy the specific software for each thing you want to do rather than a do all do nothing right package. Harold
worked perfectly
Sort of. I make sure to set up categories for business income and deductible expenses and make sure to categorize those expenses when I enter them throughout the year. At the end of the year I just print out a category report and I have my numbers.
Yes, reports can be printed. The graphs and the transactions.
No and that's not a feature I see them offering anytime soon. YNAB is first and foremost a budgeting methodology and the software helps its users to budget accordingly. While it has several nice features, they are all focused on the core of the software's purpose: the budget.
Yes! It only supports one currency per budget, but can do any currency. There are many international users on the support forums
I don't think so except to the extent you want to track spending within confines of retirement income...
You can't link any, which I prefer because is it more secure. You just download the bank data and import it. As far as how many accounts can you work with inside the system, probably 30. But less is better and easier to manage.
I actually downloaded from their website and the whole process is online. There was no disk.
It is supposed to, but I have yet to get it to link to my Dropbox account. I have emailed the company twice for support, but they have never responded. Customer support is horrible!
I am using YNAB 4 and it can import transactions that you have downloaded from your online banking. It doesn't connect directly to your bank or credit card account, however. They do have an app, which I don't use, so it's possible that has more options.
It has all of these except the alerts - or at least, I have never seen an alert function.
We have Windows 7, and it works for us. No clues about Windows 8.
I wouldn't recommend this for windows 8. you have the keep the disk in the drive while using it and the window is fixed at tiny,
Not sure Navy Mom.... but my computer was about that old when I purchased this software. I'm pretty sure I had XP
I have never used this program with anything except a PC, however, it does state it is compatible with Mac. My mother is an educator and has used Jump Start programs in the past on her Mac without any issues. I hope this helps!
I am in the same boat as I just purchased the same unit and plan on hiking & driving in the (NE) US. I have considered the following software: Topo US 100K - has received many negative responses on postings Topo US 24K NE - ? City Navigator US - (for driving, used on a limited basis)not sure if I really need this Does anyone have any good feedback????
City Navigator for your biking and Bluechart for the kayak and you'll be good to go.
For 2 years I have been using a 60CSx for geocaching using just the base maps that came with the unit. My biggest complaint is that there are too few details on the original base maps. Only major roads are shown and there is no indication of topography. Using the original base maps I usually must map out the way to a cache online before I head out. This has been working for me so far, but I have finally decided to upgrade to topo maps to make navigation to a cache easier as well as having road information when traveling. Overall, they're not necessary, but they sure are nice to have!
Frm what I can see, it does,but only in a generic way. I caution against buying this upgrade tho. I had nothing but problems with my Garmin after I upgraded to this 2008 update. I ended up buying a newer model, and Wada uite frankly, I am not too happy with that either. I have been relying on AAA maps for the past year. Good luck.
I'm a Mac user and mountain biker. I use a Garmin GPSMAP 60scx handheld with Garmin's MapSource Topo US maps. I carry the GPS with me in my pack and turn on the tracking when I'm in unknown territory or exploring new trails. This enables me to see and decide if I should turn left/right or turn around when I meet up with some road or other trail. Since it's showing a 1:100,000 topo, I can see contour lines. Later I can review the tracks I made and find my total ascent/decent and review a profile of elevation change by distance. I can save the track on the GPS and upload it to my Mac to share with other GPS equipped riders. Using the TOPO US on my Mac, I can also find trails that might be suitable for later explorations. Plot a route over the trail and then transfer the route to my GPS so that I can find and follow the trail while in the field. Sometimes however, the trail shown on the map no longer really exists since the digitized topo map is based on older topos and nature tends to grow over trails that have not been maintained or were purposely closed. The GPS has really enhanced my ability to explore and discover new riding terrain. If it did as much for my strength and endurance as it has for my field orientation and ability to know where to go, I'd really be krankin up and down everything! Hope this helps. Paul
I found the chroma keying feature to be excellent. You can take a sample of your green-screen's color and fine tune the tolerance with the program. You can download a trial at the sony vegas website to experiment with that feature.
I believe the +DVD version includes DVD Architect. I'm not sure if you need DVD Architect to make a DVD, or if it just provides a few extra features when burning to a DVD. I think you need DVD Architect if you are planning on burning BlueRay discs.
I have the same camcorder. Download a trial version of the software from sony's website. It would well with it.
I've been a money user since the early days and I think these yearly updates have rarely added anything new (except maybe early 2000). I would say that you're wasting money especially if you're not using the automatic statement/balance downloads from your bank. I've never used the feature, but I do have a couple of mutual funds/stocks stored in Money and it does a good job of updated them automatically. The only thing is that these features have to be renewed through software upgrades/purchases about every two years or else you have to input the data manually. I'm currently using Money 2006 and recently tried Money Plus. I really didn't see anything significant except maybe the program startup time. It continued to display the same erroneous data as my current version. Ex. How many time do I have to tell a piece of software that I pay my entire credit card balance every month? Then when I go in the bills summary, it reflects an amount that isn't consistent with the actual account balance. Is that worth paying $45+ for a new piece of software? I really don't think so. What I will never understand is why can't MS publish something a little more detailed information(like Intel when they release new BIOS versions) to let us know what they did. I think it's because they didn't fix very much in the past 12 months since the last release. What they are doing is charging you money for new versions that may have corrected some (not all) bugs. That's garbage--they should release patches like Quicken does when there is something important. Just my 2cents.
I cannot answer this, when I installed money 2004 I had a hard time and so I contacted the Computer people who created the software and they assisted me to make it work
The format are incompatible. You will need a copy of 2010 to read the database. If you still want to use 2007, you can export the data into the older format from there, but you still need 2010 to read the file.
I have been moving Money 2004 from one computer to another for the last 4+ years. Just load the CD and to move your data, just do a backup of the files from one computer and then do a restore on the new one.
I had exactly the same thing happen. After not being able to reach Microsoft (it was Sunday) I did some web research and found the cause and the cure. This worked perfectly for me. Here's the scoop: The Problem: When entering the activation key for Money Plus, there are a number of boxes which allow you to put in the code. If you find that you can only enter four digits instead of five in the activation code fields, this is because you are using large fonts on your Windows system. To workaround this, perform one of the following options: * Change the font size to the normal (default) size. This can be done through the Windows control panel or by right clicking the desktop and selecting the appropriate option (Personalize in Vista). You should refer to Windows Help for more information here. * Alternatively, copy the full activation key and paste into the Activation dialog box. Include the dashes If your key is a 'physical' one, for example coming in a CD box, then the second option can be achieved by typing into another program, such as WordPad or NotePad, and then copy/pasting.
I have VISTA and downloaded the trial version from Microsoft and it works fine.
Careful, several people have said the rebate is not included in the box and Amazon makes no warranties that the rebate is included. I'm in the same boat, I want to upgrade over 2007 and wanted a hard copy but it looks like the rebate might not be available via amazon.
I thoroughly tried Quicken once and it seemed to me much less convenient than Money (maybe because I got used to it already). Lousy interface, not possible to work with different currencies etc.
I purchased this as a download product directly from Microsoft. The rebate form says "Only downloadable Money Plus products that message these rebates at the time of purchase qualify for this offer". It also says "downloadable from Microsoft or from a qualifying retailer". So it appears the rebate would only be applicable if Amazon has a download version. You could try this link for more information: http://rebatestatus.microsoft.young-america.com/reb_FindRebate.asp Product SKU: KEA-00005
No
I believe the only difference between the 3 versions is the amount of included access time on Ancestry.com. FTM 2008 Basic is 1 month; FTM 2008 Deluxe is 3 months; FTM 2008 Platinum is 6 months. Now, if this full access to EVERYTHING (don't know if it is but since it says premium access, I would think so) I pay $300 a year for full access to both US and International records. If the premium access is limited to just the US, it's still $180 a year. Therefore, FTM 2008 Platinum, with the current rebate offered, is a great deal for 6 months free access that is worth anywhere between $90 to $150 in REAL dollars! And believe me, with access to those billions of records at Ancestry's web site, you are guaranteed to find many of your ancestors! I would jump at this deal if I could, but I already have a yearly subscription and I'm using FTM 2008.
In my own experiance, I suffered major data corruption, and many fact fields did not copy at all. I strongly recommend upgrading to Family Tree Maker v16 instead, it works perfectly with my 24,000 records with no issues what-so-ever.
I have Family Tree Maker 4.0 (almost an antique!) and just downloaded it successfully to Vista.
Yes it can upgrade it but no key. You enter your machines product number. Your machine has to have vista as original programming or the product key from the vista. Hope this helps. I have XP and this only upgrades vista to vista.
No.. You need a Mircosoft Upgrade Windows from XP to Vista. Not just Mircosoft Windows Vista itself. It is pretty simple to upgrade from XP and just follow the screen directions.
it will but you my not i need
I no longer have Vista, so I do not know.
yes it works with windows 8 or windows 8.1. it doesnt work well with bigger files. i suggest useing this. Vice Versa, get it hear at http://www.tgrmn.com/ works with windows 7, 8 and 8. it even copies movie files with no problem, makes Folder cloneing worthless
I have windows 7 but it says it is designed for XP also. check www.saltybrine.com (folderclone standard)
My apologies for the slow response. FolderClone is a single license. It should only be used on one computer at a time. But you can use it on your PC and your laptop, for example, as long as the same individual is using it, and using only one at a time. Thank you.
get rid of this program. it doesnt work on larger files. i have alot better program. go here to get it: http://www.tgrmn.com/. install the 30 free trail and see the difference. folder close is garbage
Sorry we have not used it yet so do not know the answer.
You would need to purchase two licenses. There is a more cost-effective license however - the Home License Upgrade. This license allows you to install and run FolderClone on an unlimited number of computers in your home for an additional small amount. After you purchase a single user license, you might be offered this upgrade automatically as part of the documentation you receive with your purchase. If not, simply contact Salty Brine Software (sales@saltybrine.com) and they will set you up with this additional license.
I select when I wand a back-up, There is not a on the fly setting. There is one for every few minust though. John
yes
Yes, you FolderClone can backup to any folder or drive connected to your computer. Keep in mind that it can't back up active system files.
dont know
Yes you can Matilda saves all recipes you can choose by author to print whichever recipes you would like
Brenda, I purchased this product in 2010 and my computer had Vista... I am not sure if this will work for you.. they may have done some updates to their program. I would check into it first. That being said... I do love the program. I am sure if they have done any updates it will be just as good....
What aboyt downloading them on your usb. Call you computer guru! lol!
love it....spell check and email.
I have not tried to add any photos, so not sure how to answer that.
Sorry, I don't know...it should be under the information on the requirements on Amazon for it
You can download it to multiple computers
I can't remember for sure. I had to type mine in but due to various reasons. However, this software is a good one
go to the gps find inf and look for 2008 version if sucessful it will show up there. I felt the same way you do and by using these updates in NC and SC I have not seen any updates. So you probably were sucessful as I was in two cases first getting the updates installed and two getting ripped off by Garmin see my rating and discussion. Good Luck.
I emailed Garmin about the 2009 map updates, and getting them free as well since you purchased one now with the obsolete maps on it. This is what they had to say. Thank you for contacting Garmin International. Our newest version of mapping software was released in May of 2007. The title of this update is City Navigator NT 2008. Map updates are released every 12 - 15 months. You can probably expect our next map update to be released sometime in the Summer of 2008. To check for this update please log onto our website www.garmin.com and click on "MAPS" at the top of the page. The next screen will show "MAP UPDATES", please click on it. This will allow you to type in your 'serial number' in the search field. Type in your serial number and click on 'Find'. This will display your mapping update if there is one to order. If nothing displays this will indicate that your Garmin is already fully up to date. If a map update displays you will also notice there is a link that should allow you to register your product to receive this at no cost. If this is an option your first mapping update will be at no charge. ** Keep in mind for the future, map updates are at a cost. ** Map update can be ordered online from our website www.garmin.com, over the phone at 1.800.800.1020, or in local retail store like Best Buy, Circuit City, Wal-Mart etc. The cost for this update is generally around $75.00 to order. This will be a DVD formatted software disk that will be able to load to your computer. You will need a USB cable to connect your Garmin to the computer for the update to complete. This process is said to take around 45 minutes. This update will give your Garmin device updates on streets, highways, construction, restaurants etc. Please let me know if you have any further questions or concerns regarding this update
That sounds strange. I have updated many Garmin GPS's and it never loses the favorites, etc.
I use it with Vista - I think it would be fine with windows 7 too.
Yes, according to the Quicken website.
Do not know
Yes, if you have the kind of checks that fit your printer.
Yes
Yes it is
No it's not
No it was the original CD and installed just fine. No number like MS Office or something like that needed when installing.
I, too, got the "non-compliance" postcard for the $65 rebate for this product. They claim that "Your submissions does not include the Original red and white Kaspersky 'K' label". I followed the rebate instructions to the letter, and included exactly what they required. I double checked everything before sealing the envelope and specifically remember including the red and white K that I cut out from the box. Learning that several other people are having the exact SAME issue with this rebate seems very suspicious, and I want to see this situation corrected.
When you buy the retail box, it includes 1-yr license. Thats 1-yr for each computer that you install it onto. Instead of paying the renewal fee, it would likely be cheaper to buy it again next year when new rebates come out (they almost always come out) which make it free after-rebate (like it is now).
Spoke with amazon customer service; they said to go to orders; click on specific order number then click on print invoice; what appears is what's titled "Final Details for Order #002-8441476-xxxxxxx" and contains item, payment, and payment method. They say this is their sales receipt.
My serial number was on a sticker on the back of the cd sleeve. If yours isn't there, maybe they stuck it somewhere else or maybe it's missing.
It doesn't really matter what version they ship. Just download the latest version, install it, and register with the key that comes in the box.
Eileen: Call up Adobe and let them know that you switched from Windows to a Mac and wish to switch your Adobe software to the Mac version. When I made the switch, I called them up and they sent me out the Mac versions of my Photoshop CS2 and Photoshop Essentials at no charge (I may have had to pay shipping). It was a one-time offer... in other words, I could not switch back (for free) if I later decided I wanted to switch back to the Windows version again. This was about a 1 1/2 years ago, and I'm not sure if they still offer this option. I wish that Adobe would release a single box containing both the Windows and Mac versions of their software, like they did with Lightroom.
I would not recommend it. I tried Call of Duty on Vista Ultimate on a VMware Fusion partition and it would not run at all - even with an iMac 2.8 GHz and 4 GB of ram. I also tried some less video card intensive games - Age of Empires and Command and Conquer and they pretty much bombed out as well. I suspect it is the VMware video drivers as you can only use their Direct X in emulation. If you do Bootcamp and load up XP or Vista the games will probably run faster than on your PC - that was my ultimate solution. As I understand it Parallels has the same problems. Hope this helps.
The only reason I chose Fusion was that it had much better support than Parallels. If you have trouble, Fusion gets back to you. Parallels does not. Although, Parallels may have changed its tune since then, so you may want to do a little more research.
What year is your Mac? This version can only be use on pre-2008 Macs.
VMware Fusion 2.0 (out now, a free upgrade from 1.0) is multilanguage. 2.0 includes a Spanish language version. (1.0 included French, German, Japanese, and Simplified Chinese, and 2.0 added Spanish and Italian.)
Yes, the current 1.1 upgrade is free for 1.0 users. Hope it remains free though :) But I can imagine they want you to pay after they ported all the nifty features from VMware Workstation.
If you click on the 'Rebate' link in the product info, you will see a link to the rebate form PDF from Smith Micro. The one form gives you both options - either the $20 standard rebate or the $30 competitive rebate.
You actually have to wipe the windows partition, then re install windows. Im not sure how, but I was on apples website and there was a forum about how to delet boot camp partitions. and then restore them to the mac side so you can do it again.
Not on my Toshiba laptop. have tried but it crashed every time Len Matthews
It depends on which processor chip you have in your machine... if you have a 32-bit chip then Elements 6 has a 32-bit Vista version available now. However, if you are one of those with a new 64-bit system then Elements 6 does not have a Vista compatable version yet.
You can get the form at http://clientimages.cpginc.com/logo/forms/adobe/PhotoShopElements6.pdf. The form actually requires proof of ownership of some competing product, but one of the listed products is Google Picasa, which is free. Not a real high bar they're setting.
To Pat and J.Crosby, In my opinion, do youself a favour and don't go anywhere near Photoshop Elements 6 (PSE6). I paid for an upgrade from an earlier version and have wasted my money. The program crashes continually to such an extent it is unusable. From my googling on the internet this is the experience of numerous other people. There are no solutions I can find on the Adobe site and although these complaints seem to have been posted since PSE6 was first brought out there are no upgrades or patches to fix what are a myriad of problems. A number of people have complained that the program worked initially and then started continually crashing and that has been my experience. I won't be buying more Adobe products until they show a bit of customer care and isuue fixes for this mess. I have downloaded and installed a trial version of Pro Photo X2 and so far it seems stable. PSE6 may have more bells and whistles but that is not much use if they are unusable due to continual program crashes.
I would try the "Liquify" filter. Look under "filter" then "distort". A great Elements forum can be found here: http://www.elementsvillage.com/forums/index.php
That depends on a lot of other parameters. What Windows version are you using, what are your needs, and others. I happen to use XP and design graphics mainly for website use, so I went back to 6 after trying both 8 and 10. It does everything I need very well.
Yes, previous versions did. I believe you use layers and layer masks to create the effect. One layer is colored, with a black and white copy layer on top. Then just erase the parts of the black and white layer that are over the bouquet.
Well, I upgraded to PSE 6.0 from PSE 5.0 a few months ago, really without thinking about it. I just wanted the latest software. Unfortunately, I have had quite a few problems relating to the uploading of RAW files, i.e., the program doesn't seem to be able to handle them. After I've uploaded them from the built-in card reader in my PC (running Windows XP), the thumbnails in the Organizer appear as "broken links" and usually the program crashes shortly thereafter. I've seen complaints about this on various forums but Adobe seems apparently unable or unwilling to do anything about it at this point. It does seem to be limited to this one feature (i.e., uploading .CR2 files) but that is a drag because that is the format I usually shoot in. Otherwise, it's a terrific program. It certainly has lots of great features. But I'm spending too much time trying to keep it running. I should have stuck with PSE 5.0 until Adobe came out with some fixes for this.
Your monitor needs to run at exactly 96 dpi -- if you run it at a higher dpi, a bug in PSE 6 prevents the menus from displaying properly! See this Adobe knowledgebase article: http://kb.adobe.com/selfservice/viewContent.do?externalId=kb402728&sliceId=1 This leaves two unsatisfactory choices: a) Reduce your dpi to 96 and live with the hard-to-read small menu fonts. b) Reduce the screen resolution to less than 1680x1050 and live with the fuzziness and reduced sharpness of text and photos. Adobe screwed this up, given how many people have high-resolution displays, especially the new laptops.
You can * burn it to a disc * copy it to a jump/usb drive * if your computers are networked you can access it from your laptop * failing the above, you can download it to your laptop
Far as I can tell, yes...
If your computer recognizes the device, the program will play it.
We haven't tested
According to Dell, Yes. Dell Cyberlink PowerDVD versions 8.x & 9.x will play BluRay source: http://support.dell.com/support/topics/global.aspx/support/kcs/document?docid=475725&DoNotRedirect=y A word of warning. Cyberlink support for the retail 9.x series ended June 2011. Dell support for the OEM version is hard to find. In the Dell support forums there is a post by TinyButDeadly with a download link for an update (March 2013) -- fourth post on the linked page. http://en.community.dell.com/support-forums/software-os/f/3524/t/19474567.aspx?PageIndex=2
No. In the preferences menu it shows listings for the following languages: English, French, German, Spanish, Italian, Dutch, Swedish, Danish & Norwegian. Unfortunately, Arabic is not listed. You would probably have to contact the company for further information. I hope my answer helps.
I am using it now on Windows 7. Additionally, I had an older CD-Rom version that I used on Windows 98. I have had no problems. The only thing is that I have to repair Screenwriter whenever my computer crashes by using the Control Panel function instead of uninstalling the software.
Yes! And this product is fabulous!
They no longer ship with a physical product guide. The software should contain a PDF guide that you can also find on the manufacturers website.
http://www.screenplay.com/p-29-movie-magic-screenwriter-6.aspx includes this sentence: screenplay.com Full production breakdown reports with industry standard colors. *Show Screenshot* screenplay.com Integrated script tagging for export into Movie Magic Scheduling & others
I'm sorry I don't know. If you send them an e-mail or call them, I'm sure they will answer your question. Phone: +1 (800) 84-STORY [+1 (800) 847-8679] http://www.screenplay.com/t-faq.aspx I hope this information helpful. Good Luck
Yes. Mine does and I love it.
I have Screenwriter and I like the index card function. I don't think that's in Final Draft. It makes it a snap to move scenes, and lets you run through the whole script very quickly.
I called tech support and asked the same thing as it does crash now and then, so I am in the habit of saving my work every few sentences. They did not have a response other then "We are working on it." Other than that, very please with it. Just SAVE your work every few minutes or else you LOSE it.
What machine are you using?
No. In the preferences menu it shows listings for the following languages: English, French, German, Spanish, Italian, Dutch, Swedish, Danish & Norwegian. Unfortunately, Arabic is not listed. You would probably have to contact the company for further information. I hope my answer helps.
I am using it now on Windows 7. Additionally, I had an older CD-Rom version that I used on Windows 98. I have had no problems. The only thing is that I have to repair Screenwriter whenever my computer crashes by using the Control Panel function instead of uninstalling the software.
Yes! And this product is fabulous!
They no longer ship with a physical product guide. The software should contain a PDF guide that you can also find on the manufacturers website.
http://www.screenplay.com/p-29-movie-magic-screenwriter-6.aspx includes this sentence: screenplay.com Full production breakdown reports with industry standard colors. *Show Screenshot* screenplay.com Integrated script tagging for export into Movie Magic Scheduling & others
I'm sorry I don't know. If you send them an e-mail or call them, I'm sure they will answer your question. Phone: +1 (800) 84-STORY [+1 (800) 847-8679] http://www.screenplay.com/t-faq.aspx I hope this information helpful. Good Luck
Yes. Mine does and I love it.
I have Screenwriter and I like the index card function. I don't think that's in Final Draft. It makes it a snap to move scenes, and lets you run through the whole script very quickly.
I called tech support and asked the same thing as it does crash now and then, so I am in the habit of saving my work every few sentences. They did not have a response other then "We are working on it." Other than that, very please with it. Just SAVE your work every few minutes or else you LOSE it.
What machine are you using?
No. In the preferences menu it shows listings for the following languages: English, French, German, Spanish, Italian, Dutch, Swedish, Danish & Norwegian. Unfortunately, Arabic is not listed. You would probably have to contact the company for further information. I hope my answer helps.
I am using it now on Windows 7. Additionally, I had an older CD-Rom version that I used on Windows 98. I have had no problems. The only thing is that I have to repair Screenwriter whenever my computer crashes by using the Control Panel function instead of uninstalling the software.
Yes! And this product is fabulous!
They no longer ship with a physical product guide. The software should contain a PDF guide that you can also find on the manufacturers website.
http://www.screenplay.com/p-29-movie-magic-screenwriter-6.aspx includes this sentence: screenplay.com Full production breakdown reports with industry standard colors. *Show Screenshot* screenplay.com Integrated script tagging for export into Movie Magic Scheduling & others
I'm sorry I don't know. If you send them an e-mail or call them, I'm sure they will answer your question. Phone: +1 (800) 84-STORY [+1 (800) 847-8679] http://www.screenplay.com/t-faq.aspx I hope this information helpful. Good Luck
Yes. Mine does and I love it.
I have Screenwriter and I like the index card function. I don't think that's in Final Draft. It makes it a snap to move scenes, and lets you run through the whole script very quickly.
I called tech support and asked the same thing as it does crash now and then, so I am in the habit of saving my work every few sentences. They did not have a response other then "We are working on it." Other than that, very please with it. Just SAVE your work every few minutes or else you LOSE it.
What machine are you using?
Anti-Virus software has always been seperate, the fact that this is made by Microsoft makes no difference. It will never come included with the OS because Microsoft would be accused of using their monopoly to force their anti-virus on users. You can argue that anti-virus should be included for free, but thats never going to happen. You can also only have one anti-virus running at a time. However this is actualy a rip off for a different reason. They are discontinuing the service in June so its a waist of money. Buy NOD32 or Kaspersky instead (I don't trust Norton and Mcafee)
A call to the OneCare Help Desk confirmed that you can renew by entering a new product key. I did purchase Windows OneCare from Amazon.com at a substantial savings. When you go to renew your subscription there is a screen that gives you the option to enter a prepaid PIN. By inserting the product key, your subscription is renewed immediately. This makes it possible to renew and not have to worry about annual renewal fees being charged to your credit card, or having to cancel the auto-renew function.
Hi Kona! This is what I did and I REALLY like Windows Live OneCare. I went to the Norton site and printed out the "uninstall" directions. After it was uninstalled from my 'control panel', I noticed there were still some .dll files on my computer - DON'T WORRY! Leave them. I rebooted after uninstalling the Norton. Then I installed Windows Live OneCare and then rebooted. It is fast and does everything simply. I would imagine that you should uninstall SpyBot the same way. One program at a time. Windows Live OneCare is BETTER than SpyBot. I'm really happy - let me know how it goes! martyhogan@sbcglobal.net
Go with Windows Live OneCare 2.0, which is offered here, and you can check my review to see the reasons why. Be aware, though, that Microsoft has announced that will discontinue retail sales of Windows Live OneCare subscription service, effective June 30th, 2009. They are working on a move to provide a free anti-virus software application, code-named "Morro" which is designed to offer comprehensive protection from various forms of malicious software, including viruses, spyware, rootkits and trojans, by focusing on a smaller footprint that uses fewer computing resources. Until the day that the software with the code-name of "Morro" becomes available for testing, I'll stick with Windows Live OneCare, not just because of the amazing new low prices, but because it works.
Anti-Virus software has always been seperate, the fact that this is made by Microsoft makes no difference. It will never come included with the OS because Microsoft would be accused of using their monopoly to force their anti-virus on users. You can argue that anti-virus should be included for free, but thats never going to happen. You can also only have one anti-virus running at a time. However this is actualy a rip off for a different reason. They are discontinuing the service in June so its a waist of money. Buy NOD32 or Kaspersky instead (I don't trust Norton and Mcafee)
A call to the OneCare Help Desk confirmed that you can renew by entering a new product key. I did purchase Windows OneCare from Amazon.com at a substantial savings. When you go to renew your subscription there is a screen that gives you the option to enter a prepaid PIN. By inserting the product key, your subscription is renewed immediately. This makes it possible to renew and not have to worry about annual renewal fees being charged to your credit card, or having to cancel the auto-renew function.
Hi Kona! This is what I did and I REALLY like Windows Live OneCare. I went to the Norton site and printed out the "uninstall" directions. After it was uninstalled from my 'control panel', I noticed there were still some .dll files on my computer - DON'T WORRY! Leave them. I rebooted after uninstalling the Norton. Then I installed Windows Live OneCare and then rebooted. It is fast and does everything simply. I would imagine that you should uninstall SpyBot the same way. One program at a time. Windows Live OneCare is BETTER than SpyBot. I'm really happy - let me know how it goes! martyhogan@sbcglobal.net
Go with Windows Live OneCare 2.0, which is offered here, and you can check my review to see the reasons why. Be aware, though, that Microsoft has announced that will discontinue retail sales of Windows Live OneCare subscription service, effective June 30th, 2009. They are working on a move to provide a free anti-virus software application, code-named "Morro" which is designed to offer comprehensive protection from various forms of malicious software, including viruses, spyware, rootkits and trojans, by focusing on a smaller footprint that uses fewer computing resources. Until the day that the software with the code-name of "Morro" becomes available for testing, I'll stick with Windows Live OneCare, not just because of the amazing new low prices, but because it works.
Anti-Virus software has always been seperate, the fact that this is made by Microsoft makes no difference. It will never come included with the OS because Microsoft would be accused of using their monopoly to force their anti-virus on users. You can argue that anti-virus should be included for free, but thats never going to happen. You can also only have one anti-virus running at a time. However this is actualy a rip off for a different reason. They are discontinuing the service in June so its a waist of money. Buy NOD32 or Kaspersky instead (I don't trust Norton and Mcafee)
A call to the OneCare Help Desk confirmed that you can renew by entering a new product key. I did purchase Windows OneCare from Amazon.com at a substantial savings. When you go to renew your subscription there is a screen that gives you the option to enter a prepaid PIN. By inserting the product key, your subscription is renewed immediately. This makes it possible to renew and not have to worry about annual renewal fees being charged to your credit card, or having to cancel the auto-renew function.
Hi Kona! This is what I did and I REALLY like Windows Live OneCare. I went to the Norton site and printed out the "uninstall" directions. After it was uninstalled from my 'control panel', I noticed there were still some .dll files on my computer - DON'T WORRY! Leave them. I rebooted after uninstalling the Norton. Then I installed Windows Live OneCare and then rebooted. It is fast and does everything simply. I would imagine that you should uninstall SpyBot the same way. One program at a time. Windows Live OneCare is BETTER than SpyBot. I'm really happy - let me know how it goes! martyhogan@sbcglobal.net
Go with Windows Live OneCare 2.0, which is offered here, and you can check my review to see the reasons why. Be aware, though, that Microsoft has announced that will discontinue retail sales of Windows Live OneCare subscription service, effective June 30th, 2009. They are working on a move to provide a free anti-virus software application, code-named "Morro" which is designed to offer comprehensive protection from various forms of malicious software, including viruses, spyware, rootkits and trojans, by focusing on a smaller footprint that uses fewer computing resources. Until the day that the software with the code-name of "Morro" becomes available for testing, I'll stick with Windows Live OneCare, not just because of the amazing new low prices, but because it works.
Yes, it does
Roxio, easy media creator 8,9,10 and the newer version 2009
I am tempted to say that NOTHING works with Windows 8 ;) I have not tried it.
Yes. I installed Nero 8 Ultra on My Windows 7 HP Laptop and it works perfectly. Haven't had an issue in 3 years. I been using it all week making videos of home movies and copying DVDs for Christmas presents. Von Ehman
I think it can be installed on 8.1, but since it is outdated, there are not any more updates. This site may help: http://answers.microsoft.com/en-us/office/forum/officeversion_other-word/word-2000-crash-with-windows-81/6ea471c5-b3f7-48a9-ae7d-1bf0aac18ec3
Yes Rod it does.
No I don't believe it does.
I tried unsuccessfully to install it on Windows 7, so .......... I doubt it.
I've used this software to create Glitter and Sparkle images for websites. It's beautiful and works really well. http://gems.smileygenerator.us/ The URL above is a website where I display my very best pieces of work. All done through Paint Shop Pro and Jasc Animation software.. :)
PSPx2 is full of bugs. Corel should send you a new copy, on their dime. I have had crashes and frozen screens on PSP X and X2. I have given up on it. The problems multiplied in Windows 7, especially 64-bit. PSP X works on my XP laptop, but that's not where I want to work on graphics.
And to amplify the previous response a little, Paint Shop Pro (PSP) was for many years a shareware program, actually the best image editing shareware program available. PSP was purchased by Corel in 2004. PSP is a competitor to Photo Shop Elements, in the same way that Photo Paint is a competitor to Photo Shop. The difference is that Elements is an extract from Photoshop whereas PSP is a completely separate product from Photopaint.
Good question. Same one I have. ANYONE?
Windows 8 works with Corel Paint Shop Pro if that's your question.
Hi Clara, I have lost mine too! I am still working on "finding" it if I can't my techy son is home for Easter Sunday so I will set him the task and let you know. Jane in Devon
I just bought and set up a new PC w/W7 64bit. Had no problems with the online PSPPhotoIII from trial download. I havn't tried my older PSP9 yet because PSPPhoto has all the attributes of the older PSP9, in fact very much like it with a few added photo effect ops. I only know that I emailed another program maker NeatImage to see if I needed the 64bit version for my new W7 PC and he said no. W7 is so new there are some programs that aren't compatible, but you can ask the pc to correct back to a previous machine ie: Vista or XP on that particular program. They are also fdoing updates continuously to W7 to correct any bugs from previous software that isn't compatible yet. And it also depends on what PC you have w/7 on. Apparently HPs have some problems. It's still at the homework stage Jan 2010, but time will tell. I'd email corel or post on their forum.
Under Image &gt; Resize, you will see two sets of choices. The second set is where you want to change the "percent" to "pixels". Hope this helps.
I'm running PSP Photo X2 under Vista on an HP Slimline with 2 gigs of RAM and I have had no problems. However, I've read about some bad experiences that other people have had running PSP under Vista. I don't know for sure what the problems are, but I'd highly recommend a clean install of the Paint Shop software if at all possible. I'm in the same boat you are with regard to level of expertise (or lack thereof). I do have a lot of photos on my computer and I ran several of my problem photos through PSP Photo X2 and applied the "quick fix" button. The photos were all improved considerably with zero effort and knowledge. I'm pretty sure that with a little practice with the more complicated features I could do more. I have also used PCP Photo X2 do so some web graphics, and the support for layers, JPGs, GIFs, PNGs, and the RGB color model are more than sufficient for my needs (I used Photoshop in college and Print Shop works essentially the same way Photoshop did for the tasks I need it to do). I also tried Photoshop Elements, and the web-centric features of Print Shop Pro seemed far more robust to me than the ones in Elements. In my opinion, nothing even comes close to Print Shop Pro for the price. Finally, if you are interested in doing some detailed research before you buy the software, get Diane Koers's book "Picture Yourself Learning Corel Paint Shop Pro X2" and read it. It will tell you all the things you can do with the software and it's surprisingly inexpensive, especially for a Course Technology book. The best part is that after you read it and decide to buy the software (which I'm betting you will), the book will continue to be useful to you as a reference.
I'm not sure why they would use the term "old version." There is only one version. GIT Corp's licensing deal with the Lampoon ended a few years back, so presumably no new COPIES of this DVD, let alone VERSIONS, will be produced by GIT Corp. My assumption is that "old version" in this case means "out of print." Three years ago, remaindered copies could be bought for $15; now those are getting more scarce, so their price, one assumes, will only go upward.
No problem running, except for the absolutely crappy job that they did in scanning the material.
I sent an email to GIT Corp. Hopefully they'll respond positively.
TurboTax does not support the forms for non-resident filers. Return the product for a full refund. Bob Meighan VP, TurboTax
That is exactly the question I have! I want to do taxes on my own - I have a full time job and my husband is self employed...help!
You have got to love the fact that "Bob" works for and supports Turbo Tax. I used Free Tax USA for the first time (previously with Turbo Tax) and have a Masters in Tax (so I think I know what I am talking about) and found both products very similar. Turbo Tax has a few more bells but if your return is fairly straight foreword, save the money and go with Free Tax USA. Brian
A little perspective on electronic filing of federal returns: In 2006, the Senate Finance Committee held a hearing on electronic filing (you can watch the hearing on the committee's website). Among those testifying were Nina Olsen, the IRS's Taxpayer Advocate. Olsen stressed that the "freefile alliance" of corporate tax companies and the IRS had failed to encourage sufficient taxpayer use of electronic filing, and strongly recommended the IRS establish a web portal with a simple electronic template to allow individual taxpayers to file online for free, without having to go through a "freefile alliance" company. Then-chairman Grassley and ranking member Baucus (now chairman) both supported Olsen's proposal. Subsequently, the two directed the Government Accountability Office (GAO, Congress's investigative arm) to research Olsen's proposal. The GAO report came out last year. It noted the experiences of some U.S. states and some foreign countries in establishing government-run electronic portals for tax filing. The GAO report concluded that if done properly, a government-run portal could be effective in encouraging more taxpayers to file electronically. What did the current IRS commissioner do upon receiving the report and being required to comment? He simply noted the report's conclusions and made no indication of what the IRS might do to establish its own portal. I think the bottom line is clear: the IRS under the Bush administration is in bed with the tax-preparation industry, obviously due in part to the pressure put on the IRS by Congressmen in the pocket of that industry. It will no doubt require a new administration to give all taxpayers the unrestricted right to file electronically. Until then, we who wish to file electronically for free have to navigate the thicket of pricing schemes and plans thrown up by the tax-preparation industry. This year, I'm pleased to note, TaxACT enables anyone (regardless of income) to download its standard federal IRS software AND file for free! (although you have to constantly click "no" to ad after ad asking you to "upgrade" to a paid version). And as for state returns, many state tax authorities maintain electronic portals enabling individuals to file their state returns for free, such as my state of Virginia. As many of you know, filing a state return is vastly simpler than a federal return, since states rely on just a few pieces of information from your federal return. Pay a company 15, 20, or 25 bucks to file my state return when I can do it for FREE in ten minutes? No way!
With TurboTax Online you have to use a separate user ID for each federal return that you file, which means you have to pay separately for each one. If you have to file for multiple family members, the CD version will cost less. With TurboTax Online, since each federal return is a separate account, you also have to purchase the state separately for each person. If one person has to file in two states, you have to purchase both states for that person. With the CD version you purchase each state once, and you can use it for as many people as need it. For example, if you live in New York, and some family members work in New Jersey, you would purchase one copy of New York and one copy of New Jersey. You would use the one New York program for everyone, and the one New Jersey program for all those who need it. If you buy the Federal + State product, the first state is included at no extra charge, so you only have to buy another state if you need a different state. Again, if you are filing for multiple family members, the CD version is going to cost less.
TurboTax Deluxe will work fine for you if you have capital gains transactions (including stock and mutual funds). TurboTax Premier has more help and guidance (like lot sales, ESPP, stock options, automated cost basis) for these types of transactions than Deluxe. If you have fairly straightforward stock/mutual fund transactions, Deluxe is great. Bob Meighan VP, TurboTax
Jacqueline... TurboTax Business is the right product for preparing and filing S Corporation returns. This software will also handle C Corporation, partnership, LLC, and fiduciary returns. For more information on TurboTax Business, please visit http://turbotax.intuit.com/small-business-taxes/. I hope this information helps. Bob Meighan VP, TurboTax
Had no problem; however, the program was finicky about what browser I used.
YEP! They charge you $17.95 to e-file. AND another $17.95 for state e-file. That was a dirty little trick that I did not know. It is buried in the product description....but my goodness, didn't you assume a $40 tax piece of software included e-file?? I sure did! Needless to say, I am irritated at them trying to gouge me for another $36, so I am mailing in my return after printing it out. So much for a computer making this return faster...
Thanks Bob for the explaination. I got it this time. The interview title within the "Less Common Income" is kind of misleading; The "foreign earned income" is really means "foreign earned income exlusion", because I don't have any exclusion, that's why everytime I went through the interview, it just delete the form 2555, and didn't give me any chance to input the "foreign wage"; After I went into the "Miscellaneous income", I did able to see the "foreign wage" can be inputed; I think most of other people will have similar issue as me......Even if they do have "foreigh earned income exlusion", they will still be stuck at the "foreign earned income (exclusion)" because they are not able to input income here and they don't know there is a "foreign wage" input two level deep under the "Miscellaneous income"...... Jason Guo
I'm sorry but I don't know. However, call Fluenz. I have worked with the Rosetta Stone and many others. None compare.
You own the program. You use it independently on your own computers (up to 3, I think.) You can access Fluenz website for flash cards and such once you have bought the program and register it with Fluenz. I have found Fluenz to be a good company with great products. I have both Spanish and French.
With Fluenz 1 program, you will master the basics of the language and gain the ability to build a foundation for communicating in Spanish. You can find more info on what is covered in every level here: http://fluenz.com/languages/learn-latin-american-spanish/.
The App is optimized for Galaxy S3, S4, S5, Galaxy Note 3, HTC 1, Droid Razr, Nexus 5, LG 3, Sony Experia Z.
Yes
Yes
Yes, we have a 30-day money back guarantee. Should the product not suit your needs, please let us know and we'll arrange for a full refund accordingly. You can contact the support team directly here for more info: usersupport@fluenz.com
Depends on how old the child is I would say junior high high school yes
Hi, Thanks for your interest in Fluenz. As Windows 9 is not yet released to the public, we have not yet optimized our program for it. However, we always update our software to run on new OS's. Therefore, once its released, we will have an update available for users to ensure the program is compatible. If we can help further, please email us at: usersupport@fluenz.com Cheers, Fluenz User Support
Hi Philippe, Thanks for your interest in Fluenz. If you purchase the software from us, or Amazon sold by us, we can provide you with a downloadable version for free. You would just need to email your order number to usersupport@fluenz.com once you purchase. Cheers, Fluenz, User Support
Yes, it should. It is a microsd card in a full sd card holder. t should work with all Nuvis I used it in Paris and southern france for 2 weeks. Watch out for the speed traps. I came home to 2 speeding tickets that cost me almost $200. If you see a flash of light .... they got you.
According to the Garmin website, it is compatable. Click on this link for the France, Benelux map: https://buy.garmin.com/en-US/US/maps/on-the-road-maps/city-navigator-nt/city-navigator-europe-nt-benelux-france/prod11488.html and you can check compatability. Look at the sides of your Garmin and it should have a slot for a micro SD card.
I have used this card in the Garmin Nuvi 660 and the Garmin Nuvi 265W. It works great in both devices.
call Garmin 800 #
Hello, Not that I known of . Thank you,
Hello, will not work on latest unites. Thank you,
Great Britain, Martinique ,Germany, Scotland ,Netherlands, Czech Republic, Wales, Luxembourg ,Greece, Isle of Man,Saint Barthlemy ,Estonia, Northern Ireland, Latvia, Ireland, Austria, Lithuania, Channel Islands, Switzerland, Poland, Denmark ,Liechtenstein, Slovakia, Finland, Malta, Hungary, Iceland, Spain, Slovenia, Norway, Portugal ,Croatia, Sweden ,Gibraltar, Bulgaria, Andorra, Azores, Islands, Romania, Belgium, Canary, Islands, Serbia , Kosovo, France ,Baleric Islands, Republic of Macedonia, Guadeloupe, Madeira, Turkey.
You set which language you want
Yes. There cars run on 12 Volts, same as ours.
yes, comes with package
iWork, in my opinion, is somewhat over rated. While I really like the aesthetics and presentation, Pages isn't nearly as good as word for just plain typing. Pages is much, much better than word at page layout, with much better templates and a more user friendly interface, but it isn't that great for writing essays or reports. The spell check is much weaker on Pages, and it misses a lot of simple grammer things that Word automatically corrects, and also a personal issue I have with it is that its default font is Helvetica. Who uses Helvetica? Every time I make a new document I have to readjust the font, which can be a little annoying. Keynote is better than powerpoint, though, in pretty much every way. Numbers is much easier to use than excel, but has much fewer formulas and functions than excel which is pretty important. So, the new release of office is significant because MS has been doing it for a while. Apple's new iwork is better than earlier versions, and is better than office at certain things, but as overall it still isn't equal to office.
2007 runs on Windows. 2008 runs on Mac.
This upgrade was real and available through Microsoft. Unfortunately it has already expired.
Link does not work. Tried it in both I.E. and Firefox.
Yes, Entourage.
I have an iMac with OS X 10.6.8. I have had NO issue with this Microsoft Office 2008 version.
My investigation before hand leaned me toward the older version , citing problems with new version. My only question is why my computer always asks to allow network access. That feels a little creepy. Bit otherwise, it's worked well
I did not buy a download, I bought it on a physical CD. No, this is not compatible with Mavericks. Microsoft Office 2011 is.
I can't say. I'm only at OS X 10.6.8. Sorry.
It is compatible, but I highly suggest you upgrade your Office suite as well. It's well worth it.
hi......yes I have windows 8..which I HATE..you might like to check out gimp.com too..it's free..it's like photoshop..I you tube directions on how to use it..i love it...love printmaster too..
It does have label capabilities, using the Avery formats, but I don't know if it will open existing files. In most cases, I have "cut and pasted" existing files.
No
No it only works on windows xp or windows 7 on Xp mode
It is supposed to, but so far, I have not successfully imported/modified the older files.
According to the package it is only Windows compatible.
Yes you can! Both with the text and headline boxes. 2012 is awful. Get the 18. You won't be sorry.
windows 7 yes, dont know about the cloning stamping tool, sorry.
this is version 18.0
WILL IT MAKE ADDRESS LABLES
yes, I have used it with Windows 7.
I'm not sure I have windows XP it crashes my computer everytime I try to use the program. this purchase was a waste of money for me.
I do not know what Event Minder is but the program has an Event Planner in it and I use it all the time. I am so happy with my Hallmark Card Program and especially since I am able to put personal pictures on any card too.
Hi Mary, The program was designed to run on Vista which was really the early version of Windows 7, so the answer is yes, it will work on Windows 7. Best regards, Jay
I don't know :( Maybe you can hit up the Hallmark software site and ask them on a contact page
No. Sorry. I have windows 7
Hi Yes, they do. I use a Canon PIXMA and run Windows 8. No problems at all!
40 blank photo cards and 40 matching envelopes. I use them to make our annual Christmas card. Works well.
I don't know why it wouldn't, it's just 4X8 photo paper. No software involved.
Karen I don't know. I have not used the software at all. I bought only for the cards.
I have the latest Mac Book Pro - retina display included- with the latest system to date. I received the software today, and I installed it in my Mac Pro. The system identified it with easy, and also accomplished the installation the same way. It will tell you that it will check if the software is acceptable for your computer system, but don't worry, because, at least in my case, the computer was capable of doing the installation successfully. I opened up or ran the program after the installation, just in case it could not be able to run. But it was displayed with easy, and although I did not use it, it looks like it is able to function, because it showed a window asking me about which kind of video or video system I was about to use, I accepted the one selected by default, just looking what will happen, and it told me it did not detected a fire wire, and asked me if it should continue, opening its main window; I approved continuing running the program, and it opened its main window. The User Manual should be duplicated and saved, some where in your Mac. It is on the file that has all the files of the installation package. I can not asure you the program will work to the perfection inside your Mac, because I haven't gone so far using it, but at least you have part of your question answered - it can be installed in your Mac Book Pro, and somehow it runs. My Mac Book Pro computer is using actually OS X Version 10.9.1
I have not used this software in years, switched to Adobe Premiere. I suggest going to the official final cut software website and inquiring.
It's because Apple rarely offers discounts. Think about it...Apple's Itunes charges "hit songs" for $1.29 instead of $.99 or $1.00 like Amazon and almost any other online store. Also, the only time Apple has a sale from my knowledge is black friday. And for how much? Like 10% ($1,199 macbook pro is discounted by $110 cheaper on black friday). The only other time Apple gives something back to their customers is their offers when you buy things like a computer (ex: we will throw in a free ipod touch or give you $50 off if you're a student)...big deal when you are paying that kind of money. Apple products are almost always cheaper online through other sites. Don't get me wrong, I love Apple's products but I don't love how they manage their sales. I realize you can debate about you are paying for what you get, but I disagree how apple never offers discounts when other company's do.
Yes it does but to be honest I was planning on getting a new mac so I'm probably going to take it off my selling list when I get home, sorry for any inconvenience
This is stand alone software to edit video. You can make movies with it. You cannot burn dvds with it.
I put it on a Mac book Pro built around 2008. Should be some specs on the Internet.
You should be able to do so but it would be unnecessarily complicated. I'm certain there are better softwares for such thing, AfterEffects would be a better option but also complicated for something simple. Whatever built-in software that comes with OSX these days is likely your best best. Would not recommend FCX/FCP for just a slideshow.
Yes, but this software is not very easy to use. The instruction manual is over 1,300 pages long -- no kidding. It doesn't really live up to the Apple promise in their TV spots of making tasks like this intuitive and easy. Steep learning curve but you can make DVDs that will play on your player.
Adobe After Effects is a program that was developed for all kinds of 2D and 3D compositions and effects. It is very powerful, and FCE can't do what it does. You are supposed to develop your compositions in AE and export them to FCE. FCE does a great job of putting things together and generating the final output.
You could try Adobe Premiere Elements. The newest version does just about everything FCE does and more.
You should be able to. I run Final Cut Express 4 on a MacPro, OS 10.6.8, with an ATI Radeon HD 2600 PCI card.
if the original installation is a full version and is still is on your computer and can launch by itself then you do not need the original key. However, if the original 3.5 application is nor a full version and cannot be launched then you need your original key.
I can't recall but I don't think so. You may have to enter the FCE2 key to authorize the upgrade.
Yes, I'm running it on a 2008 unibody MacBook with Mavericks. Works great.
You do need the the serial number
Yes, Final Cut Express 4 will work with Mac OS 10.6.8. I am Final Cut Express 4.0.1 on 10.6.8 on a MacPro with no problems. I have not used it on a Macbook, but I can't see why there would be any difficulty.
There is a BIG difference between "Final Cut Express" and "Final Cut Pro". Final Cut Express is a discontinued software from Apple and yes, you do need it to run this upgrade. Final Cut Pro would not work with this upgrade, nor would you need it.
You can renew for 19.95 if you renew from the update pop up in the task bar.
When you buy it, they should send to you an email from: orders@iolo.com. It contains a 5+5+10 alphanumerical code (not case sensitive), such as: 12E45-67F89-10123GH45IJ.
iolo site says Win 8. Not specific re; 8.1 but one would think 8.1 would work as well.
Just checked and I'm currently on Sys Mech Pro version 12.7.1.2 Depending on what product you buy, it should automatically update you to the latest version during your 12-month purchase period.
I'm not sure because I have windows 8
they sent me a CD but it never worked. i would avoid this product altogether.
Personally I don't have a problem with a major company accessing my computer while I watch. The activation key may be on the snap case which held the CD. Did you look there?
I would think that would work. I if the machine cannot connect to the internet you cannot activate the software.
Attempted to use the software, but was unsuccessful. I got no really help from the company's technical support. You may get it to do what you're attempting to do, but it did not work for me.
On cd. You're good. I like it
I had problems with the program so never got that far. So far I haven't printed a thing.
Yes! Works fine with mine
There are no buit-in templates for Business Cards but you may customize any template to design your business cards
Yes
And I have not had time to contact company
Yes, it will check your hard drive for errors and then fix the errors. It will check your drivers to make sure they are all up to date and reccoamend a download if required. You cannot go wrong wit Iola, it's the best on todays wide market place.
I think what they are saying is the "Old Version 14" supports 3 computers and the new version has no limit for the same person.
Yes, but it is not expensive.
Yes I use it on Windows 7 Home Premium and it really is effective.. Well worth the buy.
I have been using System Mechanic on my Vista and Windows 8 operating systems. I have never had any problems with either my Laptop or PC since using System mechanic. I can recommend it. I think system mechanic is better than the others in that is does a lot more than just repair the registry. To enjoy the benefit of any product of this nature, you need to run it at least once week which is no problem. (you can set it run automatically for a number of different functions if you want) When you are away from the pc, run scan, with automatic fix options, repack files etc. When you get back from cooking or whatever else you were doing its like new again. Works for me. A fantastic product. In 5 years I have not had to get any outside help with my machines. System Mechanic does it all for me.
It will work on Windows 8 64 bit.
I have used it on my Mac G4 PowerBook with 10.4.11 - runs fine.
I don't believe so.
Photoelements 6 for the Mac will work for OSX 10.5.2.
Yes it is my understanding PE6 is Universal binary which means it will run on PowerPC and intel macs. However, the newer version PE8 needs an intel mac. Hope this helps, Andy
You might want to take a look at this article: http://www.pcworld.com/article/138288/make_your_photos_pop_with_color.html It's for the PC but think it should work with the Mac version. Be sure to post if it works or doesn't work. I'm just starting to learn Elements so would like to know if I need to keep this article.
im really interested in finding this out also.
On the daily page, the right page is blank for TO DO, NOTES, etc.
Don't know, it's a waste of money
Sorry Robert, but I don't know. It works with Windows 7.
Never tried it. Good luck If you succeed write back and tell me how you did it.
First Question: There is a way to do a clean install with the upgrade version on an empty formatted hard drive. At windowssecret.com there are complete instructions. Second Question: You actually need to buy the 64 bit version
Yes it should work fine.
It was just an upgrade package.
I don't know but I suggest that you either call or chat with Corel or try out their software on the trial basis. Good Luck!
I used U Lead with my Panasonic Camcorder. I think it will work for capture. I had no problems.
I had a similar problem with another Bill me Later deal for another product. I called Amazon, and gave the order on the phone, they had no idea why it wasn't working. If you believe you qualify, call them - they were pretty fast with me handling the order.
And the answer is: yeah, sorta, kinda, maybe. Being curious, I tried to do it. First you have to save the video into a format VideoStudio 11.5+ can recognize. I initially tried saving as .avi through Zamzar but VS 11.5+ couldn't read it. Adobe Premiere Elements could read it. I then tried saving in .mov format and VS 11.5+ could open and read it but when I tried to burn a regular DVD, it produced a glitchy video. The opening and closing sections were good. It probably would work, just have to experiment a little.
I'm pretty sure the answer is "No" because it makes you get a registration key and register your computer, unlike some other Corel software I have used. I may try it anyway and post back here with a definite answer.
So someone sold you a demo? The full retail iwork comes with a code, did you buy from Amazon or a seller? If from Amazon just do a return.
I have it installed on 10.6.8 snow leopard and it works for me.
As long as it's saved as a doc. Yes.
Here is what the install DVD says... System requirements A Mac computer with an Intel, PowerPC G5, or PowerPC G4 (500MHz or faster) processor 512MB of RAM (1GB recommended) 32MB of video memory Mac OS X v10.4.11, or Mac OS X v10.5.6 or later QuickTime 7.5.5or later 1.2GB of available disk space DVD drive required to install
Mine did, it had registration numbers etc. That may depend on whether you are buying a new, in box product or not.
You can buy a version for those from the App Store for less. This is specifically for a Mac computer or laptop.
Absolutely. I use it to pull in people's Word docs (95-2009) all the time easily. The only issues you'll ever face are if a document has extreme levels of graphs/images/styling/outlining - sometimes those items don't convert perfectly. Most people don't create documents for which that's ever been a problem for me or anyone else in our company, though.
I would highly recomend iWork because it cost less and you can do all the things that Microsoft Word does. Since you already have a macbook download the trial version of iWork. If you need further help with your decision watch some comparisons on YouTube. This was how I made up my mind to go with iWork. I realized the Microsoft Word program on Mac is not the same as it is on Windows. Since I'm going to be forced to learn a new program might as well go with iWork since it is affordable and seems to offer more options than Microsoft Word. Seriously look up the videos on YouTube you are going to be impressed with all the things you can do with iWork.
iWork is great with ppt, vivalarevolution. Only thing is that Keynote is so far advanced beyond PowerPoint so some of the amazing transitions won't carry over. To be perfectly frank, OpenOffice.org sucks compared to MS Office and iWork.
yes
Apple said that it will ship at the end of January.
iLife is what you need. I like it.
As long as you're running OS 10.5.6, you should be fine. But if you're running an older iLife, I might stay with that. Don't know what you'll use the most, but I needed iMovie and I'm not happy with it. I liked the older version better. But I bought my computer used and it didn't have iLife, so I'm stuck with this one. One of the positives is that it still has iWeb (which I use).
Yes
It does for me.
No, this was the actual disc that was sent to me. I could not find a download version of it.
Yes
If you have an older version of iLife it will replace it. If you don't it will work as a stand alone as well. Great software.
I have never actually used iWeb however I am using 10.9.4, and I just tried opening iWeb. It started up with no issues. It's ver 3.0.4 so I would say yes based on what I just tried. The rest of my older version iLife apps work fine.
I believe I was on Lion or Mountain Lion when I purchased it and put it on my mac. I have recently upgraded to Mavericks and still have access to iDVD. So I don't think you will have a problem.
Apple said that it will ship at the end of January.
iLife is what you need. I like it.
As long as you're running OS 10.5.6, you should be fine. But if you're running an older iLife, I might stay with that. Don't know what you'll use the most, but I needed iMovie and I'm not happy with it. I liked the older version better. But I bought my computer used and it didn't have iLife, so I'm stuck with this one. One of the positives is that it still has iWeb (which I use).
Yes
It does for me.
No, this was the actual disc that was sent to me. I could not find a download version of it.
Yes
If you have an older version of iLife it will replace it. If you don't it will work as a stand alone as well. Great software.
I have never actually used iWeb however I am using 10.9.4, and I just tried opening iWeb. It started up with no issues. It's ver 3.0.4 so I would say yes based on what I just tried. The rest of my older version iLife apps work fine.
I believe I was on Lion or Mountain Lion when I purchased it and put it on my mac. I have recently upgraded to Mavericks and still have access to iDVD. So I don't think you will have a problem.
This will not work with the Yosemite OS under a Mac.
yes in todays world of computer shes teaches how to type and then letting the 10 year old use it in using the computer of his or her choice. very well writing for anybody who wants to learn how to type.
yes it does work for 7. One of the games acts funny (one with a blimp)but everything else does good.
Hi, It doesn't say that specifically in the description, but it sure implies it. Here is the complete description from the publisher: Type Better. Email Faster. Work Smarter. Mavis Beacon Teaches Typing 18 delivers lessons and games that will help you improve your typing skills and also keep track of your progress. With 10 games, over 250 lessons, and age-appropriate lesson content, this software has skill-building fun for the entire family. And with detailed progress tracking down to the individual key, you'll be able to track your speed and accuracy down to the letter! #1 for Over 12 Straight Years! Over 250 Different Lessons Available! Take a Speed Test and get instant feedback on your typing speed! Track your progress over time with charts and graphs! Typing instructions in English and Spanish! Thanks for asking, Rocky
No serial number was required for installation Did you install a trial version previously? If so uninstall both versions, reboot then reinstall the paid for version
I am not sure. Is there a way to find out?
No because the Chromebook has no disc drive and this program requires one. It must be downloaded onto the hard drive.
Not sure. I believe it probably does. Google the question just to be sure.
yes you do
I don't know exactly what you mean, Its a software, so it doesn't require an internet connection. You just install it to your pc.
Yes it did come with a product code but, be aware, that this OS is for primary use on a PC that has had no operating system such as one made from individual parts and not one from a PC manufacturer(Dell, HP, Acer, etc). Microsoft does not and will not provide any assistance or support on the installation & use of the purchased product.
Was a 32 bit version for me.
This is a Dell Vista Reinstallation disc, but can be used as a clean new install. Do you know how to install a operating system? If so, you can format and do a clean install with this.
yes it is a full version.
Yes, provided that you are able to use the upgrade mode. even in the upgrade mode you may at time loose some data, or programs. So please save all your data prior to upgrade, it's a safe way. A word of caution, if your XP software has been corrupted, not allow you to use the upgrade mode and you have to make a clean install you will loose all data etc. Hopefully, you will be successfully upgrading to Vista! Nick
The software I purchased was 32
Only used with windows 7 so I don't know
No. Did not work. Had to uninstall
Just checked and it does do barcodes - both UPC and Postal.
yes. I have windows 8 pro. I have working short time, but work it.
u r ryt, its meant for windows prev versions not 7. to use the latest version, i think you may have to register afresh and use it online. pl check with xin yang.
No, it won't work. You must have access to the internet
Yes, you can use it with your classes.
You will need to have a Windows VM to work on Mac.
I am sorry that software is CD-Protected so you have to have the CD to run the program. However, you can use the same CD on multiple computers. Should you have questions, please feel free to ask. Xin Wang
Only if you purchased the unit within the past few months. I think it's 6 months but I could be wrong. I was able to get a free update past the deadline the first year, but not now. It bites. Updates should be free since there is so much misinformation in the originial unit I had.
You may have toll roads checked off in the avoidances part of the settings.
The maps DVD has nothing to do with adding custom POIs. Download "POI Loader" from the Garmin web site if you want to do that.
Easy to be confused...they don't seem to make it obvious, but yes, Update means that you need to already have a copy. Also for your eTrex, make sure that you buy the non-NT version of City Navigator. The NT version is for the newer units.
no,it is a one time map update
I truely don't know. Although I guess it all depends on wheather or not the connections fit. Some units have the same connetions.
Good questions...I hope someone can answer them. I just called Garmin support and was told the wait time was 30-35 minutes. If buying a new GPS I'd consider a different brand. Edit: After talking to Garmin, they said if you buy a new Garmin and it does not have the 2010 maps, which are now released, you can get them from Garmin for free when you register your unit, as long as it's done within 60 days. So, you will have the new 2010 maps, no matter what the unit might have on it when you buy it.
Yes. You can go to the Garmin site and download for approx. $69, or have a lifetime membership for $100, which seems the best way to go.
I am, at this moment, downloading map update on my Garmin C340 on my Powerbook G4. Takes about an hour doing it online. Anyway, yes, they are now Mac-friendly.
Nope, sorry. Garmin's map updates are completely incompatible with the GPS unit in your car. Besides, if I'm not mistaken, most in-dash GPS units are manufactured by Alpine, Panasonic and the likes. Call your nearest BMW dealer or the BMW USA DVD helpline @ 1-888-NAVMAPS. Remember to update the operating software as well.
It's Latin american.
yes I have Windows 7 to
I too would like to know if I buy the electronic downloadable version do I get everything I get with the physical package. For example, will I have the ability to burn the audio CD's so I can listen to those in my car?
The product description indicates it is a computer program on a DVD rather than an Audio CD with tracks you could rip. GG is right that the program, Audacity, plus Lame.dll is probably the best way to convert various things to mp3s. Audacity is free, open source, works well, and under most setups can also record your computer's audio output. Perhaps that's the only way you could extract audio from a program and convert to mp3, but I think it's supposed to be interactive.
Gave as a gift that was requested. IT was for a Windows system.
yes
Yes, I have Windows 7
I have Microsoft 2003 - and it hasn't caused any problem with the Spanish program (but there is no interaction between them that I know of).
No.
Yeah, it's compatible with XP. Make sure you have a DVD drive.
Yes, one of the built-in "filter effects" is "feather" which can be applied to the edges of an inserted photo to create this result. Applying the effect to smaller images can leave them blurry overall, so it is not as precise a solution as feathering the edges of an image (before insertion) using an actual graphics editing program such as Photoshop or Serif's PhotoPlus -- but the capability is there nevertheless.
Californian: The Proof of Purchase of your Serif product must be a dated store receipt or online invoice (photocopy accepted). You should be able to find this within your Amazon.com account. Jeff Serif Employee
It works great. It has all the design options. I should warn you though that X7 is out--maybe even X8. X3 is no longer supported and you'll be asked to get an update. Serif is an English product, but they love to call. The best thing in a newer version is the ability to cut out pictures automatically.
Yes, one of the built-in "filter effects" is "feather" which can be applied to the edges of an inserted photo to create this result. Applying the effect to smaller images can leave them blurry overall, so it is not as precise a solution as feathering the edges of an image (before insertion) using an actual graphics editing program such as Photoshop or Serif's PhotoPlus -- but the capability is there nevertheless.
Californian: The Proof of Purchase of your Serif product must be a dated store receipt or online invoice (photocopy accepted). You should be able to find this within your Amazon.com account. Jeff Serif Employee
It works great. It has all the design options. I should warn you though that X7 is out--maybe even X8. X3 is no longer supported and you'll be asked to get an update. Serif is an English product, but they love to call. The best thing in a newer version is the ability to cut out pictures automatically.
After installing this version of KIS my system slowed to a crawl. It would take 10 minutes to boot. After I figured out it was Kaspersky, I removed it and haven't used their products since. At my work with 2000 computers, they use McAfee.
I use Kaspersky Internet Security on my Vista laptop. It works great but at one time for some reason Id get blue screens and Vista said Kaspersky was the cause. What I did was go to the repair-uninstall feature and did the repair and its worked fine since then. I also use nod32. Both Kaspersky and nod32 are very highly rated but I think nod32 is supposed to use less system resources and may be a better choice if you dont have a high performance computer. I found a good deal on nod32 but honestly if you wait and look around you should be able to find Kaspersky for a free after rebate price.
Having had bad experience with Kaspersy before, I would not venture any further. Just getting out of Kaspersy mess takes a day.
Yes, I use Acrobat Standard 9 with MS Office 2010 Excel and Words.
Yes, you can scan a Form and use the Typewriter function fo fill your information in. You can adjust font typ and size.
Amazon routinely puts [OLD VERSION] if a product is not the latest version. It doesn't mean there's anything wrong with the product, just that it's not the latest version. Someone would be pretty ticked off if, for example, they bought Acrobat 9 for around $250 and then found out the current version is Acrobat XI and they could get that for around the same price.
Yes I do believe that it is
Yes, when I go to "print" I get the option - Adobe PDF (Type: Adobe PDF converter)
You should be able to do that. Actually, that is why I bought this program because I had a blank govt. PDF job application that I wanted to fill in the requested personal information with my computer rather than write it in. It worked well for me and the price was right rather than buying a current version of the program./
Only 1 license. Software can be loaded on two computers used by license holder.
Yes, I'm running MS Office 2007 and Windows 7.
Yes, but did not do a good job.
Don't know of Windows 2013 but am using it on W7.
You can buy the regular version of Lightroom 2 if your husband does not have Lightroom 1. It costs $272 on Amazon (http://www.amazon.com/Adobe-65007312-Photoshop-Lightroom-2/dp/B0018VH8S2/ref=pd_bbs_sr_2?ie=UTF8&s=software&qid=1229883338&sr=8-2). The upgrade version of Lightroom 2 will not work if your husband does not already have Lightroom 1.
It doesn't process raw files, but it generates previews, etc. in seconds reading from a card. You can also tag everything in the photos in batch, but no image ediiting. Look at Photomechanic....I use that, then process in Adobe Camera Raw, but at least I can weed out bad pics in a matter of minutes because Photomechanic takes the embedded jpeg in the raw file for the preview....It is FAST!
me too...btw, have you updated your copy of LR1.0 to 1.4? If not it is a big improvement from 1.0, more stable and many other issues were improved. FYI, here is the inof on Upgrade Eligibilty for LR1 --&gt; LR2 "Lightroom 1.x customers: Upgrade to Lightroom 2 for $US99. To be eligible for the special upgrade price and to install the upgrade software successfully, you must own a previous licensed version of Adobe Photoshop Lightroom." http://store.adobe.com/store/en_us/popup/software/lightroom2/upgrade_eligibility.html Note it makes not specific exclusion for academic versions. I would save that page in case there is an issue. Here is where the link above originates: https://store1.adobe.com/cfusion/store/index.cfm?store=OLS-US&view=ols_prod&category=/Applications/PhotoshopLightroom&distributionMethod=UPGRADE&nr=0#store=OLS-US&category=/Applications/PhotoshopLightroom&view=ols_prod&loc=en_us
You can buy the regular version of Lightroom 2 if your husband does not have Lightroom 1. It costs $272 on Amazon (http://www.amazon.com/Adobe-65007312-Photoshop-Lightroom-2/dp/B0018VH8S2/ref=pd_bbs_sr_2?ie=UTF8&s=software&qid=1229883338&sr=8-2). The upgrade version of Lightroom 2 will not work if your husband does not already have Lightroom 1.
It doesn't process raw files, but it generates previews, etc. in seconds reading from a card. You can also tag everything in the photos in batch, but no image ediiting. Look at Photomechanic....I use that, then process in Adobe Camera Raw, but at least I can weed out bad pics in a matter of minutes because Photomechanic takes the embedded jpeg in the raw file for the preview....It is FAST!
me too...btw, have you updated your copy of LR1.0 to 1.4? If not it is a big improvement from 1.0, more stable and many other issues were improved. FYI, here is the inof on Upgrade Eligibilty for LR1 --&gt; LR2 "Lightroom 1.x customers: Upgrade to Lightroom 2 for $US99. To be eligible for the special upgrade price and to install the upgrade software successfully, you must own a previous licensed version of Adobe Photoshop Lightroom." http://store.adobe.com/store/en_us/popup/software/lightroom2/upgrade_eligibility.html Note it makes not specific exclusion for academic versions. I would save that page in case there is an issue. Here is where the link above originates: https://store1.adobe.com/cfusion/store/index.cfm?store=OLS-US&view=ols_prod&category=/Applications/PhotoshopLightroom&distributionMethod=UPGRADE&nr=0#store=OLS-US&category=/Applications/PhotoshopLightroom&view=ols_prod&loc=en_us
I'm not sure. You might have to purchase a separate license from Adobe.
I bought it some time ago. It was full version
only 1
I just installed it on a windows 8.1 machine. It gave me an error the first time, I just re installed and it worked. Have not created a document with it yet as I don't have anything on there to print with yet.
I don't know what the 2005 bear looks like, we got our bear in 2009 or 2010. All I can tell you is that the cartridge is 2" x 2.5" so if that is the size of your bear's cartridge, it should work?
They do not fit the 1984 version only the newer version.
It is for the new Teddy Ruxpin, the 2006 version.
These are for the Backpack Teddy Ruxpin made in 2006. The original Teddy Ruxpin made by Worlds of Wonder in 1984/85 plays the cassettes and a few of the cheaper, later versions.
An internet connection is not required for installation;however, to retrieve updates and patches a connection is required.
I have installed Encyclopedia Britannica 2009 Deluxe on Windows 7 and it works very well.
I have Windows 8; it works perfectly.
You can download Artrage from their website directly and give it a try.
i checked on the site and it says it works with vista so it should work with windows 7 not sure if its compatible with windows 7 64bit though. if you do upgrade to windows 7 and get win7 pro it comes with a xp virtual machine so you could run anything that works with xp on it.
I do n ot know I don't have a Kindle of any version.
As far as I know PhotoImpact does not come packaged with Real Draw Pro. But, since Corel abandoned the product I am not sure how it is being marketed. I own both. Real Draw Pro is made by MediaChance and is a good product. However, these programs have very different functions. PhotoImpact X3 is a raster graphics program and Real Draw Pro is a vector graphics program. Raster files will suffer a decrement in resolution as they you zoom in on them and vector graphics don't. Even though that makes vector sound better, you will be better off if you use PhotoImpact for most routine graphics work such as photo editing. I use Real Draw Pro more often for very specialized graphics like logos. I still use PhotoImpact a lot but am slowly weaning away because I do not think it is being upgraded anymore. It will likely face compatibility issues as more operating systems are released (beyond Windows 8) or as programs expand to 64 bit environments. Paint Shop Pro is a nice program. But if you don't mind a little steaper investment you might want to consider either Photo & Graphic Designer or Designer Pro X (http://www.xara.com) . They are hybrid programs that support both raster and vector graphics but they really shine by the way their interactive controls allow you to see changes dynamically as you make them. You can download a trial version and try it out. I hope this helps. Also, I am running PhotoImpact X3 on Win 7 without a problem.
Yes, it is Corel Photo Impact. However, I know there were improvements, but didn't work with it to know what they are. I discovered that Corel was no longer going to develop it, and don't offer help. So I switched to using Paint Shop Pro X5 which Corel is maintaining and upgrading.
Since I live in Peru, I haven't received the software yet. My son will be bringing it with him in mid December when he visits me for the holidays. What I can say is that I am presently using PhotoImpact 12 with Windows 8 with no problems. My presumption is that PotoImpact Pro 13 should work as well.
Yes, this software is compatible with Windows 8.
I am sorry but I have windows 7 and my old xp version is not compatible. If this program states that it is compatible with windows 8 then by all means purchase it. It is an awesome program but will take time to use as it is more on the advanced level.
Yes, it displays phrases in romaji, hirigana/katakana, and kanji. The is also an option that has kanji with furigana, which is what I use mostly.
I just completed Level 1, and I've been taking a Level 1 8-week university continuing education class as well. I'd say we covered a bit more during the 8-week class than Rosetta Stone Level 1. The RS software is excellent for helping to memorize words and phrases, but you really need a class to fill in the gaps and practice in a real world environment.
Demo, nihongo no kurasu wa ikura desu ka? kurasu no hou ga purogramu yori takai desu.
You shouldn't have to. Snow Leopard will have new boot camp drivers, so after install, boot into windows with the DVD in the drive and the update installer should start...
@B. Stevens: Can you do addition? If so, you will see that the family pack costs $49, whereas two copies of the single install will cost $58 (29 + 29). It's up to you. Do you want to pay less and get more? Or do you want to pay more, and get less?
1. yes you can from the bottom right corner of the windows. 2. i have never had that problem on leopard. 3. its not that serious...
I have an imac core2duo from late 2006/early 2007 that was running Tiger 10.4.11. I ordered this under $30 update disc to upgrade to snow leopard after being told at the local Apple store that it positively would not work and I needed the expensive box set instead. Well, so much for their geniuses-it worked just fine. 45 minutes to go to 10.6.3 then another 30 to download all of the newest updates and it's running perfectly. I did order a 2 gig memory module to take me to 3 gig total, the most my machine can recognize. This is definitely worth a try if you are thinking of upgrading. I also did a complete backup of my hard drive first. It would also be handy to have an empty external drive on hand (320-500 gigs are available cheap) to set up for time machine backups. Good luck-go for it!
Hey - I was going to tell everyone - DO NOT BUY LEOPARD FOR MORE THAN 29.00. Apple if you call them will sell you a copy of the Snow Leopard for 29.00. I just bought mine today due to some bought software that wouldn't work with 10.5.8
It did upgrade some of my functions but it also has caused a bunch of problems. I would suggest that you take your MAC to an expert instead of doing it yourself, unless you are very good at computers.
You can install it without need for Tiger, Leopard, etc. I think that legally, you should have Tiger or Leopard to install Snow Leopard, but I wouldn't recommend upgrading over an existing system. It's OK if you don't have iLife or iWork, as when I bought my Mac over three years ago (had Tiger) that didn't have serial number for iWork, and so I'd assume that any 'bonus' software like that you'd have to pay for anyway. Hope this helps. Don't use Time Machine--just copy all your important documents and whatever else to the other drive manually. That's what I do. I don't trust backup programs (many people don't--I've read some horror stories in the past on data loss).
Great question - I have the same one about upgrading an older Mac running 10.5.8 with the 10.6.4 disc that came with my newer mac.... Can I use the discs that came with the hardware?
All Mac OS DVDs shipped by Apple to date have been full versions. Technically, Apple's license specifies that one must buy the box set, (Mac OS, iLife and iWork), if one wishes to upgrade from Tiger rather than Leopard. Nevertheless, the Snow Leopard only DVD installs just the same for those with Tiger, and Apple does not police or punish those who choose this route. The installed OS is still eligible for all 10.6.X updates. Apple does not play the same games Microsoft plays with its OS upgrades. If you are attempting to install the Mac OS on a netbook PC to create a HacIntosh, though, I recall reading of Apple's move to prevent this. The installation program reportedly checks the processor type. If it's an Intel Atom, (i.e. a netbook), it halts all further installation. However, Apple cannot distinguish between Intel processors common to both Macs and PCs. Consequently, one can create a HacIntosh from a standard PC, (i.e. those without an Intel Atom processor), of recent vintage. You might wish to research this point further if this is your intent.
I just got mine...and it is the 10.6.3 version. Only complaint...took Amazon 7 days to process the order before it actually shipped...normally takes only 24-48 hours..., even though it stated they had it in stock, and the vendor was only one stateline away. So, if you need it right away...use another seller.
I can't actually answer your question (yet, going to install soon) however since the upgrade to 2gb (via two 1gb chips) is only around $30 here on amazon it seems silly not to upgrade.. also waiting on my memory so I'll post back with my experiences :)
There's nothing to prevent you from installing it on multiple computers, but technically you would need the Family Pack which is good for up to five computers.
As far as I know my Mac (which is down in CA currently) can read any disk I put in , I doubt it is double layer. Frankly I do not think I have ever run into double layer DVDs. Check the Apple help line, they may advise you. Sorry I am not more help.
We asked Apple if we could install our family pack on my parent's computer (in Los Angeles), on my brother's (in downtown L.A.), and on my wife's, family's, and my computer: a total of six computers. It doesn't hurt to ask: the Apple representative said, "No problem. We're just glad you enjoy our product. We really aren't concerned with that."
It says 10.5 (Leopard) because that is the installation requirement for 10.6 (Snow Leopard). As is stated, you cannot upgrade to Snow Leopard from an OS X version prior to 10.5 (Leopard).
they'll probably send you 10.6, but then you can update it through the software update menu. you'll need an internet connection.
Snow Leopard and Mountain Lion require an Intel processor. You can get details at the Apple website.
If Snow Leopard comes as 10.6.3 it will automatically upgrade to 10.6.8. It's very cheap, even from Apple (only $20): http://store.apple.com/us/product/MC573Z/A/mac-os-x-106-snow-leopard. Snow Leopard is a very stable system and you will enjoy using it (as long as you have enough RAM -- at least 2GB, but preferably 4GB.
I WAS USING 10.3 on my white macbook 5.2 and I wanted to upgrade to 10.8 and I had to upgrade to 10.6 before it would let me upgrade to 10.8. I went on amazon and found a used 10.6 which was about 1/3 of the price of 10.6 new. then I went to apple apps store and bought and downed loaded 10.8 and everything was fine.
If you currently have Leopard (10.5) and want to upgrade to Snow Leopard (10.6) then you will need to have a Mac with an Intel processor, 1GB of Ram and 5GB of free space on your hard drive.
Well... man... that's a good question. The box set includes a Snow Leopard DVD, an iWork DVD, and an iLife DVD (keep in mind that the regular Snow Leopard family pack, that's not a box set, does not include iLife or iWork). The Snow Leopard one is only for Intel Macs. I know the retail iWork and iLife versions work on PowerPC, and I would assume that they are *probably* using the same ones, since the installer packages that you could download (such as for the iWork trial) are for both Intel and PowerPC, and since they wouldn't have to put separate files on there it would probably be easiest for them to include disks that supported PowerPC. Then again, I can't confirm this and it is a possibility that they assumed they only needed to include Intel support. One possible option you have is to buy iWork/iLife/Snow Leopard separately. The actual disks that are included in single-license copies are the same as in the family-pack ones, meaning it will install on all your computers. So what you could do is purchase those disks separately (either with family packs or not) to approximate the price of the Mac Box Set Family Pack. Of course, the best option would be to actually call 1-800-MY-APPLE and ask them if the iWork and iLife work on PPC. If not, you could ask them about buying the non-family pack versions separately to see if it's ok. I'm sure they'll be fine with it.
Yeah, but they just lowered the price $5 here on Amazon for the Family Pack. I ordered mine from Apple and although it will be nice to get it on Friday so I can do a clean install on my main computer over the weekend, I might have been willing to wait a few days to get it and save almost $10 (since Apple pops you for sales tax as well). Sounds like the classic "trade-off".
I, too, agree with dosers and Mark B. Plus, I'd add that you're somewhat looking at the glass as half empty. You've got a Mac G4...that's still working...on Leopard, perhaps. That's got to be at least a 5 year old computer, if not older, that is still working to your satisfaction. There's something to be said for that! If and when you're ready to get a new Mac w/ Intel processors, it will be worth it. But rest assured that your current Mac has exceeded the average expectancy and expectations of personal computers.
Yes.:)
I am not sure if it works with RAW files shot with Canon EOS Rebel T5i. It does edit all jpeg files shot all makes of cameras.
I would assume that NX2 is Capture NX2. In which case, you would be upgrading from Capture NX2 to Capture NX2. Sounds like someone has you running in a circle, unless course I am sadly mistaken, and they actually are 2 different versions.
According to the specifications, Nikon Capture NX 2 is compatible with pre-installed Windows 8.1. With that statement, it may not be compatible with an upgrade from a previous version of Windows. Hope that answers your question.
Yes, it works with Windows XP and Vista.
This is not a capture card. It is a photo editing and correction software for pictures shot with Nikon cameras.
I do not have any problems with my Windows 7, 64 bit computer. It has been in use for over two years.
Sorry, it only works with Nikons NEF RAW files. If you convert it to a TIFF file you could use about 80% of what Capture NX2 has to offer.
Yes it is compatible and has been for some time now, I forgot when it changed to the 64 bit version. But it was some time ago back in Windows 7. I have been using it in Windows 8 since the Windows 8 beta came out.
Yes, Nikon allows two installations according to Nikon support -- I just talked with them today. Photo-Guy
Absolutely. Works with current generation Apple hardware and software
Nikon says: "Windows 7 Home Basic/Home Premium/Professional/Enterprise/Ultimate, Windows Vista Home Basic/Home Premium/Business/Enterprise/Ultimate (Service Pack 2), Windows XP Home Edition/Professional (Service Pack 3) This application requires a computer with a pre-installed operating system. If you use 64-bit version Windows 7 or 64-bit version Windows Vista, operation takes place under 32-bit compatibility environment."
Once you load the NX2 disk you go to the Nikon site and upgrade it for free. Make sure you have the KEY number that coms with the disk Bob
The version really isn't important. The moment you install it you will be prompted to check for updates. Then you can update to the latest version. Yes, it runs on the latest OS X I have a new macbook pro running the latest OS X and have no issues. About versions. Typically the only version updates that take place are to add support for new models of cameras. The features in NX are rock solid.
Capture nx2 isn't designed for making albums, specifically it is designed for editing photos, color correction, enhancement etc. To create albums use the viewnx program that came with your camera software. Congratulations you have one of the best dslr's on the market today.
Yes! This software works with the new d4s because it operates on the file format .nef which is Nikon's raw file format. This software is very easy to use and understand.
I'm running NX2 on a Win 7 64 system without problem.
My installation tells me "A serious error occured while trying to initialize the NaturallySpeaking speech engine. Please try reinstalling to correct this problem." Of course, reinstalling does not help and I can't get anyone at Nuance to respond (other than Lanz, the automated email response generator, that is). Any ideas?
I use to use Dragon 8 Medical, then upgraded to Dragon 9 preferred, and with a little training, then upgrade to Dragon 9.5, it handles my medical terminology well. Not worth the additional $1000 to get the Dragon 9.5 Medical.
The best microphone I've used with Dragon is the Sennheiser ME3 (or ME-3). This headset has amazing noise cancellation capabilities, and is fairly comfortable when worn for a long time (you really need good noise cancellation to avoid confusing Dragon). The only issue is that the ME-3 is rather pricey -- about $135 on Amazon. A good alternative to the ME-3 is the Radio Shack 33-3012 "Headset Microphone with Gooseneck Boom", which is less than $25 but performs nearly as well as the Sennheiser (this microphone is a virtual clone of the Sennheiser). In fact, I routinely use my Radio Shack and leave my expensive Sennheiser in the box the 33-3012 came in! The Radio Shack microphone includes a long cord extension with an on/off switch, something that is missing from the Sennheiser. Any microphone is going to work best with a "USB sound pod" device. A sound pod is an "active" device that accepts the 1/8" male plug on most headset style microphones and plugs into any USB port on your computer. It works as an amplifier (I guess) and provides a much, much better signal than any consumer-quality microphone. I use a VXI "Translator" pod I got from emicrophones.com, but the Andrea units are also reputed to be good. Plan to spend about $40 to $60 for a pod, but it makes a world of difference in the quality of Dragon Naturally Speaking dictation. (Without a pod, you're relying on your computer's sound card to provide amplification. Generally speaking, sound cards in most desktops and laptops are very poor at handling microphone input, and are much better at playing music and game sounds.) BTW: Microphone positioning is everything when it comes to speech recognition. The mouthpiece must be moved away from your mouth -- I position it about 2 to 3 inches to the right of my mouth to avoid breath sounds and noises that confuse Dragon.
DNS 10 will not run on Vista 64-bit. Vista 64-bit uses a different Speech Application Programming Interface (SAPI) and Nuance has not yet made it a priority to code for the 64-bit version. On the bright side, Windows Vista's built-in speech recognition engine has vastly improved and is free (and works under the 64-bit environment).
Simple answer is : no. Dragon has to be trained to recognize each voice.
I would also like to know whether anyone is using Dragon for the same purpose. I purchased a Sony Ditigal Voice Recorder ICD-UX70 a while ago which claims to be compatible with Dragon NaturallySpeaking software. Has anyone been successful transcribing teleconferences (lots of different voices)?
It does work, but the quality of the recording is key to the quality of the transcription. I have used it successfully.
You can use both to transcribe. You just need to know how to use it properly and it works wanders.
sampson galaxy tab 2 micro card
yes when you set it up there are others in the package. call them direct. there are alot of deals on the net, seach before you buy. i have win 7 and got 10 preferred....they had to walk me through instruction. i almost returned it.
Yes am not able to get correct number of copies to print. Additionally, half fold envelopes do not print correctly, sizing is WAY off. Am also have a few issues with viewing clip art files.
Yes that is what I am using it on.
Am not able to get Printshop ProPublisher 23 Deluxe to print half fold greeting card envelopes. Also having problems with number of copies ordered. Usually prints far more than I ask for.
I understand that you have to buy Version 10, and then install the upgrade to 10.1 which is available for free from Nuance's website: http://www.nuance.com/vista/naturallyspeaking/dragon10.1/ You need the registration number from V10 to be able to get the upgrade.
Yes it works and remarkably well I might say. However it still has some quirks which are dealt with more and more. The one thing you have to do is "learn" how to use it. To be motivated to do that you "must" have a compelling reason to want to use it. Prove it to yourself by telling it your "family History" and it will digitize it for you. You will have to then edit the text to correct quite a bit, but it gets better the more you use it and it becomes familiar with you. Morgan
i have it on my XP and it works fine. Can't help you except for this. Sorry.
Hi Susan, Frankly, I don't know. I use it on MS Word and all the other MS products but because I don't have starter, I can't tell you. But I am sure someone will have the answer. Perhaps you should call or message Dragon software, they should know. Thanks for asking, sorry I can't give you a good answer. David
Yes
If I remember correctly you can add words you use often and it will recognize them, I got this for my sister and she did medical records and it worked great for her.
I also want to know if it works with windows 7 thanks
no answer to that that means it doesnt work with it,so which software works with ,msn,yahoo and the all poppular IMVU.
I too have been checking this same thing. I have found that all the version are the same and the price difference is only the length of the subscription to the ancestry.com web site and you get discounts on some other things such as DNA testing. The platinum version gives you 6 months of online access while the essentials version gives you 1 month. I already have an annual subscription with ancestry.com so the more expensive versions are not necessary.
Hi Sam, I'm Michelle Pfister, a Senior Product Manager for FTM. To answer your question, putting your family tree on Ancestry.com will work fine for you if you want the basic functionality of having historical records located automatically, and recording stories and photos for people in your tree. When you want more functionality, such as printing several types of reports, doing tree-wide searches for specific information, or keeping more detailed source information, then FTM is a better choice. Both Ancestry and FTM work together, so the record hints from Ancestry also display in FTM. You can post your FTM tree as an Ancestry tree, and we're continually working to increase better integration between the two.
Family Tree Maker 2008 is Vista 64-bit compatible, according to Microsoft's Windows Vista Compatibility Center (the URL is monstrous so I put at end of post). Family Tree Maker 2009 is not listed, probably because it is so new, but if 2008 is compatible I'd have to think 2009 is also. There's a seriously geeky web page that looks at FTM 2009 and includes Vista 64-bit: http://members.shaw.ca/arnie-krause/ftm_2009.htm. All that said, I do not have Vista yet. I found your post because I am considering getting a new computer with Vista 64-bit and had same question. Please post if you have success or failure! Thanks. The URL: http://www.microsoft.com/windows/compatibility/Details.aspx?type=Software&p=Family%20Tree%20Maker%202008&v=The%20Generations%20Network&uid=17&pf=0&pi=1&c=Hobbies%20%26%20Personal%20Improvement&sc=all&os=64-bit
I am using an ever older version of FTM -- 3.02 -- and I have the same concern. Will I be able to import my data to FTM 2009? Hope someone will have the answer to this. Thank you.
Yes it did work in Windows 7 and even in windows 8 with some problems but when they moved to 8.1 it CRASED!
Yes it does. I run it in compatibility mode but that may not be necessary. Several minor functions don't work like convert to pdf but for the most part it runs fine. I've run under Windows 7 since that OS came out.
I have continually upgraded my print shop and have not lost any of my saved projects. I don't know if you'll have any problems if you go from PS10 right to PSD23. The only problem that I had was when one of my upgrades did not offer a border graphic that I was using in my business. However, since I had it saved, I could copy and paste it and could continue to use it. (Also recently, I went from WindowsXP to Windows7 and installed a upgraded PS and I didn't have any problems accessing my projects.)
Does anyone know if Print Shop vs. 23 has a printing area that allows 4 sided bleed ?
This is not compatible with Windows 8.1. This is an original version 23 and is no longer supported by technical support. Please purchase print shop 3.5 for full tech support and compatibility.
Yes. I have windows 7 and it works fine.
No, especially not cut.
No it does not.
Hi Bonnie! I don't see why it wouldn't run. I am running it on Win 7 Ult. It's a great program and a great deal. Hope this helps.
The one I bought is just the same and better than any newer version.
Hi CuriousB! Here is how it works: 1. MobileMe does *not* push e-mails from Outlook on the Windows laptop (irrespective of which Windows OS you use) 2. It does *not* need IMAP or POP access to be enabled on your company's exchange server. 3. You do *not* need to buy MobileMe subscription to get Exchange e-mails on your iPhone. 4. iPhone uses what is called 'ActiveSync' technology licensed from Microsoft. 5. Messages are pushed directly from Microsoft Exchange server through the internet to your iPhone. 6. Microsoft Exchange 2003 Service Pack 2 and later support 'ActiveSync'. If your company uses an older version of Exchange, this will not work. 7. There is no additional configuration to be done by your company, since 'ActiveSync' is enabled by default when Exchange server is installed. 8. However, your company *can* disable 'ActiveSync' if it wants to on the Exchange Server. Most companies I know don't. However, your mileage may vary. You might want to check once with your network admins. 9. Another way to confirm is - if any of your co-workers are able to get work e-mails on their Windows Mobile phones, then you can get e-mails on iPhone too. (Windows Mobile phones also use 'ActiveSync') If you want, you can read additional information from Apple here: http://www.apple.com/iphone/enterprise/ Once again, if all you need are work e-mails on exchange server, you do *not* need to buy MobileMe subscription. Let me know if this helps! :)
still true, but they don't make it easy. You won't find the option in your account billing tab. You need to go to the activation site and select the "renew" option. https://secure.me.com/wo/WebObjects/Signup.woa/wa/activation
You can buy from Amazon at the reduced price. I've done it for the last 2 years. If you are on Apple's automatic renewal plan now, you might want to activate it a couple of weeks ahead of their billing date to avoid billing confusion. Yes, you keep your same e-mail, etc.
.Mac is now MobileMe. Visit http://www.apple.com/mobileme/migrating/ and you will find an explanation there. You will still be able to use your .Mac email address, but the portal that handles all the functions previously found in .Mac is now at http://www.me.com/ .
* Compatible device: Mac, PC, iPhone, or iPod touch. * For Mac: Mac OS X v10.4.11 or latest version of Mac OS X Leopard; Safari 3, Firefox 2, or later. * For PC: Windows Vista or Windows XP Home or Professional (SP2) or later; Internet Explorer 7, Safari 3, Firefox 2, or later. Microsoft Outlook 2003 or later recommended. * For iPhone and iPod touch: 2.0 software. * iTunes Software: iTunes 7.7 or later (free download from www.itunes.com/download). * Internet: Internet access with compatible ISP (broadband required for web applications); fees may apply. * Note: Some features require Mac OS X v10.5 and iLife 08.
You were right the first time. Your $89 only lasts for a year, not a lifetime.
iMovie and iDVD. Don't even bother trying anything else. For converting the VHS to digital video, just use your old VHS and a Pinnacle 82410110301 Video Transfer USB Capture Device or similar. You could also use any miniDV camcorder that supports composite video input as a converter (feed the VHS signal into the camcorder and out as Firewire to the computer). The nice thing with the separate video capture device is that you can do the video grabbing to memory card while you're editing other videos on your Mac.
The one I have the cable is 69". Add another 6" for the unit.
No, it only has an usb port. This is an old model (outdated version) I bought his few years back.
yes, it works on both windows 7 and 8.
I believe it will transfer any analog signal, as long as your SNES has the proper connections
I bought the Dazzle Video Creator several years ago. It came with the most recent version of Pinnacle Studio which at the time was 12.1
Version 12.1
Sometimes student editions aren't supposed to be used for professional purposes, but I'm not sure how anybody would be able to tell the difference with something like this. Just so you know the latest edition of CorelDraw is X5, however if you're just getting into this kind of stuff X4 should be fine.
Before replying, may I suggest you get the newer version, CorelDraw X6. Another Amazon vendor is offering the X6 version for just a dollar or two more, which is the product I purchased just last week. You used the term "upgrade." However, nothing I noticed in the product I recently purchased identified it as an upgrade. On the "honor system," you're expected to be a home or student user, thus entitling you to purchase this full X6 version I purchased at a deeply discounted price. You'd also be entitled to making three installations and a license number was provided with the product, too. In other words, it's a full version, not an upgrade version. I installed it without a hitch. By the way, I'm also running Windows 7 Home Premium on an I5-3450 processor. So, as far as I can tell, you'd be perfectly "good to go" buying the X6 version I purchased for about the same price. Good luck with it.
Yes, I would strongly recommend it. I have created several designs using Corel Draw. I am self taught and learned more from watching YouTube videos.
Yes it does.
Yes you can
i believe you can but it is in the original set up, but I have trouble with it just doing the day to day
i mainly use it on windows xp but also have it on two other computers that use windows 7 & windows 8
This appears to be an obsolete version of the program. The Avanquest website lists the program as suitable for Vista, Win7 and Win8.
1 word horrible and very confusing. The box advertise more than it really is. It's sitting collecting dust. I had to buy another product. Do not buy this product.
I'm mostly irritated that 8 just came out a few months ago, and now they expect me to pay twice for the same software. Thanks but no thanks.
Do not buy this product, Nero 9 is a waste of money, when I had an issue with the download and it did not work with Window Vista, I requested my money back, I first called there sales Number they told me that they don't give refunds, but in the terms and agreement it says 14days no questions asked... When I mentioned this they said they only gave refunds if there was a technical issue... Then pointed me to their pay by the minute technical support line... I emailed my issue as asked on their web site, and gave screen shots of the issue asking for refund, again they said they don't give refunds... By doing research online I found sever people going thru the same thing all had to go to the BBB(better business bureau) Which I did as well and got my refund in 3 days after... So 2 part re-cap, one don't buy this product, 2nd if you have and are trying to go thru the steps for a refund, start the revocation process form the terms and agreement and contact the BBB and put a complaint to add to the many others.... I hope this helps someone like the blog I found helped me...
Do not buy this product, Nero 9 is a waste of money, when I had an issue with the download and it did not work with Window Vista, I requested my money back, I first called there sales Number they told me that they don't give refunds, but in the terms and agreement it says 14days no questions asked... When I mentioned this they said they only gave refunds if there was a technical issue... Then pointed me to their pay by the minute technical support line... I emailed my issue as asked on their web site, and gave screen shots of the issue asking for refund, again they said they don't give refunds... By doing research online I found sever people going thru the same thing all had to go to the BBB(better business bureau) Which I did as well and got my refund in 3 days after... So 2 part re-cap, one don't buy this product, 2nd if you have and are trying to go thru the steps for a refund, start the revocation process form the terms and agreement and contact the BBB and put a complaint to add to the many others.... I hope this helps someone like the blog I found helped me...
The trial has been working great with the .m2ts files from my HF10. Give it a try, but it seems to work great.
Yes, Helen. I found the solution here: http://www.sonycreativesoftware.com/forums/ShowMessage.asp?ForumID=4&MessageID=671897 Read the first post from "blink3times" and then a few posts later he explains exactly how to do it. That discussion was in April 2009. Scroll on down to January 24, 2010 to the "jasonvideodad" post where the discussion got going again and he added to the original post. By the way, I did not have all the files that were mentioned, but I made the change on the files I did have, and it has been working perfectly. Remember to backup up every one of these files before you make the changes. Please note that this is the user forum and this fix is not a recommendation by Sony. But I followed the instructions about "resetting the memory flags" and am able to render with no problems. The largest video I have rendered so far is a 6-1/2 minute video of AVCHD files with no problems. I am using Windows 7 Ultimate 64-bit. The video rendered in 3-1/2 minutes. I would suggest that you read (or at least scan) through all of the posts in case there is something else that might refer to your particular situation or computer. Let me be clear that I am not recommending you do this, I am only saying that it worked for me and many others.
Runs on my Vista x64 machines, no issues so far. I tested it on another Vista x64 machine before installing the full version for my current x64 machine. Both machines are Dell XPS 720s test machine Vista x64SP1 4GBRAM, GTX8800/768MB Final Machine Vista x64SP1 8GBRAM, GT8800/512MB
Yes it does.
If they were originally joined, as best I recall, there is a specific selection in one of the drop down menus to &lt;rejoin sections&gt;. Or you can just butt them together on the time line. If you have deleted the segment, you can put the whole video segment back up on another time line, find the section you want and split it off and put it in where you want to and delete the parts before and after.
No, not built-in. You can buy a third-party plug-in, though.
Works fine in WIN 7 for me; run as Administrator for best results.
I don't know about Vegas Pro, but Sony Vegas Movie Studio Platinum 9 certainly can. Since Vegas Pro is the far more expensive professional version of Vegas Movie Studio Platinum, it's hard to imagine that it can't also do this. You zoom in on video clips in exactly the same way as you do with still photos. Keep in mind that if you do this, you almost certainly want to deinterlace your video if it wasn't filmed in progressive mode. It's not a big deal, just something you need to keep in mind. However, if you intend to do this often, you might want to shoot your video in progressive mode to avoid the deinterlace process altogether.
The Demo is 32bit, which means it does have a 32bit version and will work.
Actually, I started learnign it before I ordered it. There are a number of "Experts" that post how to videos on You Tube, that was a great starting place for me. There are some that go in a series and some that go all over the place. Also using the show me how button on the upper right is a good place to go for basic stuff, but to get really crazy, I recommend the You Tube teachers.
I have loaded it and run it under Windows7; however, since it does not provide two basic function that I want (ability to rearrange pictures or an easy way to open selected pictures in Coral PSPX2-my photo editor) I do not use it. I still use JACS Photo Album 5 which does what I want and it runs under Win7 also. Hope this helps. Vern
I do not know, and I wasn't able to find the answer on Corel's website. I would suggest contacting Corel's online support http://www.corel.com/corel/ to find out if it does or if there is a patch before you purchase it.
I have never tried. I use "Face on Body" software. :)
I have read the posts for 2009 and they were more than sufficient to disuade me from buying this new upgrade, or is it downgrade. I have been using 2008 Home and Business since it came out, and would recommend it.
DO NOT use Quickbooks unless you absolutely have to. I tried it, read 2 books, watched video training, and hired a Quickbooks trainer for 2 sessions to help me set up the software and STILL could not keep track of finances properly. Dual column accounting is nice if you are an accountant. If you are a regular human being, just use Quicken Home and Business. I have 3 employees plus myself. Quicken Home and Business does EVERYTHING I need it to do, and is a breeze to learn and use.
I have Quicken and like it but its a bit hard for me to answer as I've never used Quickbooks 2013 at all much less then on a Flash Drive but i understand the rationale as many people due to hackers plus improper and probably 'illegal government surveillance' are starting to put -sensitive materials- on flash drives to operate from there, And if you are still running Windows or Mac that -is probably- a sensible move tho i haven't tried it. Now some years back just to 'experiment' I've tried different applications on thumb drives plus i also used 'cheap dc disks' and ran many applications from the disk just like many run sega and nintendo games with great success tho the truth of the matter is some apps run fine and some flop totally tho Quicken tends to run very well for me, But please understand thats for me as I have "no way' of understanding what computer system your using plus its ram hard drive etc,etc, And these capability's vary vastly from machine to machine etc,. My overall experience with running programs from USB drives is 'Not Good' but i have been quite successful by burning programs to cd blank disc's and running from the disk which is a good thing to keep in mind as disks are: 1. Cheap and pretty reliable. 2. Easily availible and you can buy them without attracting attention. 3. If your uses are both 'Private and Super Sentitive the disk can easily hidden or destroyed after use. 4. Some programs that just WONT run on USB will run like a scalded dog from a cd or dvd blank etc,... To Close I' have the greatest of respect for Quicken as its a great program but I cant really quote on Quick Books as I've never used it. But since I've switched to LINUX ive found that if you run WINE program then Quicken and many other Windows programs will run very well and the Hackers along with most surveillance programs cant even touch you, Not that i am a crook but my 'customers and clients' belong to me and to me alone period,. But having had accounting and bookkeeping in school myself let me remind one and all that the best bookeeping system is 1. The one that is simple and: 2. The one that works best for you etc,. Hope that answers your questions. BEST WISHES. Indiana Ed,. I hope
Yes
burn the downloaded program to a cd and save it somewhere in case you ever need to re-install. be sure and put the reg code/serial no with it.
You should be able to use it in W8.1. You may have to use it in compatability mode, nut I don't think so.
Hated it, couldn't get it to work with my bank account, feel like it was a complete waste of my time and money.
Better stay away from this Quicken used to be good. SInce Parsons bailed for big $$ it's continually faded into the sunset of lousy programer problems with no quality assurance.
mint.com
From the complaints I've heard I'm wondering about this as well. But they seemed to have a launched an online version. They may have gone to services from the web. I'm not sure if it is intended as a full replacement, but I wonder what it means for me as I have my records from 1999 and want to keep it intact.
Not unless your operating system is OS 10.4.9 or less.
although this looked like the correct os9 cd for me, i was unable to download it onto my older mac.
No
Sadly you have to repartition your hard drive 2 partitions , MacOs 10.4 1st partition, Mac os 9.2.1 2nd partition classic as you said is not supported after 10 .3. Then after installing both you go system press and startup choose Mac os 9 or 10 ( 10.4 ) or hold X at start up an choose boot choice or try holding option key at boot
T.Dooley: If your are referring to the current $20 "upgraders" rebate (http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/00/00/02/40/10/05/240100530._V264287305_.pdf), then you don't need to own a previous version of the software to qualify. The rebate lists a total of thirteen qualifying products (eight of which are not even Adobe apps). In the list, you will notice Google Picasa (http://picasa.google.com/) which is a FREE application. And, as proof of ownership, they merely request "a printed screenshot of the About screen located in the Help menu of the product." The rebate doesn't expire 'til October 2009. So, if you still have your sales receipt and your software box (or at least TAB#1), then go ahead and claim your $20 (or send the paperwork to me...I could always use some gas money).
For years I used PE 2 and was very happy with it but decided to upgrade to PE6 due to the many new features. Despite all the negative reviews I find it to be an amazing software and for the price you can buy it for at this time a bargain. If your daughter is serious about photography and is willing to put time into learning and experimenting this will do the job. I have not had any problems whatsoever with it and even like the gray backround. Seems like PE 7 is not offering a significant upgrade over 6 and lots of complaints so she will probably be safer with 6.
Yes
If you can wait... then absolutely wait... till the next version comes out... I have purchased every version of elements and have noted that Adobe never patches their software.. they fix all the problems they find in the next version... Premiere 4 is buggy as all hell... read the comments it constantly crashes.. I suspect Premiere 7 will be far more stable otherwise why would they skip version 5 and 6 LOL. Photoshop elements 6 is far better than 5 but elements 4 was only slightly better than 3 (they added a poor quality UTUBE uploader that every one complained about and they never fixed). So you never know with Adobe the one thing for sure... if you want a more stable version of their software don't expect them to fix it for free... expect it in the next paid upgrade. The only thing you get when you click update is some new version of Adobe Acrobat reader... ??? Having said all that... these products are the best for their money in Windows environment.. hence the reason I keep upgrading with each version. Wish Final Cut would make it to the windows environment and give Adobe some real competition... by the way the new version of Adobe comes with the option of online back up of 20Gigs... come on Adobe.. with 10 meg cheap cameras that is no where near sufficient storage I have 50 gigs of photos alone not to mention my video files.
I have to admit it's a cheap photo fix that I use for small projects. Anything big would depend on the detail of fixing needed. Hope that helps
It isn't. Dell sent me a DVD to find programs that aren't compatible with windows 7. photoshop elements 7 and premiere elements 7 are not. you have to get 8. and there is no cheap upgrade, you have to buy the whole product. it's a ripoff
Save your money! I bought PE7 and haven't had any luck uploading RAW images from my Canon 50D. I am livid right now because of Amazon's misleading $20 rebate offer, Adobe's inconsistant customer service and Popular Photography magazine editor Debbie Grossman that wrote "A step-by-step guide to editing RAW in Elements" in the recent April 2009 issue. I downloaded ACR 5.3 from Adobe's website but still can't get my RAW uploaded in PE7. Adobe's customer service rep said Elements doesn't upload RAW images, you must 1st convert them to a JPEG or TIFF. If you want to work with RAW you purchase Lightroom 2 or CS4. What a bozo.
Avoid Elements 5 if you have Vista. It claims to be compatible, but after a few months on my new Vista-loaded PC, Elements 5 decided it didn't care for it and stopped opening Editor. I called Photopshop support, where a representative told me they no longer support Elements 5, but there was a patch available to make it more agreeable to Vista. So I patched, rebooted and there it was in all its former glory. Until the next time. Again, that nasty little window popped up telling me essentially that my PC had no idea what I was asking it to do. Oh, and by the way, it now no longer knew what the Organizer was. I wound up downloading a free trial of Elements 7, which seems to work OK, but I'm still ticked off equally at Photoshop and Windows Vista. Cottage cheese seems to have a longer shelf life that most software packages these days. Excuse me while I go kick the dog.
John, safe mode is a special mode of Windows mainly used to repair the operating system. You need to attempt to get the computer out of safe mode. One way to do this is to turn off the computer, then turn it back on, and before Windows starts to load repeatedly press the F8 key until you see the Windows Advanced Options menu. You can select "Start Windows Normally" from here. If it won't start "normally" you should take it in to get the operating system fixed. Windows might need to be reinstalled, so backup your data first. Good luck!
I doubt it but I printed my entire return on TurboTax itself but I've never tried to use elements to print a turbo tax document good luck
Yes, it will work on Win7. Used it for about 3 years on Win7.
Yes... But if you try to send it on the net, better use drop box.
I have windows 7 and had to set up a virtual machine (which is like a separate operating system inside of the windows 7 operating system)to be able to use it. Windows 7 claims it's not a problem, but I had to hire a computer professional to set it up because there are issues with having your printer and other peripherals recognized and available to both the wiindows 7 programs and ones on the "virtual machine" .
Word Perfect 8 is VERY OLD and was designed to work with Windows 95 - I doubt it will work with any of the newer Windows operating systems.
Yes it does. While this was made before windows 7 existed, it works right out of the box in windows 7.
With your word 2003 documents..when you do save as...go to the "save as type"..the drop down menu will give you options on saving your docs.. not sure which ones are on 2003 version but try them all. Then when you get your new version you should be able to open them. Not sure about the other question and the features.
Word is the Microsoft Office word processing program. WordPerfect is the Corel word processing program. In order to get Word, you will need to purchase Microsoft Office.
Yes.
yes. it should cooperate.
They mean you can put the software on up to 3 pc's belonging to the same person at any given time.
You probably have an answer to this already, but: When a new version of a product is released (in this case NIS 2010), Amazon labels the old version [OLD VERSION]. So, there is only one NIS 2009, but there is a new version of NIS, namely NIS 2010.
Yes, you can also upgrade for free to newer Norton versions of same product and you will get the remaining subscription days you were left in older version in the new one as well. But keep in mind it only works for same product only.. NIS to NIS, NAv to NAV & N360 to N360. If you have Norton AntiVirus you cannot upgrade to Norton Internet Security or Norton 360
Hi David, I was laid-off a few years ago, and while I was between jobs, I took classes at a Jr. College. My goal was to open my own business as a freelance bookkeeper, thereby becoming layoff proof! I actually attended two colleges as one was online. I took classes in QuickBooks and Peachtree. One of my textbooks was from The Sleeter group. You can buy their books online. These books come with practice files and the college has free or low cost versions of the software for you to learn with. Starting my own business was an excellent move.
Good cent, Did you took the name of the tech. /sales support. If so next time you can track it. I am also waiting for the fix in QB pro-2009.
I bought a new version 209 quick book. amazon should have gave you the numbers for registration. You could call intuit and maybe they can help .I don't think they support 209 anymore.
It should, I am running it on Windows XP Professional an older version without issue.
I have had QB for 10 yr. and now I'm using Premier 2008. I too have the same complaint with the credit memo issue, and would like to add to your comments: When I pay multiple invoices, the credit memo alert needs to be much bigger or a different color (put it in red) so it is more noticeable and I will remember to use the credit. Also, you have to check the applicable invoice and go through the process of using the credit, then go back and pay the other invoices. If you do not do it this way, the credit will not even show up, if you just go and check all the invoices that you want to pay.
Thanks for the helpful response. I intend to back it up on a thumb drive.
Hello Burak, I recommend a 2.4GHz Dual or Quad-core processor or higher in order to improve your issue(if you are doing high-definition editing ie. 1920x1080 editing--if you are doing standard video editing then you processor should suffice). 4GB of RAM should suffice but it is recommended that you have a higher GHz processor. This should improve lock-ups/freezes. Vista is not the greatest operating system but there are ways around it to make it work better. Also, I recommend Corel Videostudio Pro X2 over Pinnacle anyday...I have Pinnacle Studio 12 and it definetly has more software issues then Coral has. I hope I was of some help. George
No, I've found the best way to do that is to buy a VHS to DVD recorder. Once you transfer the VHS to DVD, you can rip it to your computer then edit it in this program.
Raymond, it is probably conflicting with a newer version of Quicktime. I had the same problem until I uninstalled the current version of Quicktime and then installed Quicktime Alternative 311. It stops it from freezing up. The problem is then that iTunes won't work if you have a recent version because it needs the newer QT. I've tried installing the patches for Video Studio Pro X2, but that doesn't help. Anyone found a better solution?
Absolutely! Not that I'm encouraging illegal activity, but, if you have a DVD decrypter, you can save a copyrighted DVD to disc (via the decrypter) and import it into VS using the import wizard (just remember to look for the saved/decrypted folder, not a disc in a drive).
Check out the review left on November 2, 2008 by Chawks. They list that as one of the things it can do. I was wondering the same thing. I did that with my daughters camera and how silly I felt to shoot it sideways trying to get it closer. I had been shooting stills with it all day and it all happened so fast I did not think before I shot it trying not to miss a kid on stilts. So, I am going to try this one and hope it does that.
The problem is that your video is MP4. So far as I can tell, Videostudio just doesn't support that. You can convert your footage pretty easily though. Try the Freemake video converter. It's freeware and it just works.
according to their website it will.
I've not found one I've looked for one too-- there isn't one.
Yes! Importing of DVD clips is included, if not primary, to this software.
Most software will automatically compress as needed. I use Sony Vegas Movie Studio and that's what it does, at least with avi files. When you are ready to burn, it will warn you that it needs to compress to fit on the target disk. As far as working with other formats, you would just have to find out what formats the software handles or convert it. Another option is DL (double-layer) disks.
Yes - I've been using PS Elements 7 and Corel PSP Photo X2 on a Vista Ultimate 64 machine for several months with no problems.
I am also interested in this question, since I am thinking of switching to PSP from Elements, which DOES allow this.
Most definitely yes. I have been using this program for years, and I have even brought it to work and showed it to my boss... we now have 6 licensed copies at work for doing that very thing. I use this program mainly for taking parts of photos and combining them with other photos to create graphics to fill our customers' requests. Each element you use can be placed on a separate layer to be blended and edited independently from the other elements. It is very easy to do, and you can enhance your creations with plug in filters that are designed for Photo Shop. (Yes, PS filters work in PSP). Alien Skin has some excellent filters and you can download demos of them to try out.
Like the person above asked..I have Corel Paint Shop X2 as well and now contemplating buying a Dell laptop. It has windows7 installed on it. So, there are now two people wanting to know if this X2 will run? I do lots of graphics, imposing on photos with other objets, etc....Could we pleeeeeease get an answer from someone that may be already running PSP X2 while using windows7? Thank you, Tiger
I am running it on Windows 7 64 bit and works great.
Yes Why?
Good question. I have no idea!! An E-Mail to Corel should answer that. Sorry that I cannot be of more assistance but I use with Windows 7 John Springfield, OR.
My experience is that it will not install on my computer after I upgraded to Windows 7 Professional 64 bit. My copy of Photoshop CS4 Extended had worked OK on both Windows XP and Vista64bit prior to my purchase of Win7. If interested, see my review posted under the full retail version of this product.
I would also like to know this.
Costco gives very good prints with "auto correct on" if you save your file with an embedded sRGB profile. Their printer drivers are tuned for sRGB (adobe RGB (aRGB) gives poor results as the default). You can get better results (marginally) if you download the ICC profiles from Dry Creek and turn off "auto correct". However this is much more complicated (instructions on how to do this are on the Costco website). You have to edit in one color space, then soft proof and convert the profile from the working color space to the Dry Creek profile. This is not worth the effort unless you are selling your prints, and even then ....... My advice, try sRGB with no auto correct.
Your answer is the prima facie reason to not purchase this here. Pure obsfuscation. A product's price is a product's price. I was about to purchase but your snarky (and rude) answer to the legitimate question made me not do so. You are paternalistic. I can use another vendor and I will.
I had to email them in regards to the rebate.. still awaiting a response.
It works for Windows 7 (at least 32 bit), but you need the updated version to work in current Apple OS's. Sometimes you can buy the old version cheap enough just to get the upgrade price on the new Fusion. Parallels is a comparable system and an older version does work on current Macs
I'm also looking for this upgrade but I have a feeling we've been given bad information. I don't see anywhere on the VMware website about a free upgrade for recently purchased product. Only a paid upgrade. Chris L, where is it that you are entering your serial number online?
After installing this version of KIS my system slowed to a crawl. It would take 10 minutes to boot. After I figured out it was Kaspersky, I removed it and haven't used their products since. At my work with 2000 computers, they use McAfee.
I use Kaspersky Internet Security on my Vista laptop. It works great but at one time for some reason Id get blue screens and Vista said Kaspersky was the cause. What I did was go to the repair-uninstall feature and did the repair and its worked fine since then. I also use nod32. Both Kaspersky and nod32 are very highly rated but I think nod32 is supposed to use less system resources and may be a better choice if you dont have a high performance computer. I found a good deal on nod32 but honestly if you wait and look around you should be able to find Kaspersky for a free after rebate price.
Having had bad experience with Kaspersy before, I would not venture any further. Just getting out of Kaspersy mess takes a day.
Level 4, Fluenz
Hi, I'm a part of the Fluenz team. Thanks for taking an interest in our software and for your concern over Amazon remaining a valuable place for people looking to get objective reviews. We've been selling at Amazon for about a year and a half now. Over the course of that time, Amazon has contacted thousands of our users directly, and hundreds of them have responded by posting Seller Reviews. I bring this up because the Seller Reviews--4.8 stars from nearly 300 people--mirror the general feelings of the product reviews. There are a few negative ones in there (one person hated that he had to use the DVD, another experienced a shipping mistake, others had some usability issues), but overall they're very positive. And the only way anyone can submit a Seller Review is if they actually buy a Fluenz program at Amazon, and Amazon contacts them directly asking for their comments. Of course all the reviews on our product pages are real, but I think pointing you to these Seller Reviews is the easiest way to show this. You can read these reviews here:
Hi Andres, We also have Levels 3+4+5 available here: http://www.amazon.com/Learn-Italian-Fluenz-Mac-iPhone/dp/B00A3MV5XQ/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&qid=1427807988&sr=8-2&keywords=fluenz+italian+3%2B4%2B5 Cheers,
Hi Eric, After ordering Italian 1+2, you can purchase the user upgrade for levels 3+4+5 directly through us. When you're ready to move onto those levels, just let us know and we can provide further help. - Fluenz User Support
I think you wanna get them both - italian isn't an easy language to learn and after going through both of the levels you will have a very basic Italian knowledge. pretty much enough to get by while traveling.
Yes you can. It comes with an Audio Companion for MP3 players. I have mine on my iPod.
Its http://www.discoverspanish.com/
Latin Spanish
Yes several children as well as adults could use this program to learn the basics of spanish, it is most helpful in learning conversational spanish.
It has a copywrite of 2012, so I would imagine it does. It does not say on their web site or in the packaging.
I don't know this CD wasn't up to my standards on Spanish because this was too basic for me to. I instead opted for a different program. In my opinion Fluenz Spanish is a good one. I'm sorry that this didn't officially answer your question. Best of Luck!
Just used it because of a suggestion on one of the reviews on amazon. I was fully satisifed. Within 2 hours I had filed my federal and state forms electronically and paid much less than TurboTax or TaxCut. I itemize deductions but otherwise don't have an especially complicated tax form to file, so I'm not sure how it would work with a more complicated tax situation.
A couple years ago I tried TaxCut after the TurboTax fiasco regarding rebates. I cut off my nose to spite my face. TaxCut could not accurately record and report the Clergy Housing Allowance calculations. I had to "lie" to the program to get the results I knew to be true (been doing my own clergy tax for almost 30 years with no problems and no audits). I wrote TaxCut with a detailed description of the problem, but have never received a response. Also, I found TaxCut clumsy and harder to use compared to TurboTax. Although I am back to TT this year and last, it may be time to use downloaded forms from IRS along with a desktop calculator. Others may want to begin paying a tax preparer and avoid the hassle altogether.
You can use some online tools to convert your etrade data into txf format. Try this out: http://www.txf-express.com/ This site provides both online service and a downloadable software. I used their on-line service. A real time saver I must say. BTW, it costs me 3 bucks. A pretty good value.
If you scroll down the main page (instead of clicking on the reviews) you'll find (highlighted in yellow): "Looking for Customer Reviews for a previous version? Customer Reviews submitted on Turbo Tax Deluxe Federal State + eFile 2008 prior to December 13, 2008, have been moved to the previous version of the product because the product was updated at that time." Don't know when exactly it was done, but those hundreds of bad reviews were moved to the link under 'previous version'. Kinda sneaky of Amazon.
Yes, TaxCut can import previous years' TurboTax data.
I'm not hired either and I gave it 5 stars. One issue I do have with the ratings is people who are using TT Basic, Business, etc are reviewing the "Deluxe" version. Every version has different features and although many concepts are the same I don't think a review on "Turbo Tax Basic" should be a spotlight review for Turbo Tax Deluxe as there are differences.
I agree! It is absolutely crazy that on Saturday night when I placed it in my cart it had dropped to $41.99 (unable to finalize purchase because I was waiting for an email reply from TT support regarding the functions of Deluxe version). The next day it was at $49.99. Now it is listed at $53.99! For goodness sake, give me your best offer - then leave it alone while I resolve all of the other issues with TT and make a decision.
Right on the nose! I used Quickbooks for years and finally just gave up on this company. It sure seems that marketing is running this company, and trying to do so based on profits alone, totally ignoring the shoddy products they are putting out. Adding "features" that only provide more money for Intuit, are not improvements. It has always been nearly impossible to import data to Quickbooks, and a few simple wizards and a free UPS shipping interface would have gotten them a lock on the whole market if they had just included them FOR FREE and stopped trying to sell us other stuff we did not want. This latest deal is just a window into a company that just doesn't "get it". I have used TaxCut for years and its just super.
Folks, I've posted this before but I'll say it again. Do not just automatically purchase TurboTax (or anything else from Amazon, for that matter) from the first window that pops up on your screen. ALWAYS click on the "New and Used" button further down the page. The initial price you see is not necessarily the lowest price you can buy the item for. For example, right now the price of TurboTax Deluxe + State + eFile is $42.50 at the top of this page. If you click on the "New and Used" button you'll see a list of other merchants who are also selling TT through Amazon. One has it for $28.99. It's the same new-in-box product that the other vendor is selling for a lot more. I did this last week and with shipping my TT Deluxe was around $32. Exact same product that others here have paid $40, $50 and more for.
TaxAct.com 13.95 to file BOTH Federal and State!
I have been using Tax Cut for 4 years now. How the states have worked in the past is you get one state if you buy a product that includes the state. You can do as many state returns as you want for that state. For example, I live in Virginia and I can do my return and as many friends returns as I want on the software as long as they are in Virginia. My family lives in Kentucky, so I have to buy an additional state for Kentucky, but I can do as many as I want with that state. The e-file fees are separate. You have to pay those fees for each state return e-filed. If you paper file, there are no additional fees for the states once you purchase that state. As far as the federal e-file is concerned, you can use the 5 free for any 5 federal returns that you e-file - doesn't matter who they are. Hope this helps in clearing some of the confusion! Overall, I have been very pleased with the software and will use it again this year.
Linda, I run Windows XP SP2 and have the updates installed as an automatic routine. It's not a political issue with me, it's just a matter of keeping the OS updates properly installed. They actually do improve the performance of a system. As far as browsers go, I'm currently running (in order of priority) Google Chrome, MSIE 8 (beta), and Firefox. These are all on a single computer as I write this to you, an aging HP with an Intel Celeron processor, as can be seen here in this review:
TaxCut would allow you to print both Federal and State returns. Using e-File option is YOUR choice. TaxCut would NOT make you e-File. I hope this helps.
I would say not much improvement. I'm hitting the same thing :(
I have already downloaded my one state software. I tried to do another state and my TaxCut version (Mac Premium Federal + State) says it is $29.95 per additional state. Hope that answers your question.
That is correct. This is for filing 2008 tax returns (year end 12/31/2008).
No - there can only be one user with the software loaded on one computer. But with this software I do my taxes, my son's, my mother's and a friends. So it's well worth it to me. Oh, you can have 5 electronic internet returns by entering the key code provided you on the software but you can do only 1 free state return. You can file additional state returns electronically by paying the state's filing fee on a credit card or you can just print them out and mail them. I've been using this product for probably 15 years now and never a problem.
since Mac OS computers only make up 4% of computers, its not really economically sound for them to invest money to do that. your learning the lesson of owning a mac, there is not alot out there for you.
It will work with Cricut Expressions Version 2.43
None..... Worked perfectly
Yes it does.
I too have both Cricut machine and yes they work on sure cuts a lot 1and 2 only. Contact the craft edge they own SCAL programs. Let them know what you want to do and they can help u that way. I know that cricut provocraft will not allow the SCAL w/ cricut. Their email address is support@craftedge.com
No. It does not. It works on the older expression and 6" machines
It does but if you will have to get a special authorization code from the company
This doesn't but you can look for the MAC version is also available in Amazon
I downloaded it on my computer but never could get it to pull up so I email SCAL and they told me that it was not compatible to the cricut mini. I bought it because the information I read said it was compatible to all cricut, they fell to say all cricut except the mini, so I have a SCAL downloaded that I can't use on my mini.
No
I think so, you can call Tech Junkies and he will be able to tell you. They walked me through everything
As a former user of Calendar Creator, I wish I could answer your question. I abandoned CC in 2009 because of incompatibilities with my then Operating System, but mostly because I found the newer versions of CC far inferior to the much older CC2. I have pages and pages of emails with "Brandy redux" a Hoyle/Encore forum moderator (pine_97@yahoo.com - I have no idea if this email is still accessible), who spent countless hours of email time with me, as I poured out my frustrations with the inability of CC9 and CC12 to duplicate the excellent features of the earlier edition. I am the editor of our church newsletter, and I needed a workable calendar - I resorted to creating my own calendar template using Excel. Sorry I couldn't give a direct answer to your question. You might try the email address above to determine if "Brandy" still operates as a moderator for CC. jackolynh@aol.com
1. First select Entry. 2. Then click Ctrl+M on keyboard. 3. Highlight Text in description box. 4. Then click the center tool on toolbar. 5. Click OK Item centered in Calendar date box.
Yes it will. I am running Windows 7 Professional 64bit. It runs well.
Thats what i am using. i had used an earlier version of the program that i liked better, but this worked. had trouble finding how to use photos, but then i put them on a flash drive and they were easy to use. had trouble finding them on my hard drive. works fine.
Yes it would be nice to be able to scroll down a calendar on screen with the wheel on my mouse. One always has to go to the side and move the calendar manually which I find a pain.
No, I did not find that format.
Not unless you want to upgrade your os to windows 8 or your 9 installation doesn't,t allow you to open an skf file by double clicking it. There is very little difference between the two versions otherwise.
Yes to both questions. I am also running this version on WIN8.
The open menu shows skd V2.x as a format option so it looks like it will open version 2.1 skd files.
I needed only 2D. Don't use it much. Found it easier to write algorithmic images using Matlab.
yes
Yes
All of them. Just use Save As. For PDF use print thenselect PDF.
Save as an dxf then you can print to a pdf using the Autodesk viewer. I have not had very good luck going directly to a pdf from Autosketch.
YES
Its designed for vista and windows xp but i use it on windows 8.1 ok so i would think it will work on windows 7. There are of course no guarantees.
I don't think there should be a smidgin of difference if the monitors were calibrated at the same time and with the same software under the same room lighting conditions.
The specific software that is associated with this question is no longer available. If you're looking at a used copy or something, it only works with Adobe Lightroom and Apple Aperture. However, the current version of this software, not available through Amazon, as far as I can tell, can be purchased through Google. https://www.google.com/nikcollection/ The updated software works with Aperture, Photoshop, Photoshop Elements, and other products. I would save your money, not buy this version, and purchase the modern one that will do what you want, and probably work a lot better.
In my opinion Nik is by far a more powerful instrument when used in Photoshop than LR.
Same question for Silver Efex Pro - does this include Version 2?
The file format of the recorded material is probably incorrect. Double check what the file extension is on your digital file and see if you can convert it to a compatible file type.
My Roxio version is easy VHS TO DVD 3PLUS, I have Windows 64, this program is very erratic, now it works next there's no video feed, just a green screen, duration time is unreliable, as I program a set time, it will tape a few minutes or an hour then stops. These are the problems that I have, I do not know about using Captue from Sound card.
No, mine was OK.
Did you ever figure our if the Kindle 2 is compatible with an apple computer? Steven
I'm looking for the same answer. I did notice that the very early reviews of this product did mention that a screen popped up that said the material was copyrighted and, therefore, stopped. Unless someone can tell us otherwise, I suspect the answer is no. I have two old VHS movies that have never been released in DVD format and would like to preserve them for my own personal use only. Has ANYONE been able to copy commercial VHS movies to DVD with this program??? Thanks.
I think the main thing to keep in mind with Manga Studio is that it's a drawing program.. substantially different in intent and operations than what you might normally do with Illustrator or Photoshop. Illustrator and Photoshop are both hands down more powerful programs, and there isn't anything that Manga Studio can do that these can't, but the real difference is in how efficient Manga Studio is for the freehand artist specifically, increasing speed and productivity significantly for this type of application.
Yes no problems at all.
Really just about any sort of graphics tablet will be good, but I would recommend getting her a Wacom brand tablet. Even one of the cheaper Wacom tablets will be better and last longer than most other brands. One of the Wacom Bamboo tablets would be more than adequate for her if she is just learning how to use a graphics tablet. If she's a bit more serious about doing computer art, I would recommend getting her an Intuos- they have a few more features and are a bit more sensitive, but there's no reason to get her one that's more expensive if she's not sure she'll use it. Good luck! Manga Studio is my favorite program. If she likes to draw comics she will love this software!
It does. I bought it a while back and it works perfectly with windows 7.
Yes it can.
EX is the full package, with useful options Debut lacks. Despite the name, think of the software as meant for all kinds of comics (not just manga). If you want to make a comic, it's fantastic for that. However it does have tools for drawing, if that's all you need.
What is your screen saying when you try to click it?
I take it you mean the activation key? It's on a sticker on the disk.
I own an older Wacom, the Intuos 2. It's over a decade old but works wonderfully with Manga Studio 4 EX.
It works with Windows 7 so I don't see why it wouldn't.
cpg is the manga studio page file just like psd is the photoshop document file. (cst is the manga studio story file) Try opening a new page in manga studio than import an image like a jpeg. Or open a new page in manga studio and then scan in your image. You'll have a choice of making it either a sketch layer (which ironically is one you cannot draw on, but it is your sketch that you can ink with a new raster layer over it). Or you can scan it in as a raster layer and draw and edit right on the layer.
i believe it works on windows 8, but not sure about the cd rom, i doubt it since manga studio 4 programs are most likely discontinued, i could be wrong on that one though
Yes but I'd recommend getting manga studio 5 debut
I believe it can be used, however you may not be able to get the additional stuff that makes manga studio at it's peak... the only thing I may be able to suggest is to have your computer (im assuming laptop) at someone's place that would allow you internet, then you may be able to download the additional features, that way you can enjoy fully of the manga studio debut 4, it is a great program to have. I personally love it, and I hope you enjoy the same experience.
Yeah it'll work so long as u have the bamboo programs installed and rdy to go u can use it ^^cuz I have one too and it works perfectly with it.
Hi, The version I bought would not run on the PC. It never loaded or worked. It was a big waste of time and money.
Yes, you can go to the company website and download a free 30 day trial. However, at this price (currently $18) how can one lose? :D
Yes it gives more control than the mouse does
Not that I've seen
It sounds like you've got the setting of the dpi low on the default new files or story files. Other than that, there's a utility called lion cache cleaner(used to be leopard cache cleaner), that can fix randomly odd problems, though if it's a setting, I don't know if it will fix it.
Don't know which version? I haven't checked, but it should tell you if you go in the About in the file menu. Did you even try installing it, or does it not say? In any case, you need serial number to activate it, or be a trial. Don't know if full or special, as Toast 10 Pro didn't come with a serial for it, at least not on my copy. That's probably because it was a trial to begin. I think you'd be better off with iPhoto (if you don't have Adobe Photoshop). That's Mac. On Windows, Microsoft's photo editor won't cut it--too simple, and often doesn't do what I want it to do. If worst comes to worst (that is, if you have a camera), try your camera's software. In the meantime, try it out, but I think that you'll probably find some free photo editors, such as try Download.com (CNET).
I bought a mac because I thought it would be better to make photo slideshow and video. I have been taking classes at the MAC store and have found that there is nothing that compares to Photdex Proshow Gold for the PC. I have spent months searching and was told by apple techs that if I want professional looking photos and video on my large screen TV I would have to buy the very expensive Final Cut and not the Express one because it has to go though iDVD which degrades the pictures. Tech even said "iDVD just sucks". Proshow is less than $100. I am very discouraged!!! Will Roxio solve this problem?
What processor does your Mac have? If it's a G4 or earlier, you may need an earlier version of Toast. If it's an Intel chip, it should work. Check with the manufacturer.
All in all, the 740 traffic is not good at all. I live in a very congested area of Central Florida, frequently driving both Orlando and Tampa. Very poor traffic flow coverage, non-existent for long stretches of I4 and I75. No secondary coverage at all. In comparison, MSNDirect has extensive coverage with full color-coded traffic speed data covering nearly all major highways in and around Tampa, including secondaries over 30 miles out. Orlando not quite as extensive, but still much better than the 740's traffic. If buying for this feature, my advice is don't.
Here is the BEST answer I can give you. It isn't worth it at ANT price. It NEVERS works so save your money. I can not tell you the nightmares I have endured with trying to get this miserable piece of junk's live traffic to work. . . over a period of YEARS and many RMA's. Don't bother.
Best one I ever had.
I am running it on windows 8.1 and it does fine
I use Jack on a Windows 8 computer.
No. Online not required.
I am running Jack 5.0.2 on an HP laptop with Windows 7 Professional Service Pack 1 64 bit I7 CPU 6.00 GB
No. It is a PC-based program.
I purchased it for a friend who hasn't tried it on a Mac, so I can't give you a definitive answer. However, as far as I know, it does not work on a Mac but was specifically designed for PC. Sorry I can't be more definite than that.
Yes, I have a Lap Top with Windows 8 and I've loaded Jack 5 and it works. Robert Sleadd
No.
Jack does not speak but sends text messages on a portion of the screen to let you know various pieces of information.
Updating to Jack 6 at reduced cost will be possible from the previous version, Jack 5, only. European pricing is 35 euro, which includes VAT. We also offer a downloadable version. In order to use the Jack 6 upgrade you just need to own a copy of Jack 5. Installing Jack 5 first is not required. We strongly encourage you to buy the Jack 6 software from your local reseller. If you do prefer ordering directly from us, you can use our Paypal order form: www.jackbridge.com/epaypal.htm Did you recently (in 2014) acquire Jack 5? Please contact sales@jackbridge.com and inquire about the possibilities. Please include your Jack 5 registration code. More information about Jack can be found on our website www.jackbridge.com. See also Resellers, Product Jack and Product activation. Please feel free to contact sales@jackbridge.com if you have any questions
You don't say what you are using now. But without knowing that, I'd say WP12 is find with up to an XP. If you are using Windows 7 or 8, WP12 is probably not compatible.
Not quite sure what's preventing you from simply installing it as you did before. Unless you no longer have the requisite serial info or password to do so. I'm sorry I'm not very helpful. I can tell you that personally when I have had the need to install on a new computer and can't find either the disc or the info (which is almost always the case) I simply orflder a new one. The version I have isn't very costly and there are a number of places to find em. Good luck. Maybe you should ask a thirteen year old. I'm 50 and that's what I end up doing.
Yes, it works on mine.
I haven't had any problems whatsoever with it on Windows 8.
I actually liked version 11
The version we purchased was WordPerfect 12 only.
It's possible you have a newer version of MSWord that isn't compatible with an older version of WordPerfect.
Yes. If you have the disk and the key code. I successfully installed it on my new computer with no problem.
I do not know if WordPerfect can work on Windows 8, but it works well on Windows 7. Alternatively, WordPerfect Office 5X can be purchased for under $75 and works well on both 7 & 8.
Hi - Yes, SiteSpinner allows you to add code. I have done it to add a visit counter. I am not familiar with PageMill, so I can't offer much else. Steve
I have re-installed the program after a computer crash. I suggest that you email Virtual Mechanics and ask them if you can install it on both a laptop and a desktop. The folks at VM are very nice and reasonable. Keep in mind that you will have to link your laptop and your desktop or you will have different programs and changes to one will not change the other.
You do not need to know any coding to be able to use SiteSpinner Pro.
It's a great package ........ but does take time to get to grips with for more complex sites. It really depends what you want to produce on your site. There is a fantastic team of guys who 'help' via a forum - they are unbelievably good! I love SiteSpinner, as it does so much more and is more versatile than so many other packages I tried.
This program is a toy suited towards a ten year old playing around. If you want a serious program that is easy to use, go with Serif Web Plus or Template Toaster.
I don't know
Yes it can, as many pages & links as you need... To give you an idea, this is one of my sites I created using sitespinner... thesingandsmileclub.co.uk
Linda - yes it does.
Hi Harry - I am pretty sure the answer is no to that one. If you are able to use DreamWeaver, SiteSpinner probably wouldn't be powerful enough. It is really meant for non-techie people like me! Steve
I would reccomend strongly against this program. It is a very primitive program which is also hard to use. Serif Web Plus is a far superior product in the same price range, and they actually have a customer service team that is reachable by phone to answer questions.
Hi - Yes, SiteSpinner allows you to add code. I have done it to add a visit counter. I am not familiar with PageMill, so I can't offer much else. Steve
I have re-installed the program after a computer crash. I suggest that you email Virtual Mechanics and ask them if you can install it on both a laptop and a desktop. The folks at VM are very nice and reasonable. Keep in mind that you will have to link your laptop and your desktop or you will have different programs and changes to one will not change the other.
You do not need to know any coding to be able to use SiteSpinner Pro.
It's a great package ........ but does take time to get to grips with for more complex sites. It really depends what you want to produce on your site. There is a fantastic team of guys who 'help' via a forum - they are unbelievably good! I love SiteSpinner, as it does so much more and is more versatile than so many other packages I tried.
This program is a toy suited towards a ten year old playing around. If you want a serious program that is easy to use, go with Serif Web Plus or Template Toaster.
I don't know
Yes it can, as many pages & links as you need... To give you an idea, this is one of my sites I created using sitespinner... thesingandsmileclub.co.uk
Linda - yes it does.
Hi Harry - I am pretty sure the answer is no to that one. If you are able to use DreamWeaver, SiteSpinner probably wouldn't be powerful enough. It is really meant for non-techie people like me! Steve
I would reccomend strongly against this program. It is a very primitive program which is also hard to use. Serif Web Plus is a far superior product in the same price range, and they actually have a customer service team that is reachable by phone to answer questions.
It will work only if the device was preloaded with the map for that corresponding part of the world, not if it was on a SD card. The other thing that may work is the GARMIN dvd with life time update. I had to return my key since I was not able to install the update (original with life timeNorth America map preloaded, Europe on a one time SD card) The lifetime Europe update would not install. I had to call Garmin to confirm this.
Yes this update will work on your device. You need to resister the device on Garmin.com. Don't forget you still need to buy the European Maps for this update to work. Below is the link to the Micro SD card I bought on amazon. It will work on your device. http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00200K1TS/ref=oh_details_o08_s00_i00?ie=UTF8&psc=1
I don't know since I was not able to load the map into my GPS
We are leaving for Turquey and Croacia and plan to rent a car. Are these counties included in the maps?
One can order EITHER the download or the micro SD card. We received the Micro SD card which allows us to use in different GPS.
Yes
On the silver label- forget what that's call but it will be a combination of letters and numbers and its long
I can't answer because I have no clue. My sister gave me Dragon Naturally Speaking for Christmas several years ago, but it won't install. A notice saying "Processor speed is inadequate for Dragon Naturally Speaking 10.1" so I returned it to her.
Dragon NaturallySpeaking home version 12.5 works with Windows 8 in general. What I mean by that is that if you're using Microsoft products for example, word, excel, Outlook, and PowerPoint. It seems to work fantastically. In all other cases you will simply have to use the dictation box which is a part of Dragon NaturallySpeaking that can be used when the program does not allow for direct dictation. On the other hand if you have purchased Dragon NaturallySpeaking premium 12.5. This is the professional version and it is specifically designed to work with Windows 8 directly without frequent use of the dictation box. Finally to make myself clear if you cannot directly dictate in application all you have to do is say "open dictation box". This is if you're just using the home version, and if you happen to own the professional version of Dragon you should be able to dictate directly to a Windows 8 application.
I can't answer this one because a message showed up saying "Processor speed is inadequate for the Dragon Naturally Speaking" when I tried to download the appropriate software.
Why are you recording a recording? Usually when you record a class you just play back the tapes without re recording the whole lecture. Normally when I record a class I use my Sony tape recorder, not digital, and I label all the tapes I record. In this way I can select which lectures I want to listen to again. It seems you are doing double work.
Yes, like Richard says, plug gps into pc. Download and install "Base Camp" on your pc. Then you can either click the Icon at the top Base Camp tool bar to "send to device", or click on "device" and then "send to device". Some of the maps (City Navigator) have to be unlocked on line. Be careful, gps's will only hold a limited amount of maps. The Garmin Montana 650T will only display maps if there are less than 3,000 downloaded on it. 24K Region Topo maps have thousands of maps on them so you should only select areas you think you will need and download those maps. Too many and the gps will not work. All else fails, call Garmin support. They are pretty helpful.
David, My program was a DVD. I also have DeLorme software. MUCH BETTER... Don, Chandler, AZ
WHAT? the question is too vague? I can tell you this: I returned TOPO because I felt it was useless and the producers need to invest time and NOT rush there product to market in the version I had in order to make it truly beneficial. It is mostly featureless and ultimately useless, lacking trails, roads, land marks, etc. I hope that answered your question?
I just ordered it today so I can answer the question in a few days. I did this based on an FAQ at gpscity.com about part 010-11314-50. They said they are the same map, the part number is different because of packaging. I ordered the southeast DVD from Amazon a while back. Part 010-11319-50 does not appear on anything I received but the DVD is labeled Version 2.00.
It is a Topo map - but there are some trails. My experiences with it in Tennessee, Colorado, and Montana is that some trails are there, others aren't. It is sometimes surprising what will be there and the things that are not. If you intend to hike a national park, for example, it might be worthwhile to purchase a map for that specific park. For example, you can purchase from the Trailhead series. There's one for the Pacific Crest Trail, if that helps. Regarding a trail overlay - If you intend to load the Topo onto your GPS you need to check to see if it can handle the additional info. I use the Basecamp software from Garmin (free download) and with it you can install overlay information. You can also overlay aerial photography.
No. Neither the maps or the trails on them are 100% accurate. And private lands are not usually marked.
You want TOPO US 24K - Mountain North, that has Idaho.
I think the garmin topo maps are just OK. Not enough detail for me. They show BLM land, but not enough trails for me. I ride dual sport off road. I purchased the DeLorme Topo v.10. Much better. Every trail, every view, great routing resources. Don Taylor, Chandler, AZ
The topo product for the whole US is a lower resolution (100k) compared to 24k, so you do not see as many topo lines, 2 tracks etc. But the big difference would be that the 100k version does not support 'routing' (at least it did not when I bought it), while the 24k one does. 'Routing' is where you select a Go-to location, and the GPS picks a road route for you.
Better call Garmin. They are pretty helpful and knowledgeable. As usual, don't use MSN browser, Firefox accesses and downloads Garmin products much better.
It's a license for up to 3 PCs. It works with both Vista and XP.
Come with a cd
Just received it in the mail today. On the box it does specifically say that it can be used on Vista 32 and 64 bit versions. It does also list Windows 7 (32 and 64 bit). So you both should be just fine using it on whatever version you have.
I don't believe so. You are better off buying a new version every year when your subscription runs out and paying around $30 or so (sometimes less if there is a rebate) than renewing/buying a subscription.
It's a license for up to 3 PCs. It works with both Vista and XP.
Come with a cd
Just received it in the mail today. On the box it does specifically say that it can be used on Vista 32 and 64 bit versions. It does also list Windows 7 (32 and 64 bit). So you both should be just fine using it on whatever version you have.
I don't believe so. You are better off buying a new version every year when your subscription runs out and paying around $30 or so (sometimes less if there is a rebate) than renewing/buying a subscription.
Yes! It is compatible with Windows 8, 7, Vista and XP.
The software provides many plans to work with. One is specific to Full Keyboard and has at least 10 lessons within it. Then there are Advanced, Sentences, Speed and Accuracy, Business and other plans that will make use of the full keyboard. I purchased this a while ago and it has certainly improved my typing ability greatly. Hope this answers your question.
The box says 8 & up. It is great and it has some fun games that he would enjoy while learning.
Yes,I use it on windows 8
I have an individual version which I can put on 2-3 systems as long as I am the user (or my kids), but there are multi-user licenses available for Schools, libraries and organizations, which I would assume are corporations. They have online versions and CD versions. If you buy an individual version, you will not be able to make as many copies as you want as it it requires a license key that is checked.
According to the instructions on the box it says: Learn in English or Spanish". I haven't tried it in Spanish though.
Yes. I have Windows 8.1 and it works fine.
This is a great program for anyone who wants to learn how to type. Bought this program for the family and our teenage son is now a wiz typing on his desktop and laptop computer. He now types around 60-70 wpm. My wife uses the program also just to keep up her speed. She loves it. Good luck.
Yes, definitely. I bought it for my son when he was in 5th or 6th grade.
Yes have Windows 7 64-bit and I could not activate it. It took a month, they sent me copy that required no activaction. So I'm not sure if it's the same copy I paid or not it's rather simple. I've had friends try to activate with no luck
Not sure fully as I didn't try it - only loaded on XP. There is a mode in Windows 8 which will allow old application to run in new OS - you should try that. From a WEB link "The good news is that most software that runs in Windows XP should also work in Windows 8. If you hit problems with a particular application, try running it in Compatibility Mode. To do this, right-click its icon and choose Troubleshoot Compatibility - or search your computer for "Run programs made for previous versions of Windows". Follow the onscreen instructions to see if the application fares better with settings that emulate an older edition of the operating system. Good luck
I don't believe so. We have only used the pictures that are provided by software.
According to Staples, where I took it, it will NOT run on this.
Elana, if you are going to try to make some computer generated Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles... I'd say get in line sista! i used this on my apple II GS to create those turtles in a half shell and boy did it work wonders! -- Michael Bay
We only have actual disc available. I don't know if there is a downloadable version.
Not that I am aware of
Yes I believe so, I only installed it on my wife's PC
Yes it does.
Suzanne, I'm sorry, I don't have a MAC OS X system, so I don't know if the game works on it or not. That would be a manufacturer or seller's questions. It worked very well on my Windows 7 system.
Yes you do have to have a VCR. You also need to make sure the software you buy is XP and Win 7 compatible. Does not work with Win 8 or Vista.
Yes, it will copy anything. All you do is connect the box to the output of your VHS or DVD player, then press play, and press record on the computer.
Sorry, no it can't. Last version you can use it with is WinXP
You can create multiple calendars on one computer but they do not sync and you can not have more than one calendar open at a time. This is not a mms enterprise software package.
Yes it will or one per day.
Don 't know. Works great on window 7.
I do not know if works on Windows 8 because I have loaded on Windows 7.
It works as well on 8 as it does on 7 and before! It is a great program!
I got Version 8 because it was cheaper. Works fine for me. I am beginning screenwriting so this version is what I am starting with. Hope this helps.
Hi, go to writersstore.com. They have a video demo; it really helped me.
I am sorry, I don't have an answer to your question. My suggestion is to contact Final Draft at this address - http://www.finaldraft.com/ and see why it won't open for you. Good luck!!
It is my understanding that one must deactivate the program on a computer before activating it on another, but that was how it worked for me when my old computer died and I needed to install on a new laptop. I suggest calling their sales dept. for the best answer. 1-888-320-7555 for US/Canada
I've only used Final Draft, but I can't imagine it being any better. It's an excellent program.
Apparently it does. At least that's what Final Draft support says: http://support.finaldraft.com/article.aspx?cid=1001
works fine with windows 7
I got Version 8 because it was cheaper. Works fine for me. I am beginning screenwriting so this version is what I am starting with. Hope this helps.
Hi, go to writersstore.com. They have a video demo; it really helped me.
I am sorry, I don't have an answer to your question. My suggestion is to contact Final Draft at this address - http://www.finaldraft.com/ and see why it won't open for you. Good luck!!
It is my understanding that one must deactivate the program on a computer before activating it on another, but that was how it worked for me when my old computer died and I needed to install on a new laptop. I suggest calling their sales dept. for the best answer. 1-888-320-7555 for US/Canada
I've only used Final Draft, but I can't imagine it being any better. It's an excellent program.
Apparently it does. At least that's what Final Draft support says: http://support.finaldraft.com/article.aspx?cid=1001
works fine with windows 7
I got Version 8 because it was cheaper. Works fine for me. I am beginning screenwriting so this version is what I am starting with. Hope this helps.
Hi, go to writersstore.com. They have a video demo; it really helped me.
I am sorry, I don't have an answer to your question. My suggestion is to contact Final Draft at this address - http://www.finaldraft.com/ and see why it won't open for you. Good luck!!
It is my understanding that one must deactivate the program on a computer before activating it on another, but that was how it worked for me when my old computer died and I needed to install on a new laptop. I suggest calling their sales dept. for the best answer. 1-888-320-7555 for US/Canada
I've only used Final Draft, but I can't imagine it being any better. It's an excellent program.
Apparently it does. At least that's what Final Draft support says: http://support.finaldraft.com/article.aspx?cid=1001
works fine with windows 7
I got Version 8 because it was cheaper. Works fine for me. I am beginning screenwriting so this version is what I am starting with. Hope this helps.
Hi, go to writersstore.com. They have a video demo; it really helped me.
I am sorry, I don't have an answer to your question. My suggestion is to contact Final Draft at this address - http://www.finaldraft.com/ and see why it won't open for you. Good luck!!
It is my understanding that one must deactivate the program on a computer before activating it on another, but that was how it worked for me when my old computer died and I needed to install on a new laptop. I suggest calling their sales dept. for the best answer. 1-888-320-7555 for US/Canada
I've only used Final Draft, but I can't imagine it being any better. It's an excellent program.
Apparently it does. At least that's what Final Draft support says: http://support.finaldraft.com/article.aspx?cid=1001
works fine with windows 7
I have the same question.
Yes and yes as long as you can play the tape on your player (VCR, camcorder, DVD player, Tivo, and so on). It's not media or cassette type that is important. As this product comes with a digitizer, you can capture almost everything that has video output via RCA (yellow, red, & white) or S-video. Some camcorders only have RCA with yellow (video) and white (sound), which should work as well. I tried capturing PS3 game playing as video on this product, and it worked wonderfully.
found this description from a website about PLUS, then they added something about the DELUXE at the bottom: VHS to DVD? 4.0 Plus is an all-in-one solution for video conversion, providing the novice user with an easy wizard mode, while giving the advanced user creative options to edit unwanted scenes and add transition effects. VHS to DVD 4.0 is the market leader in video conversion, having sold 200,000 units since 2005. VHS to DVD 4.0 Plus provides everything you need to easily transfer your video into VCD, SVCD, and DVD movies with just a few clicks. VHS to DVD? Plus 4.0 includes a USB 2.0 video capture device and software to convert analog video to digital, or reformat digital video for recording on DVDs. PC users can either use the capture device interface or connect their digital video cameras and players to their PC to store the video. The VHS to DVD Deluxe 4.0 software formats the video for DVD players and recording devices. It also supports converting HDTV quality video formats including: HDV, VHS, C-VHS, Beta and other video and audio formats to DVD and Blu-ray DVD.
I am interested ib knowing if it is compatiable with windows 7 too
I think everything must go thru their "box"and computer.
Yes, it will work with both 32-bit & 64-bit OS. However, you may need to download the latest device driver from their website (http://honestech.com/main/SoftwareUpdates.asp).
It includes USB cable for the device but RCA or video cable is not included because you can use RCA already hooked on your VCR, camcorder, or DVD player.
Yes, you can record the analog video in digital format such as MPEG and save it on your external drive. Then you can watch it on your computer or burn to DVD later.
Hmmm! You may want to contact the tech support before returning it. I know AV or security software may alter software installation and create problem of running software properly. You may want to uninstall and reinstall while A/V or internet security software is off.
Yes
I dont know. I have not tried a store bought movie yet. I wont do anymore until i figure out how to burn the dvd so that it will play on regular dvd player on the tv. So far its just on the Mac it will play.
Not sure. I used it with Mac OS X Version 10.9.5 with no problems.
The correct is: Roxio Easy VHS to DVD for Mac. Create DVD from VHS, Hi8 and Video8 tapes
Not sure about that I was running Mountain Lion. The issue i was having was the syncing of the audio and video.
I can't say for sure, but it should work. No problem with 10.6.8 & the handicam should do fine, particularly if you have an s-video port.
Yes, absolutely. I'm doing it as I write you.
YES
It is my understanding the Roxio Easy VHS to DVD for Mac will work with any analog source. My submitted issue with Roxio is that the product no longer provides the software needed to make DVDs after the conversion from analog to digital. (as advertised on web site and box)
No its not. It doesn't capture any audio in Yosemite. I asked Roxio customer support when an update would be released to support Yosemite and they said they weren't sure it ever would support Yosemite. I returned it, bought the Elgato device and it's working perfectly.
Yes
I dont know. I have not tried a store bought movie yet. I wont do anymore until i figure out how to burn the dvd so that it will play on regular dvd player on the tv. So far its just on the Mac it will play.
Not sure. I used it with Mac OS X Version 10.9.5 with no problems.
The correct is: Roxio Easy VHS to DVD for Mac. Create DVD from VHS, Hi8 and Video8 tapes
Not sure about that I was running Mountain Lion. The issue i was having was the syncing of the audio and video.
I can't say for sure, but it should work. No problem with 10.6.8 & the handicam should do fine, particularly if you have an s-video port.
Yes, absolutely. I'm doing it as I write you.
YES
It is my understanding the Roxio Easy VHS to DVD for Mac will work with any analog source. My submitted issue with Roxio is that the product no longer provides the software needed to make DVDs after the conversion from analog to digital. (as advertised on web site and box)
No its not. It doesn't capture any audio in Yosemite. I asked Roxio customer support when an update would be released to support Yosemite and they said they weren't sure it ever would support Yosemite. I returned it, bought the Elgato device and it's working perfectly.
Yes, the North America version of nuMaps that I have includes Canada.
if you are in the UK you will need to update your UK version.
The product I purchased was on an SD Card (or mini) so I was able to insert it into the SD slot on my Nuvi. If your unit has the UK maps installed on the internal memory I think you could use it and then disable the UK maps on the tools screen.
No, only US and Canada
That is the reason I dropped VIPRE some years ago. Now I use Microsoft's Defender and it is great and free.
After you install and register it will download update/upgrade to 2014. It is good for only 1 year and up to 10 pcs if you get the " unlimited" license option. I am having problems removing it from old pcs to put on new ones. Already hit 10 and had it on old pcs that are now gone.
Good Evening David, After you install vipre, you have to do a DEEP scan to detect the viruses that you have on your pc/laptop. After you let the deep scan run on your pc/laptop, it will tell you or give you a choice to delete or quarantine it. But you should delete the virus. Let me know how it works out. Thank you and have a wonderful holiday season.
I don't know, but am responding to you to let you know Vipre is not reliable. Its customer service is flaky. A tech said it simply blocks any exe. file as malware. I can tell you they bragged that they would not allow iYogi, a company I had a service contract with, onto my computer. When I asked how to accomplish that, they said 'just allow all dangerous applications.' And they blocked Mozilla Firefox as an untrusted site, and would not attend to that unless I submitted a separate ticket on it. They are lunatics, as far as my very brief encounter with them goes.
When I first loaded Vipre, it was my understanding it was an indiv. machine license, so I loaded it on only one of my machines to see whether I wanted to put it on my other computer. However, it's been a while since I left Vipre for more controllable virus protection. Therefore, I don't know the present ability to get multi family licenses.
By buying another brand. Vipre blocks .exe indiscriminately. Vipre bragged to me that it would block iYogi, my remote computer service company, because 'They're a scam.' I asked how I could access them. 'Don't block dangerous sites.' Said I: You mean I have to expose myself to dangerous sites if I want to have my computer worked on?' Answer 'Only if you visit any of them.' Viipre blocked Mozilla, for God's sake, and told me 'put that on another ticket, we're only considering iYogi and Open Office on this one. Yeah, they blocked word processing. There were some more shenanigans, but I don't remember them. That's enough. They did not refund my money, so I charaged it back ... and discovered the $29 product I bought was charged at $49. "I don't know what they're smoking over there at Vipre," I wrote to them in an email that I thought my secretary was sending to the bank. It was hilarious when you told the twists and turns to the story. Yes, they gave me my money back. A computer tech told me about the exe thing. I am content with Avast. Its high level product cleans up emails so you don't get infected from attachments, even. I didn't buy that one. But it's there, you know?
I seriously doubt it. Kindle has a totally different operating system than a PC.
Change your options to dealing with low threats. It seems your options are not set to remove them. It sees them then leaves them alone. If you wish set to options to clean as remove.
I bought mine from Vipre directly, but I am guessing that the procedure might be the same. I had to go to the Vipre website and download a free trial version and then input the security code to upgrade to the paid status.
Hello Dave, I am not sure what you mean. I am guessing you mean the products which mention "lifetime" If you read further, they mention lifetime for the PC the software is installed. New PC; no longer valid......
That is the reason I dropped VIPRE some years ago. Now I use Microsoft's Defender and it is great and free.
After you install and register it will download update/upgrade to 2014. It is good for only 1 year and up to 10 pcs if you get the " unlimited" license option. I am having problems removing it from old pcs to put on new ones. Already hit 10 and had it on old pcs that are now gone.
Good Evening David, After you install vipre, you have to do a DEEP scan to detect the viruses that you have on your pc/laptop. After you let the deep scan run on your pc/laptop, it will tell you or give you a choice to delete or quarantine it. But you should delete the virus. Let me know how it works out. Thank you and have a wonderful holiday season.
I don't know, but am responding to you to let you know Vipre is not reliable. Its customer service is flaky. A tech said it simply blocks any exe. file as malware. I can tell you they bragged that they would not allow iYogi, a company I had a service contract with, onto my computer. When I asked how to accomplish that, they said 'just allow all dangerous applications.' And they blocked Mozilla Firefox as an untrusted site, and would not attend to that unless I submitted a separate ticket on it. They are lunatics, as far as my very brief encounter with them goes.
When I first loaded Vipre, it was my understanding it was an indiv. machine license, so I loaded it on only one of my machines to see whether I wanted to put it on my other computer. However, it's been a while since I left Vipre for more controllable virus protection. Therefore, I don't know the present ability to get multi family licenses.
By buying another brand. Vipre blocks .exe indiscriminately. Vipre bragged to me that it would block iYogi, my remote computer service company, because 'They're a scam.' I asked how I could access them. 'Don't block dangerous sites.' Said I: You mean I have to expose myself to dangerous sites if I want to have my computer worked on?' Answer 'Only if you visit any of them.' Viipre blocked Mozilla, for God's sake, and told me 'put that on another ticket, we're only considering iYogi and Open Office on this one. Yeah, they blocked word processing. There were some more shenanigans, but I don't remember them. That's enough. They did not refund my money, so I charaged it back ... and discovered the $29 product I bought was charged at $49. "I don't know what they're smoking over there at Vipre," I wrote to them in an email that I thought my secretary was sending to the bank. It was hilarious when you told the twists and turns to the story. Yes, they gave me my money back. A computer tech told me about the exe thing. I am content with Avast. Its high level product cleans up emails so you don't get infected from attachments, even. I didn't buy that one. But it's there, you know?
I seriously doubt it. Kindle has a totally different operating system than a PC.
Change your options to dealing with low threats. It seems your options are not set to remove them. It sees them then leaves them alone. If you wish set to options to clean as remove.
I bought mine from Vipre directly, but I am guessing that the procedure might be the same. I had to go to the Vipre website and download a free trial version and then input the security code to upgrade to the paid status.
Hello Dave, I am not sure what you mean. I am guessing you mean the products which mention "lifetime" If you read further, they mention lifetime for the PC the software is installed. New PC; no longer valid......
Each of the items scanned are saved in the system as PDF files, so you always have access to the files. The idea behind Rack-2-Filer is that you have an organization for your scanned items. First, you create up to 3 different "libraries", such as Business, Personal, and Other, for example. You, then, create a digital "notebook" in one of the libraries. I think each library is limited to something like 1,000 notebooks. Then, you create "tabs" inside your notebooks, like you would put tabs in a notebook you'd use for school. Then, you open a tab and scan things under that tab as pages (either one-sided or two-sided). Each notebook can have up to 1,000 pages each. But, if you scan in 5 pages, then 3 pages, then a 1 page document, it saves each "scan" session as a separate PDF. So, if you want everything in one huge PDF file, you have to only start one continuous scan. Each new scan "session" is considered a new PDF. But when you review your documents under the tabs, you don't get the sense of where one PDF file ends and the next one begins -- you can only see that under Windows Explorer when you view the PDF files under the file structure. So, if you scan everything in 1 by 1, you could have 1,000 PDFs. If you scan one long, continuous scan, you only have 1 PDF, but both would look the same when you review them in a notebook. Hope that helps. If you have more questions, you can contact me at dennis.wiedeman@gmail.com
Yes it is true unless you kept a back up that you could fall back on. Once you delete and confirm the deletion it is gone. Sorry to here the bad news.
the visual is a nice pluss, and its for me easier to flip through the pages when I am looking for a certain item. for a windows wiz the windows folders may work nicely if you tag your scanned items with time and date in the folder name.
According to the help file 2115 folders of 1000 pages can be maintined: The data storage areas of the "Libraries", "Cabinets" and "Binders" are called "LibRoot" (Library Root). LibRoot folders can be set to any folder. * You can set up to 3 LibRoot folders. * In one LibRoot folder, you can create up to 6 libraries. * In one library, you can create up to 20 cabinets. * In one cabinet, you can create up to 21 binders. In total, up to 2,520 (6 x 20 x 21) binders can be managed per LibRoot folder in Rack2-Filer. Up to 1,000 pages can be managed in a "Binder".
No
I do.
Sorry that I can't help you. I am very happy with my Scan Snap S1500 and the new software that I downloaded when I changed my PC from XP to Windows 7. I gave up on Rack 2 Filer within a few months of purchasing it. The quality of the charaters in the displayed text was very bad. I tried to find some technical support on the Internet but couldn't find anything. I guess that Fujitsu knew that they had a bad product and decided to hide. I suggest that you give up on it and just use the SnapScan.
Quicken to QuickBooks. Check this youtube tutorial. https://youtu.be/sWdpT0kCGsg . Then QuickBooks to Peachtree is possible.
YES- most definitely you can set up several companies. Purchase the year old version it is a real bargain.
yes off course only we need to register it online in the beginning with the key mentioned on the product and after that its ok
I am running it on Windows 7 with no problems, but haven't upgraded to 8 yet. Wish I could be of assistance
No
No
No
I don't believe so.
I really don't know if there is a downloadable version. I have it as a stand alone program on my desktop so no worry about which browser.
Yes, that 'a what I 'm using it on
I purchased it and it flat out didn't work. I don't know if they are still doing support for this product or what ended up happening. But when I was using the product for another company, as soon as our contract was up we conveniently started having issues. So use with caution. We moved on to trying quick books online. Good luck.
I dont know
Do not purchase PTA from this vendor, My 99 dollar purchase came with a thirty day time limit. Just the name inplies, it does take a Pro to operate the system.
I don't know. I don't use it. I have windows 8.
yes, it was compatible with xp
You can, but I am not formilar enough with the program to tell you how to do it
I sent it back !! That program doesn't even work anymore! I went to Roxio and bought their program Creator program . It meets my neads.
It has been a long time since I worked with it, but I do not recall that it needed the key or nos. .
Sadly, no.It was my go-to photo editor up to this point but not no more. I'd say I hope this helps, but I have to assume it disappoints. For what it's worth, I have found PhotoScape to be an alternative satisfactory enough to keep me going.
I don't know about Mac; I didn't think it worked on Windows 7 Professional, but with some tweaking if is sufficing. It is a great program and was WONDERFUL on XP.
I add them to e-mails without a problem. Or...put the picture from MGI into the point where you store pictures (My Pictures on AOL) and then just click on copy and insert the picture within the e-mail, or in any text.
I've been using PhotoSuite 4 since it came out ... was it 18 years ago? Used it for 8 years in a professional photography plant to doctor bad photos. It's fast and easy. I only used Adobe for fine sharpening and more accurate resolution changes and cropping. And I just used it on my new Windows Home Premium 7 Acer netbook. Works just like it always did. Next I'll try it on Windows 8.1.
I can't say, I don't use a Mac. Ii dug out mine, and the sleeve only lists Windows operating systems.But, as my review says, based on my experience, it's a poor version of the program. I've used an old version for years, and love it. But I couldn't get this one to install. I tried it on two Windows 7 computers, and two XP computers. That problem may be unique to my disc, but it may not.
Sorry I can't help. I run windows 7. and it works on it.
not this product. You can use your router to achieve this goal.
as many as you like but you have to use the installation key in every one you install this on , and its a great way to see whats going on on your computers
No, I had the same problem! Don't buy it....
I can only say it works with Windows 7. It is a wonderful program and I really enjoy using. It is worth every penny you going to pay for it.
Hello-- to answer your question, no I don't believe they will know its there but likely you will not either, as in it didn't seem to work for me... I would not purchase it unless you are really tech savvy and know how to set it up to the highest setting. I suppose for myself I could have fiddled with it more, but I just went to Geek Squad and had what they recommended installed, that way I could get my questions answered. HTH
I'd say yes but I wouldn't recommend the product.
Sorry, I have no experience with R-Studio. The problem I mentioned in my review I found DataRescue worked beautifully. It may depend on the problem you are trying to solve. If your IT friends have found R-Studio helpful maybe they can coach you through your specific data recovery problem. Best, Richard
Serene, I don't know. It worked well for me under XP. Richard
Yes, this is version 3.2 (the most current version) and comes directly from Prosoft.
Its a perpetual License, "forever" or at least as long as the Company is in business. You have the option of copying the Software to your system as well. Hope this helps.. JEV in Orlando
Please forgive me but this question is confusing to me? I am not offering either, I purchased the 3.0 and rated it but am not selling either?
Password protected files can be pulled. encrypted files may be different and I was not able to to determine this.
Have not used it for some time, but it worked on my external drive.
Based on my knowledge and experience with the Data Rescue PC v3.0 software to recover data and information from a similar hard disk drive situation I believe your drive can be recovered if the information has not been written over.
I used the rescue software before resetting the computer. I believe resetting the computer erased all the files.
I am sorry but I do not know. I bought it to recover a picture that was stored on a computer but got wiped away accidently.....good luck though
Just like you, I was totally confused. Enter the Product Serial # that is on the CD sleeve as the license number! Unfortunately, this information is not clear except for in the pamphlet included with the software.
Smith Micro usually has Pixelmator on sale. If you get their special e-mails it runs from 34.99-39.99 usually. I guess Amazon just has the hook-up so it is cheaper through them.
Not user friendly at all. Very hard to use and figure out.
Yup, that's what I'm running, ver. 10.6.8... on a duel core iMac. Hope that helps.
Sorry, don't know the answer to that. Perhaps the Apple tech folks could help you.
Not sure why you hated the version 3.0, but can tell you one thing I use it a lot and I like version 3.0 much more than this.
What version is this?
I don't have Pixelmator YET but am going to purchase it in the short term future. IPhoto does a great job of fixing red-eye. Just open your photo, select edit in the lower left of the screen & a red eye option comes up. You can either let IPhoto auto fix the red eye or you can manually fix it yourself. I think it works great!
It looks like the Deluxe and Platinum versions come with a DVD that has digital copies of genealogy reference books while the Essentials version does not. The Deluxe has 10 books and the Platinum has 15. I am not sure if these are worth the upgrade or if they are available for free online anyway. Anyone know?
FTM 2010 is, in my opinion, the best out there and I have been working on genealogy since 2000. Use the help functions, the on-line tutorials and go take a class on this software at you local history or genalogy center. I strongly urge a beginner to go take a basic genealogy class to get you started.
I asked that question myself, here's the answer I received "We appreciate your message. Family Tree Maker 2010 is compatible with and supported for use on both 32 and 64 bit versions of Windows 7. If there is anything else with which we might assist you, please let us know. Jen Member Solutions Ancestry.com http://ancestry.custhelp.com/"
I have FTM version 6. I am planning on buying FTM 2011. I believe you have to back up your family file to a floppy disk and then import all the information when you have your new FTM software installed. At least I hope things go this smoothly. I've noticed that FTM is no longer made by Broderbund but a different company. I hope this doesn't cause a problem.
If I understand your question, yes, and I am sure it was in my 2008 version, too. FTM 2010 is far superior to 2008. I suggest upgrading to the Essentials version. If I understand what you mean, in 2010 you go to the Publish tab, select Relationship Reports, and then OUtline Descendant Report. Presto...you are done.
The biggest advantage for me with Family Tree Maker is being able to print out reports (ancestor based, descendant charts etc. that include siblings) to hold in my hand and look over while searching files on ancestry.com. You can print reports and books from ancestry but they cost you big time, which may be fine when you are all finished but not until then.
I saw the following statement in someone else's review of FTM 10. Hope it helps. "Do note that when you sign up for your "free" month with this software, you will be required to enter billing information and they will start stealth charging you when the free month is up - so watch for that. "
No, go to the FTM website and you will see that it is not listed for MAC.
Sharon, i'm planning to switch from FTM 6.0 to 2010. How has your transition been? Thanks
I don't know where you got this idea. Once the program is loaded and opened, anyone sitting at the keyboard can enter info.
Short answer: yes. Long answer would take more time than I have to answer, but here are the highlights (some derivations throughout a few of these) - photographic, creative, grunge, soft, surreal, enhanced, smooth, monochrome.
Yes it does, I own that camera too.
Yes it is all day long but if l were you l would get the new version of Photomatix Pro 5 it also will work fine in widows 8 , welcome to HDR with the help of Amazon.com They are the best :) Hunter
Go here: http://photomatix.com/download.html You will need the license code from Photomatix Pro 4.
I am not really familiar with version 4 but I can tell you that between Photomatix 5 and Photomatix Pro 5, about the only real difference is that pro allows you to work in batch. Each of the two can be run in either 32 bit or 64 bit. Each allow the user to make a quick photo-style selection (default, balanced, photographic, smooth ... etc) then manipulate manually from there to suit your taste. The results for the most part are generally pleasing. More recently I have added Pro Photo Editor and find that it is as easy to use but has a LOT more bells and whistles for even more pleasing results. Between that and Elements 11, There is little that can't be done to enhance a photo to exactly the shot you were looking for and are proud to publish.
You can use either jpeg, raw or tiff as long as they are bracketed images
Since I don't have Windows 8, you might want to check with their site for that info. But, it does not have a RAW converter, when I visited there last. The program takes the standard files from images. You can always find even free software to adjust and convert RAW files to use in this program to even better define your art.
yes it does
Yes
No. It does not require an earlier version.
No. ot dpesn't work on Windows 8 don't waste your money.
This worked on my windows 7 computer
i emailed the manufacturer...they said only the 5th edition will work with windows 7. everyone else on amazon seems to state it is not working right...i wish i knew b/c i have windows seven and would love to have this game!
I think this was made for Win Xp, because it will not work on Win Vista
Mine didn't work AT ALL. Not on my PC. Not on my Mac.
It didn't work for us.
No! Don't waste your money.
Yes, you can. However, I am very adept at computers(advanced user) and installing and uninstalling software and/or programs. If you wipe/uninstall you current copy of Windows, whatever the version, it will wipe your entire operating system. Taking with it the Asustek's(Asus) software and drivers for that particular model of laptop's drivers for the hardware found inside it. But, when I installed a new SSD(Solid State Drive) in my Asus G73Jh I installed a new copy of Windows 7 HP(Home Premium), which did NOT of course come with the unique drivers and/or software that comes with a particular brand's and model of laptop/desktop. So, you will have to visit Asus's official website(support) and download the individual drivers for the unique hardware found in your computer. Otherwise, many of the computers unique features that it may have will not function properly or at all. Visit this site: http://www.asus.com/support You can look up your specific model's drivers here. Good luck! Jeff
7 Home Premium is a 32 and 64 bit package, (2 discs). It is for the do it yourself person that builds their own. It can be transferred to another computer limited times. Example: I had one that was used every day, 3 years, finally became unusable. The next I built and used the OS from the latter. OEM: These are what retailers and builders use in their products, and add other software to it. They also have to provide support for the systems, example Dell. The OEM is "married" to the computer it is installed in, used only for that system and will not be genuine in any other. If it is installed in any other, Microsoft will not support it. IE. no up dates , nothing. You are also supposed to have a builders certificate to purchase this. Why this package is available to the public I do not know, with the restrictions it has. The price as you can see is taller for the full version.
Not at the same time. You can install it on as many as you want ONLY upon contacting Microsoft and having them reset the key. This is because the key is locked to the motherboard. This is different from the OEM version which can NOT be reset even by contacting Microsoft. Let me clarify. The OEM version is permanently locked to the motherboard or pc it was installed on and cannot ever be installed on another computer. The normal and more expensive version (the one I purchased) CAN be installed only on ONE computer at a time. In order to install it on a second, or third, or etc. it wil have to be removed from te previous computers and you will then have to call Microsoft and tell them you are going to install it on a new PC. They will at that time RESET you key so it can be installed on another PC.
To the best of my knowledge, if you buy a copy of windows 7 OEM, when you install it on a machine with the provided key, it is then "used", and your key is tied to that specific motherboard for good, and cannot be used on any other computer. When you buy the more expensive RETAIL version, the key is tied to the user, YOU can use it on as many computers as you want, but it can only be installed on ONE computer at a time with either 32 or 64bit. You cannot install one retail copy on two machines. If you want to replace your machine, you can remove/uninstall it from your old one and install it on a new machine. A virtual machine counts as a seperate machine, even if it is the same computer. You cannot install/clean install for an OEM key if the motherboard is different than the original one that the key was used on.
I am not very clever about computers. I'm 70. My daughter thought the full version was the way to go. I got Windows7 Home Premium and she installed it without any problems. This computer came with Vista back in 2007. Vista was fine but it gave up the ghost last fall. My husband got Windows8 (all they are selling at local computer stores) and installed it. Not easy to install and horrible to use. Three months was all I could take. Good luck.
Before you install a new OS, you always want to create or keep a Recovery Disk of your actual OS that came with your computer before you proceed to delete it just to be safe in case you want to recover it. And I also believe that before you install a new OS, you probably will have to do some kind of clean installation or some kind of reformatting or something like that. You may want to do some further research of how to delete an OS and install a new one the proper way. Hope it works.
First of all I am not positive, but this and from what I researched online Microsoft is trying to push windows 8.1 "just look at http://windows.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/buy". The second reason is the amount of windows 7 retail boxes are becoming rare. OEM is still cheaper but it has several disadvantages license-wise. -Answer update(1/29/2014): Microsoft stop selling to retailers full versions on October 30th 2013, See http://www.tomshardware.com/news/microsoft-windows-7-retailers-sales-deadline,25326.html -In general Microsoft will stop selling full versions of all mainstream OS software a year after a new version is released. So if windows 9 was released today windows 8 will stop being sold some time early 2015 OTHER WARNINGS!!!!! Look out windows 7 oem lisences are next to go Microsoft is planing on possible ending those to buts its "to be decided" -I might pick up some 3 packs of oem so that I can sell them after they become rare too. If I have the money. Even though OEM is not as good as Full in terms of flexibility.
Got a bad news for you sir. You can run dual OS in one computer but you have to have your window xp and window 7 disc. You first need to install window xp and in the partition section, make it half of you hdd(non partition part not included). Then run window 7 and partition the remaining space ledt on your hdd. You can you a virual machine to run XP stuff but virual machine is VERY low and it depends on if you CPU, RAM and HDD can handle it or not
I believe the directions state 2 or 3 times.
You can install this on any computer you want. But only one at a time.
Yes you can buy the Windows 7 Pro upgrade for XP Home. Please make sure and run the Window Upgrade Advisor though to make sure your system will be able to run it. This is because most pre-made XP Home computers are under-powered to make them cheaper. They may not have enough memory or an Aero compatible video card.
Here is the email Amazon sent me in regards to late shipping. From what I have read this should not apply to you because you did not choose Super Saver Shipping. Which makes me believe the email is just a smoke screen and something is screwed up... Amazon's story to me: I ordered early, choose super saver shipping, and because of where I live (San Diego CA?) they wont ship the product until five days after release even though the product page says in stock and shipping now. What's up now Amazon? ================================ Thank you for writing to us at Amazon.com. I truly understand your concern. First let me apologize for any inconvenience caused. Please allow me to explain what actually happened. I have researched your order(#############), and can confirm that we still expect to ship your order by the date listed in Your Account: October 26. The estimated date of shipment was calculated at the time you placed your order and is based on the availability of the items in your order, the proximity of inventory to the delivery address you provided and the shipping method you chose. Further, I see that the shipping method selected for this order is our free Super Saver Shipping option. We offer free Super Saver Shipping as an option for customers who don't mind waiting a little longer to receive their items in exchange for getting free shipping. When you select Super Saver Shipping during checkout, the final page of our order form displays the estimated date of shipment for your order. Although this is only an estimate--your items may ship sooner--if the date doesn't meet your needs, you can change the shipping speed before submitting your order. You'll find a link to the details of our Super Saver Shipping offer on the detail page of every eligible item. As noted in the offer details, "your order may take an additional 3 to 5 business days to ship out from our fulfillment center(s). Transit time for Super Saver Shipping orders is 5 to 9 business days after shipping." This delay can occur at various steps of the fulfillment process; the extra time allows us to process and ship your order in the most cost-efficient way available, and enables us to pass the savings, in the form of free shipping, on to you. Due to this reason, we encourage our customers to review the last page of the Shopping Cart order form before submitting an order. This page displays the estimated date of shipment and indicates how many shipments will be created for the specific order. If the shipping date and number of shipments is unacceptable, you can change the shipping speed or delete any items that would take too long to reach you.
I'm waiting for Microsoft to update their store: http://store.microsoft.com/microsoft/Windows-7/category/102?WT.mc_id=winonline_win7promo If I don't see mentions for separate versions, my guess is that both are included on the upgrade media. That said, there's a tiny chance that the upgrade is 32 bit only, but I really hope that is not the case. EDIT: According to http://www.staples.ca/ENG/static/static_pages.asp?pagename=win7 , "Product includes both the 32-bit and 64-bit versions of Windows 7."
It's your processor. Hardware virtualization is usually not supported in older processors. Even if your processor would support hardware virtualization, there also needs to be BIOS support for it. Examples of processors that support it are the Core 2 Duo E8500 and the recent Core i3/i5/i7.
Don't know if this will help, but...I was still using 123 Release 5.0 on my Dell laptop running Windows XP, it worked fine. A few months ago, I bought a Dell XPS running Windows 7. I don't have the discs for Lotus 5.0, so I copied all the Lotus files to the new machine (which is what I had been doing each time I upgraded my computer over the years), and tried to run 123, but it wouldn't work. I kept trying different options, but nothing worked. Then I purchase Windows 7 Ultimate, which lets you run Virtual Windows XP, but I still couldn't get 123 to run. Last week I purchased on Ebay a copy of Lotus 123 5.0 on 3.5" discs (!!!), and it was brand new in the box, which was pretty cool. About an hour ago, I decided to try and install it: popped Disc #1 (of 7) in and let the install program do it's thing. After it installed, I tried to open it in Virtual XP Mode, and amazingly !!! it worked just like it was supposed to. Don't know if this will help you or not - there are still quite a few people using 123 5.0 who have run into this problem - some have gotten it to work, others not. Good Luck! Bill Schroeder
Yes, this will work to Upgrade to Windows 7 Professional. Here are a couple of things to consider and make a decision on.., How old are the Hardware on your Computer and it's Capacity, such as the Memory, Hard Disk Drive Size, Free Space & Condition. With Windows 7 Professional 64 Bit it will make use of (4Gb Memory and Larger), Windows 7 Professional 32 Bit (Maximum Memory Usage is 4Gb). So, evaluate what you have, what you want the computer to do for you, what you can afford and if what you have now will last your through a reasonable life span. PC Clones are allot more flexible on hardware and cost, you just will not have the OEM Technical Support. If you are savy with computer hardware and software you can save money by assembling/ building your own computer. Good Luck
You CANNOT do a "clean" install with this upgrade disc - you have to load XP first, then load the Windows 7 upgrade. If you're looking for a clean install, buy the Windows 7 OEM version - it's now about the same price or cheaper and you won't spend all day with your tech support because the activation code won't work.
The box says for use on one computer or device.
You'll probably have to back up your XP stuff (pics and things of that sort) then do a clean install. That's what you have to do with the RC so one can only assume that the retail product will require the same.
All languages have been included with Windows for years as far as I know . The key is changing to your language and keyboard layout at the first screen. If you're upgrading, it should detect your regional settings and use them during the upgrade process. I've only ever used English, so I'm not speaking from experience.
Can't you just click on the folder before the one you are on in the address bar? For example you are in your program files folder... in the explorer/address bar ti will show: My computer --&gt; Drive C --&gt; Program Files. If you just click on Drive C, or My Computer, it will put you at the next highest level of the file structure! Don't know if that's what you're looking for, but that's what I got out of your question! -b3orion
If the version of Windows is an upgrade version, the box will read "Upgrade" at the upper left corner. If the box does not read "Upgrade" and you received an upgrade DVD (or MSDN activation key), the software you purchased is a counterfeit. Before you open up your package, it will be advisable to check the Microsoft Website for the genuine features on the COA. The COA is ***never*** sloppily made. The silver line is visible by two rectangular shaped openings (counterfeit products usually have portholes, ovals, or irregular shaped openings). I hope this helps.
Mine was a DVD
Yes. http://windows.microsoft.com/en-US/windows7/Activating-Windows-frequently-asked-questions
The one I purchased came with a group license that expired shortly after installing. I don't believe this product will solve your issue.
IF it was supplied by Microsoft, yes. If supplied by ProducedByAli, it might be suspect even if it is in the sealed box. Hope this helps.
Be careful, the one I bought had code that only worked for a few weeks, they wouldn't give me a valid key after purchase either. The price does not guarentee it comes with a activation key, you may have to purchase that from microsoft later.
I'm not sure about multiple that you're talking about. I bought the item physically with 2 CD's (64-bit & 32-bit). Maybe you can install it in 2 PCs, but for sure that one would be considered as a pirated.
I have not seen any games that I own that does not work with Windows 7. Even some really old ones.
I am seeing TONS of "just launched" new sellers selling windows for a very low price. I wouldn't trust them! They have no track record. It looks VERY suspicious. They're probably selling some kind of pirated copy. Bunch of losers.
I like 7, I have 8 on a laptop but since I do not have a touch screen on my desktop 7 is very stable and gives me NO PROBLEMS. 8 is the same but I have the touch screen, but it sure does take a little time to get used to 8.
My preference is fo OEM over upgrade but back up your data first of course. Can't guarantee everything (sw/hw) will work going from 32 to 64 bit but there are usually workarounds.
For some reason Windows 7 would rather upgrade from Vista to 7. If you try a clean install 7 will ask for Vista disk, load some of it and move on back to 7. Why, I really don't know BUT the Vista to 7 upgrade went fantastic and I have had no problems.
I believe this upgrade is a single user license (it says so on my box) but you should check with Microsoft.
from my understanding of the numbering process, in one word, the answer is NO..........if you upgraded your Vista to Windows 7, then the number attached to Vista is now invalid and can not be made valid again
An upgrade keeps other programs installed on the computer intact with no need to locate installation disks for those programs so in my opinion an upgrade is the preferred way to go. I am not sure if the upgrade must be from ultimate to ultimate version. My upgrade was from vista ultimate to windows 7 ultimate which was problem free.
I am running Windows 7 Ultimate 32 bit beta version. It is so much nicer that Vista. I upgraded originally from XP Pro to Vista Business. Am I eligible for the upgrade for Windows 7 Ultimate 32 bit? (since my vista business is an upgrade) and i don't want to re do my computer again. I just put the beta version on, will there be a way to just put in the cd key? Thanks
The reason there is no pre-order for the Ultimate Upgrade is because it is a limited edition SKU. Microsoft stated that Windows 7 Ultimate would be sold in limited availability.
It will upgrade from Windows 7 Pro
Hi, you may be looking at an OEM version or a counterfeit version, which is very likely with an unusually low price like that.
Is this version 64 Bit?
I don't believe you can install a single license on more than 1 computer. Once you activate it, it will keep track of your system, including hardware, to determine if you're trying to install it on another computer. That's probably why it wouldn't allow you to activate the second laptop. If you reformat the laptop you already installed it on, you should still be able to use the product key to reinstall it. Under XP, I had a full, non-upgrade license that I installed and reinstalled countless times on my custom PC. After upgrading the hardware on my PC several times, it wouldn't let me activate it over the Internet and I had to phone them. I imagine Windows 7 will be somewhat similar but won't know for sure until some time passes and people attempt their reinstalls. It's too bad you didn't know ahead of time, but a Microsoft Windows 7 Home Premium Upgrade Family Pack (3-User) is probably what you should have purchased.
I selected standard free shipping, so the estimated shipping date is shown as October 26. Now I pre-ordered back in July, so they've known about my order for over three months. And yet their plan is to wait 4 days after the product is released (and probably about 7 days after they actually get the product) to ship it to me. Why the wait? Simple. To punish me for not paying extra for release date shipping. I don't have a problem with using the slowest/cheapest method of shipping, since that's all I was willing to pay for. But waiting to ship just because I didn't pay extra is just abusive.
The $50 thing was a special limited time offer. $120 is the actual price of the upgrade. Snooze you lose!
Upgraded my XP without any problems, with win 7.
I upgraded from Windows XP. It backs up everything, installs windows 7,and then reloads everything back in. I am also going to do it to a windows Vista machine. I bought a brand new upgrade version of Windows 7 off of Ebay from a company in the UK and it only cost me 154.00 American dollars. That included shipping. My first copy I bought off of Amazon and it cost 210.00 dollars. Do some research and you might be able to save some money. The upgrade version does all the hard work for you, the factory version does a clean install and won't back up anything first. Hope this info helps and good luck.
What happens if I buy and install this, but later I upgrade my PC? Will it not let me install it again because it thinks it's a different computer?
Legally just one.
Well, back in 2009 if you bought a Windows Vista PC starting from late June you could get a free Windows 7 upgrade, so probably in this case they will do the same from Windows 7 to 8 but in your case you won't qualify since you need to buy a new PC.
Yes, that is what I used to upgrade from Vista to Windows 7.
Each version of Windows 7 comes with BOTH the 32 and 64-bit discs. They're on seperate discs but your product key is interchangable (you cannot instal 1 machine with 32-bit and 1 with 64-bit however). I just got my copy of 7 Professional through the MSDNAA and I have to tell you: BEST OS from Microsoft yet!
Mine was retail. You will have to make sure that you do contact Microsoft if & when you want to move it to another computer. My license is for only "1" computer. I do have an OEM copy that has not been opened or used that is designed for system builders that I will sell for $150.00 & you pay shipping. Did I give you enough?
Hi, I believe you are referring to the OEM versions marked as SP1? OEM versions are not equivalent to retail versions as they do not come with transfer rights; you may not move your installation to a new computer. Also, most of the Win 7 items on this listing will be SP1 as both SP1 and non-SP1 Windows 7 retail are the same part number. Hope this helps!
This is what you want. I used this dor my last gaming rig. It came with both 32 and 64 bit as well as the key.
OEM versions of Windows 7 are identical to Retail versions except for the following, and very important information. 1- OEM versions do not offer any free Microsoft direct support from Microsoft support personnel 2- OEM licenses are tied to the very first computer you install and activate it on. You cannot reuse your license code to reinstall on a new machine, and since you don't get free support, to attepmt to get Microsoft to release your license will cost you a support fee. 3- OEM versions will not allow you upgrade your motherboard, which could be a draw back. 4- OEM versions cannot be used to upgrade from an older version on Windows. Basically, the retail version will give you the ability to continue using the OS and license when you upgrade to a new machine, or hardware.
Yes. Also known as the Full version. 32-bit and 64-bit CDs are included.
Microsoft Works is an abbreviated version of Microsoft Office. Therefore Works will save you some money. Microsoft Office is the gold standard and can be pricey. If you are a student, you may be able to purchase Microsoft Office through your school at a deep discount. Alternately, the trend is toward cloud-based subscription services that you subscribe to; not unlike your virus protection software. Windows 7 is an operating system that must first be in-place before you attempt to use word processing, spreadsheet software, databases etc. Think of it as your software foundation.
You have only a single seat license. You can install in multiple machines but have 30 days to purchase the additional online seat, unless uninstalled from previous machine. Home version was available for three seats.
Yes. See this article for FAQ's and such for installing Windows 7 on Bootcamp--&gt; http://support.apple.com/kb/ht3986
I had the exact same problem when I purchased the product by mail through Amazon! I sent the manufacturer an email directly stating the problem and my frustrations. They sent me a product code with a link to download an updated version of the product. It worked just fine after that. However, it was somewhat difficult to navigate through the settings on their website to do it. As long as you can provide something that shows you purchased the product, the manufacturer will provide you assistance. (If you purchased it through Amazon, it will be on record anyway.) It's a pretty good product overall though as a supplemental learning tool for Spanish! Best wishes! -Charlie
I do not think there are any Ipad or android apps for the popular Verbarrator software. You can contact LSLC and ask them tho, they have been pretty responsive to me in the past.
Good question! I THINK the answer is "yes." Before purchasing you may wish to ask Patrick Jackson who runs "Learning Spanish Like Crazy": patrick_jackson@learninglikecrazy.com - - - Good luck!
I could onlly use this version by inserting the disk and I didn't see any animated screen savers I am using the creatacard Plat version on an oldcomputer that has windows me. This Gold version wouldn't configure on my windows vista. Hope that helps
No and that has caused us a great deal of pain. We had all of our addresses, anniversarys, etc on file. Tried a virtual machine thing but it would not transfer all the data We are still trying to work out a way If you have any ideas let us know irv8063@bellsouth.net
Please allow up to 48 hours to verify your details. Project Ink Crenshaw
I have been usimng it for a number of years with wndows7 - xp - and vista. It's agreat program.
I don't think so. I would love it if they made an app. for this.
I had the exact same problem when I purchased the product by mail through Amazon! I sent the manufacturer an email directly stating the problem and my frustrations. They sent me a product code with a link to download an updated version of the product. It worked just fine after that. However, it was somewhat difficult to navigate through the settings on their website to do it. As long as you can provide something that shows you purchased the product, the manufacturer will provide you assistance. (If you purchased it through Amazon, it will be on record anyway.) It's a pretty good product overall though as a supplemental learning tool for Spanish! Best wishes! -Charlie
I do not think there are any Ipad or android apps for the popular Verbarrator software. You can contact LSLC and ask them tho, they have been pretty responsive to me in the past.
Good question! I THINK the answer is "yes." Before purchasing you may wish to ask Patrick Jackson who runs "Learning Spanish Like Crazy": patrick_jackson@learninglikecrazy.com - - - Good luck!
When I first installed it on my Xp and on my Vista machines I had no problems. But incrementally, things got worse and worse. One XP machine got to where it took 10-15 minutes to re-boot. When I got Windows 7 I had to upgrade to 2010. Same thing. All of a sudden my machines got fast and that was my first clue Kaspersky was causing my problems. Then after a month all started running slower and slower. My XP machine even got blue screens and froze up. I removed it from every machine and installed Security Essentials. All machines have been running smooth and fast for 2 months now. So 2010 is worse than 2009. I HAD been using Kaspersky for 3 years without problems before this fiasco.
It can be used on up to three computers.
I just installed this and am running both. I don't see any Vista problems yet, though the sandboxed IE8 does run noticeably slower--though not horribly slower. I imagine if you took IE out of the sandbox, it would run just like any other browswer. I'm really too new to KIS 2010 to be of much help, but so far...we're doing pretty well.
Yes, it does.
cd is not necessary for updates etc just keep your keys in a handy place by managing your folders for your in box keep the keys there, cuz no matter if your puter pukes, you can go online to your email and get the key you need from your folder
3 licenses
Hi Sorry but I don't have ant 64 bit items.
There are 2 versions of ACT! The Pro version is for 1-10 users who do not need to sync. The Premium version is for 10+ workgroups or for those who need to work remotely and sync to a main network database.
There are several iPad sync add-on apps for ACT! Software. I wouldn't go older than ACT! 2008, but then you'll have to make sure your current operating system will work with that version. For syncing to iPad, I like Handheld Contact: www.handheldcontact.com/createaccount.php?ut=t&affiliate_id=305
Yes. http://kb.sagesoftwareonline.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/23023/~/understanding-sage-act!-compatibility-with-a-microsoft%E2%AE-64-bit-operating-system#s3
This product is EOL for Apple, meaning End of Life, naturally only the seller can guarantee that a product will work or not, however as long as the original serial card is included with the product you should be fine, you can also have the seller Call into Apple and they will transfer a license to you as well.
Yes this is the 7.0.3. I bought it in 2011. If you are just starting though you might want to get Final Cut X. It's a different platform that should help grow with your needs. That said, if you are trying to re-edit footage originally done in 7.0 then you will need this software since X will not accommodate anything from before. I hope this helps.
Yes Susan, depending on which version, this should be a full version for this release. I use FCP7 which includes Motion 4, Soundtrack Pro, and some other tools that will help you create movies. I have not felt the need yet to update to FCPX. Although price will make a big difference too. The newer versions are often cheaper. Good luck with which ever way you go.
Hi Robert, I am puzzled.. are you sure you care contacting the right person? I sold this copy of Final Cut Studio back in July of 2012 on eBay to a user named "atopet". I haven't sold on Amazon since 2010. Coincidentally, or not, I fired up this version Final Cut Studio just two days ago and I was asked to enter in a serial number that I am furiously trying to find myself. We have a weird situation here... can you explain how you got this copy of FCS? - Adam
I've always had to enter serial numbers even with physical disks.
I installed the same single license into my laptop and 27" imac with no problem. I havent tried it past two systems though.
That depends entirely on the seller and Apple, you can do some basic research into the (history of this software) used software is usually supported however in this case, the product is EOL, (end of life) it is not supported by Apple and development stopped on this version of the software, some time ago, (it still functions quite nicely, however just be aware that over time these types of products do degrade)
The compression software comes with it, which is nice!
If u buy the physical box, u cant get the key by email. You would need to purchase a digital copy of the software to get the key.
The one I received had everything and was the full version.
You can visit below site: http://phpbb.ulead.com.tw/EN//viewforum.php?f=1&sid=f69998226ee1a36bec309887e7013bd4
As long as they are one of the compatible formats this program accepts, yes. It won't capture off Youtube, so how you get the videos off there I don't know but once you have any non-copyright-embedded video on your computer that is in the correct formats, they can be combined at random, and edited. My version does have trouble with MOV files, be warned: if I use them complete and whole they work but any editing at all including any cutting or trim and the soundtrack goes nuts. Formats it will accept are: Video: AVI, MPEG-1, MPEG-2, AVCHD, MPEG-4, H.264, BDMV, DV, HDV, DivX, QuickTime, RealVideo, Windows Media Format, MOD (JVC MOD File Format), M2TS, M2T, TOD, 3GPP, 3GPP2 Audio: Dolby Digital Stereo, Dolby Digital 5.1, MP3, MPA, WAV, QuickTime, Windows Media Audio Images: BMP, CLP, CUR, EPS, FAX, FPX, GIF, ICO, IFF, IMG, J2K, JP2, JPC, JPG, PCD, PCT, PCX, PIC, PNG, PSD, PSPImage, PXR, RAS, RAW, SCT, SHG, TGA, TIF, UFO, UFP, WMF Disc: DVD, Video CD (VCD), Super Video CD (SVCD)
Preciosos y buena questionnes para usted prestiguiada tienda
Yes
I do not know for sure but I would assume yes since Windows 8 usually supports anything Windows 7 related. It's been 2+ years since I last used it however, so I make no guarantees. Honestly though, I would look elsewhere. Unless you're really struggling for money and you need a $10 or less editing program, I would invest in a better program like Sony Vegas suite.
No. It doesn't come with any hardware. I is just the software.
Do you mean still cameras or video? If you can plug the camera into the computer stack, you should be able to capture video to this program, yes. I have only used it to capture from DV and n older video camera myself, so I'm not sure of your situation. Can you load your files by hand into Windows Explorer or something similar? Anything you can put into Explorer, you can import into Corel VideoStudio. Hope that helps.
Yes.
You can do that with the settings when you save your edited HD video. I have not tried all the features on this yet. It it gets too complicated to burn it to DVD - you can download Freemake Video Converter from Freemake.com.., you can load your saved WMV or AVI or other format into the program and burn it direct to DVD. I would recomend Corel VideoStudio Pro x3 but if you can spare the extra change, get Pro x5, or at least x4
I would like to do the same thing. I have a DVD of old 8mm home movies and want to add titles etc to it, but can't find software that recognized the VOB file format on the DVD. Did you find a way to edit your DVD?
You can visit below site: http://phpbb.ulead.com.tw/EN//viewforum.php?f=1&sid=f69998226ee1a36bec309887e7013bd4
As long as they are one of the compatible formats this program accepts, yes. It won't capture off Youtube, so how you get the videos off there I don't know but once you have any non-copyright-embedded video on your computer that is in the correct formats, they can be combined at random, and edited. My version does have trouble with MOV files, be warned: if I use them complete and whole they work but any editing at all including any cutting or trim and the soundtrack goes nuts. Formats it will accept are: Video: AVI, MPEG-1, MPEG-2, AVCHD, MPEG-4, H.264, BDMV, DV, HDV, DivX, QuickTime, RealVideo, Windows Media Format, MOD (JVC MOD File Format), M2TS, M2T, TOD, 3GPP, 3GPP2 Audio: Dolby Digital Stereo, Dolby Digital 5.1, MP3, MPA, WAV, QuickTime, Windows Media Audio Images: BMP, CLP, CUR, EPS, FAX, FPX, GIF, ICO, IFF, IMG, J2K, JP2, JPC, JPG, PCD, PCT, PCX, PIC, PNG, PSD, PSPImage, PXR, RAS, RAW, SCT, SHG, TGA, TIF, UFO, UFP, WMF Disc: DVD, Video CD (VCD), Super Video CD (SVCD)
Preciosos y buena questionnes para usted prestiguiada tienda
Yes
I do not know for sure but I would assume yes since Windows 8 usually supports anything Windows 7 related. It's been 2+ years since I last used it however, so I make no guarantees. Honestly though, I would look elsewhere. Unless you're really struggling for money and you need a $10 or less editing program, I would invest in a better program like Sony Vegas suite.
No. It doesn't come with any hardware. I is just the software.
Do you mean still cameras or video? If you can plug the camera into the computer stack, you should be able to capture video to this program, yes. I have only used it to capture from DV and n older video camera myself, so I'm not sure of your situation. Can you load your files by hand into Windows Explorer or something similar? Anything you can put into Explorer, you can import into Corel VideoStudio. Hope that helps.
Yes.
You can do that with the settings when you save your edited HD video. I have not tried all the features on this yet. It it gets too complicated to burn it to DVD - you can download Freemake Video Converter from Freemake.com.., you can load your saved WMV or AVI or other format into the program and burn it direct to DVD. I would recomend Corel VideoStudio Pro x3 but if you can spare the extra change, get Pro x5, or at least x4
I would like to do the same thing. I have a DVD of old 8mm home movies and want to add titles etc to it, but can't find software that recognized the VOB file format on the DVD. Did you find a way to edit your DVD?
You can visit below site: http://phpbb.ulead.com.tw/EN//viewforum.php?f=1&sid=f69998226ee1a36bec309887e7013bd4
As long as they are one of the compatible formats this program accepts, yes. It won't capture off Youtube, so how you get the videos off there I don't know but once you have any non-copyright-embedded video on your computer that is in the correct formats, they can be combined at random, and edited. My version does have trouble with MOV files, be warned: if I use them complete and whole they work but any editing at all including any cutting or trim and the soundtrack goes nuts. Formats it will accept are: Video: AVI, MPEG-1, MPEG-2, AVCHD, MPEG-4, H.264, BDMV, DV, HDV, DivX, QuickTime, RealVideo, Windows Media Format, MOD (JVC MOD File Format), M2TS, M2T, TOD, 3GPP, 3GPP2 Audio: Dolby Digital Stereo, Dolby Digital 5.1, MP3, MPA, WAV, QuickTime, Windows Media Audio Images: BMP, CLP, CUR, EPS, FAX, FPX, GIF, ICO, IFF, IMG, J2K, JP2, JPC, JPG, PCD, PCT, PCX, PIC, PNG, PSD, PSPImage, PXR, RAS, RAW, SCT, SHG, TGA, TIF, UFO, UFP, WMF Disc: DVD, Video CD (VCD), Super Video CD (SVCD)
Preciosos y buena questionnes para usted prestiguiada tienda
Yes
I do not know for sure but I would assume yes since Windows 8 usually supports anything Windows 7 related. It's been 2+ years since I last used it however, so I make no guarantees. Honestly though, I would look elsewhere. Unless you're really struggling for money and you need a $10 or less editing program, I would invest in a better program like Sony Vegas suite.
No. It doesn't come with any hardware. I is just the software.
Do you mean still cameras or video? If you can plug the camera into the computer stack, you should be able to capture video to this program, yes. I have only used it to capture from DV and n older video camera myself, so I'm not sure of your situation. Can you load your files by hand into Windows Explorer or something similar? Anything you can put into Explorer, you can import into Corel VideoStudio. Hope that helps.
Yes.
You can do that with the settings when you save your edited HD video. I have not tried all the features on this yet. It it gets too complicated to burn it to DVD - you can download Freemake Video Converter from Freemake.com.., you can load your saved WMV or AVI or other format into the program and burn it direct to DVD. I would recomend Corel VideoStudio Pro x3 but if you can spare the extra change, get Pro x5, or at least x4
I would like to do the same thing. I have a DVD of old 8mm home movies and want to add titles etc to it, but can't find software that recognized the VOB file format on the DVD. Did you find a way to edit your DVD?
It won't "extract" photos from PDF's, but you can open a PDF in PaintShop Pro, and then crop it to just the photo, then save as jpg file. Key is opening the pdf correctly. By default, they open at a small DPI setting, like 72. Make it at least 200. Then down below uncheck anti aliasing and transparency, that will make for a smaller file size. But understand, if it's a small photo on the pdf page, it will still be a small photo in PaintShop. Good luck.
Hi, I have gone into the edit screen and used the view drop down to reset or find something I wanted to use. If you can't figure it out, there could have been some problem with parts of the program data becoming corrupted, so I would advise then to go in the control panel on your computer and finding add & remove programs, remove your Paint Shop restart the computer and re-install the program. Sorry about the trouble, but sometimes these things happen. I'm sure if you re-install the program you'll get it all back. Also the manual should tell where and how to do those things. Good Luck, Gary
I am having problems with it too. All I can suggest is that you write to Corel as they are trying to get it working for me.
I have been using Paperport since the Visioneer days. Since Nuance took over, I have had nothing but grief with this product. It was constantly freezing in scan mode, sometimes freezing the entire computer. I have been living with it because I like the Explore like interface. Our small business is very scan dependent. When we had three clients screaming at us for their files, it was the last straw. I did a search and found FileCenter. We downloaded the trial, and just purchased the Pro version after an effortless changeover. The interface is fresher, new-looking and intuitive. There has not been a single glitch and effortlessly connected to the TWAIN driver of our multi-function Kyocera. I would recommend this product to anyone looking for a PP alternative. You can find them at www.lucion.com or Amazon.
I too was an early user of paperport-I go back to ver. 5.2 which came with my VX scanner. Amazing software but continued use of it keeps me stuck on windows 98 although 5.2 has allowed me to use multipage twain compliant scanners in addition to the vx. I am thinking of dumping all my old win 98 equipment and upgrade to windows 7 in October and move all my scanned images to PP12. Firstly I need to know that PP12 is stable and secondly, how I can move my old max files into PP12 without having to import them one at a time-ie., I have heard that all I need to do is throw the data folders into a master folder and then point PP12 to it for bulk import. In doing that, is anyone aware as to whether PP12 will look into the folders and files and extract the document names and bring them into PP12 as such? Thanks so much for any responses. Take care.
You will need to check on the legalese to see whether it is allowed. The installation works just fine
Not sure what you're trying to do. I have PaperPort 11 and if I open a message in Windows Live Mail 2011 and set it to print, one of the print options is the PaperPort Image Printer. Works fine, but not sure this helps you. jnjgapp@bendcable.com
Works just fine with Win7 64 bit.
No, you'll need to use the CAD program in XP Mode. The "Anytime Upgrade" doesn't "install" anything. It activates features that are inactive until the key is entered. If you have 64 bit, it stays 64 bit.
We can email the code or if you order on Amazon you will get a factory sealed product with the code inside.
I believe it's just one. There may be a 5-pack available somewhere, but MSFT always wants its pound of flesh.
No. You can run many DOS programs, though, if you install a DOS emulator like DOSbox in Virtual XP mode. I haven't found a 16-bit Win 3.0 emulator yet.
I heard 30 days!
Vista requires an upgrade license and DVD. "Anytime Upgrade" is for those who already have Windows 7 Home Premium. Vista Home Premium and Windows 7 Home Premium are not the same product.
Ever watch "The Wizard of Oz"? You had it with you all along, every copy of Windows 7 (and Vista) has all the bits and pieces for every edition. (from memory) hit the Windows (aka Start) button, type 'Windows Anytime Upgrade', and it should load up the interface to enter the code that unlocks the pro features.
Win 7 Ultimate can handle 35 different languages, not sure if Spanish is among them, but I suspect it is, and the tendency is to make it possible to switch between versions with just a language kit.
Not anymore.
Old version means before sp1(service pack-1) all versions come with that now. If you buy the old version depending on what version you have now , you may have about 4 hours on HSI. Downloading updates or some versions will not even take it. Hit and miss from here,
Windows 7 home to windows ulimate is NOT what you need - see microsoft.com for reviewing which upgrade product you need - there are several. This windows 7 home to ultimate is for a upgrading lower functioning version of windows 7 to a higher version of windows 7. If you have windows vista ultimate, you do not have windows 7 - not windows 7 home, and not windows 7 ultimate. As I understand it, you need to know first if your windows vista ultimate is 32 bit or 64 bit. (microsoft.com tells you how to find out which you have - ask this question to bing.com to find out) Then you buy the windows 7 ultimate upgrade for either the 32 bit or 64 bit - whichever matches the one you started with on Vista. Doesn't matter that you have a Dell computer. I know that Dell's windows disk doesn't work on any other computer - it's not designed to. I am not sure whether a windows vista ultimate upgrade to windows 7 ultimate disk will work on a second computer, but it will work on your dell.
No
Re-install Windows 7 Home Premium from your DVD, validate its license, then apply the Anytime Ultimate Upgrade code. If your hardware has changed (e.g.: your old PC died) you will have to talk to one of those hard to reach Microsoft Support people.
Sort of. Windows 7 Upgrades are designed for Windows Vista, keeping your files and programs in place. If you have XP, you will not be able to perform that same type of upgrade directly. Instead, you can do what is called a "Clean Install" which will move your files to a Windows.old folder, but you will need to install all of your programs again. I'd also like to point out that you cannot use this Anytime Upgrade to go from XP to Win7. This product is strictly to upgrade from Windows 7 Starter to Windows 7 Home Premium; if you do not currently have Windows 7 Starter installed, then this product will be of no use. Try searching for "Microsoft Windows 7 Home Premium Upgrade" as that includes the DVDs so you can do the Clean Install.
I used it on my netbook 32bit 1gb ram and it worked no problem however be warned the install takes a loooong time. Also I'd suggest getting a 4gb stick while your at it since you cannot have more than 4 gb with this upgrade. the difference for me was day and night
I think so, but more than likely you will only utilize 32-bit of your system. I suggest you look into an upgrade for 64-bit systems only.
My suspicion is that it would not fix your issue because Win 7 starter should be able to work with an external USB DVD drive without any problems. I upgraded my wife's netbook to Win7 Home before I ever tried to use an external DVD drive on her machine, so I'm not sure if I ever would have had issues with the starter edition. Since then, however, I've used a DVD drive to install lots of other software to that machine. I would suggest working through this troubleshooting checklist before spending any money on the Win7 upgrade: http://answers.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/forum/windows_7-hardware/acer-netbook-with-windows-7-starter-does-not/bf1fbbd5-bec7-4055-b3d7-2d5853d06903?page=3
No. More memory or a SSD hard drive will do that. This just adds more features than the Starter Ed.
I didn't lose anything, but I would still back your files up just incase.
Yes, you will download the software from the net. This package basically just has a code that you enter and a set of instructions. I also used this to upgrade a netbook that did not have a dvd/cd-rom.
The upgrade software itself will take care of all that you do not have to remove anything
No
I don't believe this will help you. This, I believe, just updates from Starter 7, a silly money making microsoft scheme installed on netbooks. I would write to microsoft to be sure.
Agreed. I'm wanting to upgrade from Leopard to Snow Leopard and then possibly Lion. Purchasing both Snow Leopard and Lion from the Apple site/Mac App Store is cheaper than buying Snow Leopard here. And Mac Store has free shipping on Snow Leopard at the moment. Together, both purchases are about $60, excluding any taxes. I'm sticking with Apple too. EmmKays
When you load the 10.6 at the end of the installation process the progam searched for updates which will bring you up to 10.6.3
Requirements....My box says Intel processor
Of course not. It's designed to run on a Mac with an Intel chip.
It depends on your hardware, not your current OSX version. Check this page to see if your computer is compatible: http://www.everymac.com/mac-answers/snow-leopard-mac-os-x-faq/mac-os-x-snow-leopard-fully-compatible-intel-macs.html
download all the updates from the website first. then youll need to buy snow leopard from apple. if im not mistaken you can now download this update (for a fee) from their website. If not, order the disk directly from APPLE. DO NOT ORDER FROME HERE.
Absolutely.
I did. It's been a wonderful improvement. Much faster, and it doesn't freeze up now.
Follow my instructions. It will show you how to go about doing the upgrade
You have to purchase 10.6 to upgrade any further. Depending on your MacBook you might only be able to go up to 10.6. My suggestion is to find out the year of you MacBook and search tutorials on the Mac forums.
I have been using Quicken Deluxe 2007 and when I started it this evening, I got a message that downloading capabilities would go dark on April 10. Too bad, since it does what I want. There was an accompanying chart of features that indicates that Quicken Deluxe 2010 does not support investment tracking via online syncing; for that one needs to go with Quicken Premier 2010 for $20 more. Just another reason to hate Intuit, as if i needed one. I wonder if Intuit included information about how they shutoff the capabilities of the software after 3 years in 2007. If not, one might wonder if the act of disabling software that I bought violates some criminal law re intrusive viruses. One can only hope.
Why is Quicken a rip-off? It's made my life easier for many, many years.
I found these instructions on Intuit's website: http://quicken.intuit.com/support/articles/buying-and-billing/product-refund/1052.html
I have been using Quicken Deluxe 2007 and when I started it this evening, I got a message that downloading capabilities would go dark on April 10. Too bad, since it does what I want. There was an accompanying chart of features that indicates that Quicken Deluxe 2010 does not support investment tracking via online syncing; for that one needs to go with Quicken Premier 2010 for $20 more. Just another reason to hate Intuit, as if i needed one. I wonder if Intuit included information about how they shutoff the capabilities of the software after 3 years in 2007. If not, one might wonder if the act of disabling software that I bought violates some criminal law re intrusive viruses. One can only hope.
Why is Quicken a rip-off? It's made my life easier for many, many years.
I found these instructions on Intuit's website: http://quicken.intuit.com/support/articles/buying-and-billing/product-refund/1052.html
Note too: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Comparison_of_personal_financial_management_software
You can't import data from another program with the Starter edition.
I had the same question. In a Quicken chat with a representative I was quaranteed that I lose none of the 2007 Deluxe investment tools if I purchase 2010 Deluxe version.
Quickens website says it has a build-in converter for Money 2007 & 2008. No mention of earlier versions.
Doesn't anyone find it outrageous that 2010 Deluxe has dropped the investment tracking and reporting features? (at least, according to Intuit's own product feature comparison). Looks like one must upgrade to Premiere to preserve this functionality.
Just try to use your off line credit card data, as you did on previous quicken. It's just not possible. If you are ready to establish on line accounrts, I wish you luck in the data transfer game. I'm back to 2008. After more than 15 years of Quicken, this may be the last.
Solaris, I think it is worth every penny if keeping track of your income/expenses--and hopefully investments is important to you. I have been using Quicken since the 90's--almost 20 years. The importance of ordering Q 2011 is that after 3 or so years, Intuit no longer supports its software and you must upgrade, so start off with the latest.
Works fine in Quicken 2007. Have they taken it away in later versions?
I purchased downloaded and installed Quicken 2010 on Windows 7 x64, I can confirm that it works.
Hope This Helps!, I previously had 2010 but now I am using 2014 edition so I am not sure if I will be of help. In 2014 in the same row that your "Deposit" would normally appear see if there is a "gear" clear on the right side. Click on the gear and if it is the same as 2014 it will give you check boxes of "payment", "amount", "deposit", etc. I don't think that you have a glitch I think that somewhere if not what I suggested you will find a "view" that will include the "deposit". Good luck. Larry
Note too: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Comparison_of_personal_financial_management_software
You can't import data from another program with the Starter edition.
I had the same question. In a Quicken chat with a representative I was quaranteed that I lose none of the 2007 Deluxe investment tools if I purchase 2010 Deluxe version.
Quickens website says it has a build-in converter for Money 2007 & 2008. No mention of earlier versions.
Doesn't anyone find it outrageous that 2010 Deluxe has dropped the investment tracking and reporting features? (at least, according to Intuit's own product feature comparison). Looks like one must upgrade to Premiere to preserve this functionality.
Just try to use your off line credit card data, as you did on previous quicken. It's just not possible. If you are ready to establish on line accounrts, I wish you luck in the data transfer game. I'm back to 2008. After more than 15 years of Quicken, this may be the last.
Solaris, I think it is worth every penny if keeping track of your income/expenses--and hopefully investments is important to you. I have been using Quicken since the 90's--almost 20 years. The importance of ordering Q 2011 is that after 3 or so years, Intuit no longer supports its software and you must upgrade, so start off with the latest.
Works fine in Quicken 2007. Have they taken it away in later versions?
I purchased downloaded and installed Quicken 2010 on Windows 7 x64, I can confirm that it works.
Hope This Helps!, I previously had 2010 but now I am using 2014 edition so I am not sure if I will be of help. In 2014 in the same row that your "Deposit" would normally appear see if there is a "gear" clear on the right side. Click on the gear and if it is the same as 2014 it will give you check boxes of "payment", "amount", "deposit", etc. I don't think that you have a glitch I think that somewhere if not what I suggested you will find a "view" that will include the "deposit". Good luck. Larry
No,mine doesn't have it. Under "employees" there is a payroll choice but I think it has to be added. I'm not sure. Good Luck
there is no support for the 2010 version, so the only way to obtain the info is to contact the previous owner......sounds to me like you were taken.
Hi 80s Chick, Amazon only carries our 1 and 3 user products. You can purchase the 1 user license here and then purchase an additional license when you have installed the product (Help Menu&gt;Manage my License). Or you can purchase 2 - 1 user licenses here and then we can help you when you register to synch those licenses. Thanks!
Hi Joan, Happy to help... I looked a bit more into this and found this in our system requirements: "QuickBooks will run on both 32-bit and 64-bit processors running XP, Vista and Windows 7, but is compiled as a 32-bit application. Some capabilities (such as memory access) may be greater on 64-bit machines." So, it will work on 64 bit and it will take advantage of some of the 64 bit capabilities, but not all of them since it compiles as a 32-bit program. Thanks again, Greg
Hi Debbie, Yes, as long as you are comfortable with the reduced functions. Your 2010 QB Pro will be able to open your 2008 QB company file. I recommend you make a backup before the migration which is a standard precaution when doing any changes to company file or upgrades. I hope that helps! Karl Sexton Certified QuickBooks ProAdvisor Accounting On-Call, LLC Tampa, Brandon, Riverview (813) 787-7855 www.AccountingOn-Call.com
If you already have the software it might be cheaper to just call them and get another license. You can do this from within the program or call 1-866-379-6635. I am not sure, but it may be cheaper to get it from Intuit, otherwise buying another copy of the software should also work, if that is the cheaper route.
I had that happen also. On mine it was the printer. Go to "Devices and Printers" and check the default printer or fax. Sometimes there is a converter and you have to switch to using it for QB then go back to the old device for other work.
You can make a copy of your company file to send to your Accountant and he will be able to open the copy and work with it, but he will not be able to send back a copy with changes that you can use. He can list the changes he makes but you will have to enter manually. I hope that helps! Karl Sexton Certified QuickBooks ProAdvisor Accounting On-Call, LLC Tampa, Brandon, Riverview (813) 787-7855
Yes There is one for Windows and one for Mac.
Yes. Per the System Requirements (Macintosh) section of the official reference manual for the program, Poser 8 requires Mac OS X 10.4 or 10.5 to run, with a G4-type processor. 700MHz is essential, a 1GHz+ G4 chip (OR an Intel Core Duo) is recommended. A late-model PPC processor should be fine. I had gone over to an Intel Mac before I upgraded to Poser 8 and so have not used it on a PPC, however I do still have the official Smith Micro documentation files. This information comes from those.
Not sure what you are asking. Poser is an app that you can pose and render figures and scenes. Or for animations. You can save the rendered scenes and animations in several formats such as png, jpg,AVI, a number of others. You can open these in photoshop for editing.
Yes Poser has several gigs of content included which includes 8 new figures and a number of older figures.
yes
Yes, although it may have issues with multi-processors. The work-around is to set up a shortcut, and set its properties to run on just one core.
Any 3D software package has a high learning curve including Poser 8. This means that you are going to have to spend a lot of time with the software, going over the tutorials and manual as well as any books available on the subject. There is really no good beginner package that I know of for learning 3D. You may want to consider getting Poser Debut which is basically a stripped down, more user friendly version of Poser 8, but it is really not that much if any easier then Poser 8.
Yes
It contains all three versions. The original, warchiefs and asian dynasties. The same if you bought all three seperately. Nothing added and nothing removed when combining the three. There is a campain story that flows through all three but Asian Dynasties is the best with the more options and the acrive online multiplayer scene. There you can play with friends or on your own against computers, against other people or custom maps such as free for all.
I already had one from my cd pack was just missing a couple CDs
yes i am positive i bought it. u have 0 worries.
It does work on windows 8. No issues
Includes I, II, and III
I don`t know for sure but I think so.
Label on mine says it was made in Europe. Below that it indicates the UK.
Your question is a little incomplete, actual creation of the game? Or the missions within the game?
absolutely - you don't need an Internet connection
Yes, Norton 360 includes internet security. But this product is too intrusive for most users and in my opinion, Norton Internet Security 2010 is a superior program in all ways.
The upgrade to 2010 is FREE if you have 2009!!! In fact, any product you buy from Norton is upgradeable for free - they just don't like to show it! Buy the Norton 2009 from Amazon at the cheap price - Then, go here: http://updatecenter.norton.com//manually.ftl?NUCLANG=en This will lead you to the Norton Update Center (yes, it is norton's own website see in the address "norton.com") where you can choose your product (Norton Internet Security) and version (2009) and it will provide you with the appropriate download. I just did this today - it works!
No, they do not. I have three computers in two different cities, two different states
on the norton website it says this package and Win 7 are "made for each other"
No. Part of the installation process for NIS 2010 detects and removes older versions of the software.
Yes it does have that feature, I have been using it since I got Norton earlier today
Go to the Amazon search box and find the cd version.
Works fine on my Z520 Atom netbook.
This product work very well with both desktop and laptop pc's.
Often the best rebates are at Fry's. One rebate for purchase, one for upgrade.
No, it doesn't work at all.
I don't know as I don't have windows 8, sorry
I am sorry but I cannot say for win 8. I have used with win 7, and it works perfectly.
I've had the same problem with the same results - good luck in finding an answer
It should, its compatible with windows 8 so I dont see why it wouldnt be compatible with windwos 7 since most non-microsoft programs that work on windows 8 work on windows 7
Hi Arturo! I'm Ellen with eMedia. The serial number is a 16-digit alphanumeric usually on the disc sleeve included with the software. If it was not included in the box or on the software for some reason, contact us at http://www.emediamusic.com/contact.html at we can help you out. Thank you for your interest in eMedia!
Yes, your electric guitar probably will work if you connect it directly into your computer. You can use this inexpensive $6 cable, 3.5 mm (1/8 inch) stereo to 1/4 inch mono, 10 ft length: HOSA CMP-110 Mono Interconnect - 3.5mm TRS to 1/4" TS I was able to connect my acoustic/electric directly into my Win7 Home Premium 64 laptop. Guitar Method v5.0b works correctly. However, I was not aware of the above cable so I bought a more expensive cable setup: Monster AI STUDIOLINK iStudioLink 1/4-Inch Mono Female to 1/8-Inch Stereo Male Instrument Interconnect Cable Hosa 10FT Guitar Cable Strght To Rght Angl 10FT While my setup is more expensive at $27, I do like the right-angle connector at my guitar because I can set it down without having to disconnect it, something I didn't consider when I ordered it. I also bought this $6 adapter so I can connect my mono microphone to my computer stereo connector. Otherwise, I only get sound from the left side: Free Shipping!! Metal 6.35mm (1/4Inch) Mono Plug to 3.5mm Jack Adapter If you're just going to hook up your guitar, just get the first $6 cable. If you also want the option of connecting your microphone to your PC, get the 3 pieces I bought. Be sure to set "guitar directly connected" under Preferences in Guitar Method.
It is CD based so I don't think so.
I use a USB audio interface to directly connected my guitar to the computer. I think that's the only way to get interactive feedback, through a MIDI device
I checked it out for youl. On the main screen it shows right handed chords. So does the chord dictionary. BUT the fretboard can be displayed at anytime and it has a left handed view, that shows how each chord would be played from that position. So, it would be a bit more messing around for you than me to get going on it, because you'd have to compare it to the left handed fretboard, but very doable. Hope that helps you!
Only if you play the 12-string as a 6-string guitar. But since they sound so different from each other, I would suggest learning with a 6-string guitar and then moving to a 12-string after you finish the course.
My box states that v 5 works with: Windows XP, Vista, and Windows 7. I am using it with Windows 7.
If you intend to use the tuning program to tune your guitar, you will need a mike.
Hi mommy j! We have a version of Guitar Method for iPad. You can find it at our website, here: http://www.emediamusic.com/ipadgm1.html . Thank you for your interest in eMedia! -Ellen with eMedia Customer Service
I am using it with Windows 7, 64 bit, and it seems to work fine.
It worked on my windows 7 system
I own a windows PC I know it works there, but the box says it will work on a Mac OS X 10.4 or later
Mine works just fine with Windows XP
Yes - You can use a traditional acoustic guitar. Any 6 string guitar would be fine.
Unfortunately, I have Windows 7. I have also explored the packaging...there is a Win/MAC emblem but no indication of version. Sorry.
I am using it with Max OS X Leopard. I do not see any reason why it would not work with later versions of Mac OS X. On the site of eMedia, on the page http://www.emediamusic.com/guitar-lessons/guitar-for-dummies.html , it is written : System requirements, Macintosh: Mac OS X 10.4 or later On the box, it is written : Minimum system requirements : Macintosh Mac OS X 10.4 or later(Universal Binary), 32 MB free RAM, CD-ROM You could also ask them for confirmation : Questions about system requirements ? Contact our technical support department. Hoping my answer will help you.
I really don't know. I tried Quicken but prefer Microsoft Money. I went back to using Money, although now I use MS Money Sunset, which can be downloaded from Microsoft at no charge and requires no activation.
QH&B 2010 is no longer supported. You can install the software, but I don't think Quicken will confirm that it works with Windows 8. Your best bet is to get 2013, but verify on their website if it is compatible with Windows 8. I preferred the 2010 version over the 2013, but what can you do? While they have quirks, they know they are the best affordable solution for Home and Small Business.
no it does not - and it is the worst version intuit/quicken has ever come up with - buyer beware
I really don't know. I tried Quicken but prefer Microsoft Money. I went back to using Money, although now I use MS Money Sunset, which can be downloaded from Microsoft at no charge and requires no activation.
QH&B 2010 is no longer supported. You can install the software, but I don't think Quicken will confirm that it works with Windows 8. Your best bet is to get 2013, but verify on their website if it is compatible with Windows 8. I preferred the 2010 version over the 2013, but what can you do? While they have quirks, they know they are the best affordable solution for Home and Small Business.
no it does not - and it is the worst version intuit/quicken has ever come up with - buyer beware
It comes with 1 key that you can use in up to 3 computers, if you try to use it in more, once it tries to authenticate, you'll get a message saying the limit for this key has been reached or something like that.
Amazon is not getting away with it, it's one of their partner sellers. Do you know and can you tell the difference? It's not difficult. How can people continue to not understand what they are looking at when you look at a product page and it says "Ships from and sold by C4DEALZ?" Is that Amazon? No, it's not, it's C4DEALZ. When you buy here you will notice that some will say "Ships from and sold by Amazon.com", others will say "Ships from and sold by *some 3rd party seller*" and others will say "Sold by *some 3rd party seller* and Fulfilled by Amazon." The case with this at the moment is that Amazon apparently has no stock and our thoughtful friends at C4DEALZ see the opportunity to jack up the price by $100 or so and make money off the uninformed, especially in this case because even at that price it's less than buying 3 separate upgrades. Get informed. First clue, outrageous prices gouging the customer (for which Amazon actually should remove the seller as a partner) and you won't see it being available for Free SuperSaver shipping since only Amazon sold or fulfilled items are. In my case I have a gift certificate I'd like to use toward the purchase so I'm rather irritated they don't have stock but I'm not stupid enough to pay C4DEALZ gouging prices, or anyone's for that matter. Now I see that "The Toy Giant" has joined the parade of gouging sellers. They should all go on lists of sellers that we will never ever purchase from. Jeff Bezos shouldn't be allowing it, it reflects directly on Amazon.
Can you upgrade 3 units to Ultimate 7 or is it only thisversion? thanks, dsk
Yes, go to to the anytime upgrade and run it and use the Key that came with the family pack. With xp you can run it by backing up the system first and then installing it. You need a usb hard drive to back up your doc. pic. and music first. The windows web site will talk you thru it if you have a computer nearby to follow along by the numbers.
Many of the CPUs introduced in the past few years are 64-bit but can run a 32-bit OS, and that's how a lot of computers were shipped before Windows 7 was released -- a 64-bit Intel or AMD CPU and 32-bit Windows. Mainstream CPUs and motherboards made the leap to 64 bits first, with OS, device drivers and applications following only after consumers began asking for the benefits of 64-bit computing. As an example, the machine I'm using to write this shipped with a 64-bit AMD Athlon CPU, 32-bit Windows Home Premium and a paltry 1GB of RAM. I used it that way for awhile before upgrading the RAM and installing 64-bit Windows Vista Ultimate. I understand a few computing devices are still being made with a 64-bit CPU and 32-bit Windows OS. You might find this combination, or instance, in a low-priced netbook that is specifically designed to use only one or two gigabytes of RAM, so there's no benefit to using a 64-bit OS. And you'll find lots of used computers that are built around quite powerful (for the time) 32-bit CPUs; while still more than adequate for almost anything less demanding than image manipulation or gaming, they're forever limited to 32-bit operating systems.
Does anyone read the product descriptions? It says it comes with two disks. One with the 32 bit version and one with the 64 bit version.
upgrading Vista 32 bit is no problem at all. Upgrading Xp 32 bit can be a nightmare! With xp you have to do a clean install. This means the program wipes out everything on your hard drive and you lose everything. Make sure you back up all your files and data. Once installed you will need all the original disks for whatever software programs you were running on xp or be able to download them from the Internet. You CAN NOT install your software programs from a backup. The next problem that arises is when it asks you for the product key to type in DON'T DO IT!!!!!!! Just hit the enter key and bypass this screen. You can install the product key after windows seven has been install on the computer. Here is why, if you type the product key in when it asks you to and windows has already formated the hard drive you may get a invalid product key message. Now you can't go anywhere in the program. If you start all over again windows doesn't find XP on the hard drive because it has already wipe everything off the hard drive and since this is a upgrade it won't install the program because it can't find XP. Now you are going to spend hours with Microsoft getting the problem corrected. I have installed this 8 times on XP computers and it is not easy and it takes up to about four hours to install on some slow 32 bit machines plus you won't believe how many updates have to be installed. Some computers all night to install them. Don't purchase this program until you run The windows 7 advisor program from Microsoft to see if your computer will run it. Some computers don't have the right requirements to run windows 7. AGAIN FIRST THING TO DO IS RUN THE WINDOWS 7 ADVISOR PROGRAM IT IS EASY TO DOWNLOAD FROM MICROSOFT. Once the software is opened up no one will take it back, EVER! I hope this helps. You may want to look at windows 7 system builder instead of this version.
It's just one sticker, but it can be activated 3 times without issue.
Haha, no answer in 3 months. I hope you found out it works because I'm about to try the same thing.. on an Acer machine with no product key!
if you don't want to upgrade then you can do the double install. the first install chose a new install and do not enter the key. at the end of this you will be given 30 days to activate. run the disc again and this time chose upgrade and enter the license key. this is a work around issued by ms for people that could not upgrade such as having a 32 bit system and wanting a 64 bit new install
I am not sure. I have Windows 8 and don't have any problems. Did you upgrade to Windows 8.1? If so, did it work prior? The Tech support for Hallmark Software were helpful in the past.
I have Version 9 and it works with Windows 8. I also have Halmark Studio 2012 and it also works with Windows 8. Both worked on my old computer with Vista.
No. I think they have a phone number for customer support
&#65279; I have Microsoft Streets and Trips, both 2002 & 2013. I purchased the 2002 "without" the GPS attachment. I purchased 2013 "with" the GPS, and it definitely shows you driving on your laptop. However, as maps of the US do not change too drastically from year to year, I would suggest purchasing last years or even on 2 years old. The cost goes down drastically.
I am using the 2013 version. It updates the road conditions each time I use it on "Road Planning." I have used previous versions of 2000, 2006 and 2009. I am using the 2013 version on the desk top and the 2013 version with the GPS receiver on the laptop.
Yes. It is micrsoft product so it should work with 8.1. I'm using it on 8, and works great
@Sung Han, You need DVD drive only for installation.
Both. You can buy the CD through Amazon, or download it directly from the website of its publisher: www.ravensheadservices.com. There is a slight difference in price; the download is slightly cheaper. I still use the product and couldn't be happier with it.
Yes, I have used this on my MacBook Air. I have had no problems, other than me sitting down and actually getting my book out if my head and into this awesome tool.
Yes! That's what I have
Yes you can import it seamlessly into Write It Now
You'll want to save it to both. I am saving my story to its folder within the software, and to a flash drive, Carbonite backs up my computer daily, and I save it also to Google Drive so I can easily import my changes to my PC from my laptop. Tip: whenever you close the software it saves the story, so if I open it from the cloud, I always do a save as and save it back to my Writeitnow folder so that I am working within the computer. This is important because then you can Ctrl S and save as you go. When you're done you can save it to the cloud again. Hope that makes sense. Good luck!
Yes it works great on windows 7 64 bit
You can install it on as many of your own personal computers as you like. It does work on Windows 8.
I don't know the answer to your question but their customer service is really good. When I contacted them they got back to me in about 30 minutes with answers to my questions. Their help site is http://www.ravensheadservices.com/help.php Good luck. John
yes
Hi Nora, No, you won't be able to insert photographs into your stories. WriteItNow is primarily for writing novels and isn't picture-oriented. However, you can add pictures for each character on the characters tab, and you can always add pictures to the RTF after exporting. I hope that helps. g
Under one of the reviews it had If you have already registered with Garmin great, if not then register 2. Login to Garmin website. 3. Click buy maps. 4. Then click on lifetime update. 5. On the top of the page their are several "tabs" click on the one that says maps. There will be a drop down menu. The last option is Activate gift code. 6. Click on activate gift code and enter the password you got from Amazon. Hope this helps...
Quarterly.
it is very good
I would suggest that you contact Garmin technical support and ask that same question to be sure your unit will support it - I have an older model Garmin nuvi and the last update I downloaded required me to put a memory card in to hold the amount of data - it was cheap enough - but something to consider is whether your unit will support current and future map updates & downloads - if your unit will support this lifetime maps update, go for it - great deal
Not quite clear on what you mean. Essentially the update is supposed to give you new info that wasn't included in the previous data, like new streets or some that were previously excluded. One problem I have found is, that when trying to update maps, the system does not allow it, and Garmin will NOT answer when queried about it. VERY disappointing and to my thinking fraudulent (as it prevents me from getting my money's worth.)
Just purchased a lifetime map subscription yesterday. The downloaded map says "US & Canada". Note also that the product description on the Amazon page says "detailed maps for United States and Canada".
Yes.
after installing parallels on your mac, you can then install a windows operating system (xp, vista, or 7). It will then have a full version of Internet Explorer.
Sounds like you have Creative Memories Storybook Creator...is that correct? if so, yes, you will need Parallels or similar emulator and Windows in order to run it. I am a Mac person and a Creative Memories consultant and am excited to say that the Mac version of our software will be out this fall!!! Yipee!! If you can wait just a bit, you can upgrade to Mac version and take advantage of all your Mac can do for you with the creativity the CM has to offer. Karen McBride http://mycmsite.com/sites/karenmcbride/
The primary advantage is that you don't need to shut down your Mac and restart in Windows. You can run them both at once. So it depends on your usage patterns. I like to be able to go back and forth constantly between the two operating systems so I use virtualization software (VMWare's Fusion actually) My son mostly likes to play one game in Windows but he has a Mac so he just uses Bootcamp.
Seems like it must be available elsewhere as well, but the only place I found a downloadable version was on NewEgg http://www.newegg.com/Product/Product.aspx?Item=N82E168168429000SF However, it's currently not much cheaper and actually after mail in rebate on boxed version more exspensive. They do a have a 30day trial for download on Parallels website. I don't know if it can be upgraded w/a serial number from a boxed version. https://nct.tryparallels.com/fulfill/0285.001
This is a single-user licensed product. If you have four users, you'll need to buy four copies.
I've not used delux for this purpose but even the basic product should support the entry of income and deductions for the rental property IF you know how it should be entered. Again, I'm guessing but based on how premeir went through for our rental property it asks a LOT of questions about expenses, etc. so you know what is deductible. So if you know what's what and where it should go it would probably work. You might even go online to turbotax and try out the package, it's free to enter data etc., you just can't view forms until you pay.
You can get TT w/o state at the Intuit site.
Robert, it looks like I have succeeded in transferring my 2008 online data to the 2009 desktop product. The online help is a little cryptic, but once you have saved a 2009 .tax file (mine actually had updated 2009 data since I was doing some preliminary work online) to your computer, you should choose Open Tax Return from the File menu of the desktop application. It kicks back to the transferring screen, but then it starts to transfer the data. It left me in the transferring screen with the button that look non-applicable, so I just clicked on the Personal Info or Federal Taxes tabs to get into the application. I hope this helps!
Deluxe has all of the forms you need, but Premier will walk you thru them in more detail and suggest deductions you may have overlooked. I used Premier for years due to rental income, but switched to Deluxe last year without any problems. You might want to get Premier for the first year, then downgrade to Deluxe for future years after you've identified the kinds of expenses that can be deducted from rental income.
Turbotax does not calculate wash sales. You have to calculate it yourself and import it into turbotax using a special format. I had the same issue. After some search I came across this product on download.com. At first glance, the interface does not look too fancy. But the report it generated was fantastic. It matches all my wash sales. What I like most about it is that all the matched wash sales are highlighted which makes the report very easy to read and I can doublecheck it myself. check it out: http://download.cnet.com/iScheduleD-Portfolio-Manager/3000-2047_4-75147579.html BTW, some guy left a review for this product. According to him, he compared the product's result with Gainskeeper and the numbers are all good. This is what he said, "Pros: If your an active trader, with multiple brokerage accounts or short positions, this is it. Although this product is categorized as a Portfolio Manager, it really is nothing like feature rich Portfolio Manager but thats a great thing at tax time. Cons: Not an extensive set of portfolio tools by any means. But in my mind this con is actually a strong point. Summary: Its tax time and this tool unlike any other I've seen offers the simplest way I've seen to bring multiple brokerage transactions together, with the ability to quickly modify the CSV files ahead of import for those special positions that require manual-cost basis adjustment. Nothing around I've found to do this, and I've looked extensively.I'll be recommending this to any of my friends that are active traders. Other portfolio tools are for bells and whistles. This is for getting your taxes done accurately and in the shortest time possible. Honestly, brokerages themselves provide extensive portfolio mangagement these days, and if not a Quicken like tool might be desired. But there are many basic tax entries that aren't easily manageable in any of these other tools. This product will quickly streamline imports from multiple brokers, generate your washes flawlessly and spit out 1 nice TXF file. The unlimited version is a great deal for the price. Have short positions that require cost-basis adjustment? This product doesn't natively do that, but its the only tool where since your importing CSV files, you simply add the dividends paid type costs right at the CSV level before import. Other tools are good at automatically recognizing corporate actions like stock dividends and splits. But need a manual adjustment for something like a ROC distribution paid. Your out of luck on the other products."
No, the software CD does not contain the state tax software. Each and every state must be downloaded after the federal tax software has been installed. If one buys TurboTax Federal and State, the first state tax software download is free. If your father does not have an Internet connection, he will not be able to update either the federal or the state software -- and Intuit is constantly updating its software until about late March. If I remember correctly, Intuit will send out CDs with all updates and the specific state(s) required if one calls their customer support line. I strongly suggest that you call Intuit and ask if they still support offline use of their software. TT will print out all forms needed to submit your tax return, whether federal or state, through the mail. The best approach in your situation might be to install the software on a laptop with an Internet connection, and then in late March, after applying all the software updates and downloading the required state(s), lend the laptop to your father for a day. An inexperienced TT user should be able to complete both the federal and state returns in about four hours or less in most cases.
TT Deluxe has all the forms for any stock/mutual fund investments. For most people Deluxe is more than enough. Intuit reccommends Premier version if you have Stock options or Employee Stock Purchase plan. But again I have found out that Deluxe can handle those situations also. Premer has extra interview questions and guidance for stock options or ESPP. I have used Premer for several years. This year I am dowgrading to Deluxe.
I am curious about this as well. I do not want to have to buy an additional state package if another person in my house needs to file.
I was wondering the same thing so I called Intuit. As far as I understand I can purchase the online version of TurboTax Deluxe 2009 Federal w/free e-file for $29.95. I live in Oregon so the online state version is $36.95 and comes w/free e-file for state taxes. Total $66.90 Looking around the web(amazon) and at local store specials the boxed, off the shelf version, "TurboTax Deluxe Federal + State 2009 + efile" is around $50.00. What I learned on the call to Intuit is that in this version the state e-filing is an extra cost. I did see another post regarding this fee. So the off the shelf/boxed version ~$50.00 + $19.95 for state e-file capability comes out to be approximately the same cost(+$3.05) as doing it online with online state e-file being "free." Total $69.95. Hope this helps. Obviously if you don't need the state version or mail in your state taxes then the boxed version is cheaper.
Downloaded TT2009 Deluxe yesterday onto my Mac. Got through the federal file just fine, saved it, and started the state download - then, poof! - it was gone! When I go back to the document file it tells me that the file cannot be opened because it was created with an older version of TT. Anyone else had this kind of problem? I know I used the current application, because it named the file for me and uses a ".tax2009" extension. I'm afraid to start over, because this might be a software issue vs. operator error. Tax time is bad enough without doing them over and over and over again...
I have had something similar over the years although not in childcare but pretty much the same amount etc. and have always used DELUXE-works fine for what I needed. Been using TT/Deluxe for over 10 yrs. now. No need to pay the excess $$ for the other versions for such a small amount of income.
http://turbotax.intuit.com/best-tax-software/why-choose-turbotax/start-now-finish-faster.jsp With the CD/Download version (as opposed to the online version), you get up to 5 federal efiles included at no extra cost. State efiles are $19.95 extra per efile.
If your question is "can you down load 2009 state using 2015 Turbo Tax", I don't believe so. I would call customer service at Turbo Tax (Google their number), to get assistance with that.
The Deluxe Federal + State + eFile does include the right to download one state program at no additional cost. If you are unable to download, contact customer support (http://www.hrblock.com/customer_support/self_serv/contact_options.html).
If all your foreign tax paid is from a 1099Div Form, you can just take the credit on page 2 of the 1040 without filling out the extra form.
You don't need to be online except for updating the program, which is will ask you to do when you log on each time. Otherwise, you are just using it like any other computer program. There is no online requirement at all. Its a great program!
yes
I think you can print as many returns as you want, you just get 5 e-files.
To my knowledge they are one and the same, just make sure you keep any codes you were given for reinstalls, so they don't charge twice.
For the past few years, Taxcut has come with an extra disk called Deduction Pro. That program helps you calculate your deductions and includes the fair market value for common items. I think it is included with the deluxe and premium editions of H&R.
Yes it does, as of 2007. Go to menu "file", and then save as PDF will come up. It will prompt you to download PDF995 freeware, which I did, then you can both save and send as PDF file.
TaxCut does offer state e-files, but you need to buy the correct version of the software, which costs a little more with state e-filing. Check the package material and then go to the "update" section, hunt around in the offered state updates until you find the correct one WITH e-filing. Also be aware that states get updated when they can be, not all at once, so AZ might not be available yet, when others are. Patience is a virtue. Dave S.
I'm waiting till it goes back down again.
I think they are bad, at least the ones you mentioned. Currently I am using for Backup, Novabackup by Novastor V13.1 and it works and restores perfectly and it's available for about $25 dls for an upgrade.
Yes, I have several computers and backups are compatible.
I'm sorry that I can't provide an answer for you. I have abandoned Norton Ghost. Although Symantec usually has great products like Norton 360 and Norton Security Suite, I can't say the same for Ghost. I have had nothing but trouble with it and have switched my backup program to Acronis 2013. Acronis is also not the easiest to manage, particularly when a recovery becomes necessary. However, I found it to be better that Ghost even though Acronis is seriously deficient in documentation. Hope this helps.
At least for me it will not. Ghost 15 installs all right on Windows 7, but it will not perform a backup beyond the base backup. Then when we REALLY needed to restore from this backup, there was an error. Thus, we got NOTHING!!
I think they are bad, at least the ones you mentioned. Currently I am using for Backup, Novabackup by Novastor V13.1 and it works and restores perfectly and it's available for about $25 dls for an upgrade.
Yes, I have several computers and backups are compatible.
I'm sorry that I can't provide an answer for you. I have abandoned Norton Ghost. Although Symantec usually has great products like Norton 360 and Norton Security Suite, I can't say the same for Ghost. I have had nothing but trouble with it and have switched my backup program to Acronis 2013. Acronis is also not the easiest to manage, particularly when a recovery becomes necessary. However, I found it to be better that Ghost even though Acronis is seriously deficient in documentation. Hope this helps.
At least for me it will not. Ghost 15 installs all right on Windows 7, but it will not perform a backup beyond the base backup. Then when we REALLY needed to restore from this backup, there was an error. Thus, we got NOTHING!!
It works just fine with Windows 8.
Sorry, only seems to be compadable with Windows
Yes it does
Yes, it will.
I have windows 7 and it works fine!
You can have up to 5 different users on the same computer.
You do not need the internet.
It came with both Windows and Mac installer discs. You can also download off the Internet.
Yes!
The question is can or should. U decide.
So Far, I have just had my kids start over. I haven't seen a possible option for repeat.
Yes, Vist, etc. and also it is an 'offline' program, excellent for when we travel...
No
Yes, Fluenz authorizes three activations on three separate computers. If you are using the same computer with two different accounts/logins, the program will ask for a authorization number for each account but only one activation will be used because the Fluenz system recognizes the one computer ID.
The largest superficial difference is that Spanish Spanish pronounces the soft "c" sound (pronounced "see") like "th". For example "conoce" (you know) is pronounced "konosay" by Mexicans and "konothay" by Spanish. However the deep difference is the structure of the language. You could say the Mexican Spanish is "street" Spanish whilst Spanish Spanish is "classroom" spanish. If you speak Spanish Spanish where I live in Texas the Mexicans will laugh at you, sort of like, "hey, listen to the professor!". If you're going to Spain then learn Spanish Spanish but if you want to talk to Latinos in the USA speak Mexican Spanish.
Hi John, There are exercises in which you record yourself and playback to compare to the original. As for voice recognition software, there is not. We don't believe the technology available is at a sophisticated enough level to always give accurate feedback, and when speaking any language there is so much to be considered such as the pitch, the tone, the speed of what is being said, if the speaker has an accent, which syllables or words to stress, etc. We want to avoid telling a user through our course that something is being said correctly or not after being analyzed by the program, when they would likely be understood speaking on the street. Cheers, Fluenz
Yes. I just downloaded 123 today, and It works fine.
Hi! Thanks for you interest in Fluenz. We have several homeschool students that use our program. We typically recommend our program for ages 12 and up. However, we have many kids younger than this that use our program. The main factor in determining if it is a good fit for your child is their level of reading comprehension. If your child can do the demo, they will have no problem doing the program. You can view our free Spanish demo here: http://fluenz.com/languages/learn-latin-american-spanish/ If we can help further, please email us at: usersupport@fluenz.com Cheers, Fluenz User Support
No, this is an interactive program. Computer only.
That totally depends on the student and how much time they devote to it. Fluenz great program.
For the most part yes, the teacher is of Cuban descent.
Hi J, If the product is sold directly by Fluenz, then we guarantee that the product will work. However, if it is sold by a 3rd party, such as this case, there is no guarantee that it will work. In fact, many older versions will not work on newer computers. In addition, used copies do not come with any of our online features or support. We highly recommend that you purchase the program either from our site, or Amazon sold by us. If we can help further, please email us at usersupport@fluenz.com. Cheers!
I cannot answer... I bought this product thinking it would be easy to install and use. Frankly, it was not worth it and I still have not been able to figure it out. There is no manual, and their customer "non-service" speaks only computerese. So if you're a geek, go for it. But I cannot and have not been able to get the danged thing to work, and for the money they're charging, there should be a manual on how to use it with ALL music software. I'm an organist and harpsichordist... I shudder at when they will figure out harpsichords have more than 8' registers. Or that there are pedal harpsichords, period strings, brass, or woodwinds. Then there will be more to offer in a program that, from my point of view, is impossible to use. It was a total waste of money for me. Their sounds may be great (I have no idea!)... but it's a program designed by and for computer geeks, not musicians. If you have better luck with it, let me know.
This is the list of included string. Hope it helps. Strings Solo Stradivari Violin Solo Gagliano Violin Solo Guarneri Violin 9 Violins for Ensembles 1st Violin Section (12 Players) 2nd Violin Section (10 Players) Solo Viola 3 Violas for Ensembles Viola Section (10 Players) Solo Gofriller Cello Solo Montagnana Cello Solo Pierray Cello 9 Cellos for Ensembles Cello Section (8 Players) Solo Double Bass 3 Double Basses for Sections Double Bass Section (7 Players)
Use import function in Aria Player. Find your wav file folder. Use Files of Type Drop Down Box and select Any Type(*.*). Click open and file will convert to.sfk and it will show up in Aria Player. Add instruments the usual way.
Yes it is - and it is a great sounding product for the price. You will probably want to tweak the behaviors, but overall you should have little diffculty with it.
Yes, it works with Logic Pro X. Check out www.garritan.com. They have a blog post about working with GPO4 in Logic Pro X. This is both 32-bit and 64-bit.
Great software. Very easy to use. Very flexible
Hi N.V. Unfortunately, no. Storyist runs on Macs, iPads, and iPhones.
Not knowing what format you wish to import, I can only offer an example from one perspective. My editor requires everything in RTF, so I export it to her that way. When I receive the edits, they are still in RTF, but Storyist simply changes it back automatically. (I don't even have to import it) Storyist seems to support quite some range of formats, so I don't think it should be a problem. Hope I've helped to answer your question.
Hi enzolicious, Storyist is fulfilled by Amazon, which means they handle the shipping from their warehouses using their shipping system. They do ship to US addresses, so please contact Amazon customer support to find out what the issue is with your address. Storyist is also available from the Storyist website, so if you
I do not collect FDCs but I've been using EzStamp for several years and I could not manage my collection without using this program!! (And I have used several in the past. EzStamp, for each stamp in its database, allows entry of Grades, FDC, and PNCs. The FDC section allows for multiple cachets that you would enter in spreadsheet form. Fields provided are: FDC #, Description, Day Issued, FDC Maker, Comments, Value, Qty, Net Worth, Buy Date, Buy Price, Sell Date, Sell Price, Net Profit, Image Link, Location. Just from my quick look, it appears that Day Issued is the only supplied entry. I would think the program would be able to handle as many cachets as you would need. Hope this helps Roy
They do not automatically update. You need to load an upgrade and it is not free, although the price is fairly reasonable. It is recommended that you do this every other year or so. I agree with Stephen, Marios is fantastic with his customer support, it is second to none. I too highly recommend this software.
US and it's possessions only.
Hi Charles, EzStampis a native PC application. But, you can run EzStamp on your MAC. You will need a program called Virtual PC , Parallels, SoftWindows or iEmulator ( www.iemulator.com/ ) which will allow you to run almost any PC application on your MAC. You will also need a copy of WIndows ( XP, Vista or Win 7 ) We currently have over 1200 MAC users running our software in this way with no problems at all. You can download a FREE demo of Ezstamp to try on your MAC before you purchase from our website at http://www.ezstamp.com Another option is a program called Crossover ( at www.codeweavers.com ). It willlet you run many Win applications without actually having Windows. AlbumGen runs with Crossover. Let me know if you have any questions, regards Marios
I would contact the company with that question. I know it runs on 7 , xp and vista. Love the product as I stated.
Great program. Recommend that you keep a Scott's USA Specialized hand when using a great number of stamp look the same but are not. An error can make a $5.00 stamp worth $500.00 or the other way around. Take time to be sure what you are inputting and good luck.
Yes & yes. Hands down the best product of its kind. Good luck.
Presently databases from hundreds of countries, including the US, Japan, and most other nations are available. You can buy the US CD alone or you can buy CDs or DVDs for lots of countries. The advertised database in this case is for the US but you can go to the company's website and make other choices.
Hi, sure does. Runs on XP, Vista, Win 7, Win 8 & Win 10 flawlessly regards marios 705-254-6201
An extensive help system is integrated into the screens and a large .pdf manual is available from the Help menu. You can also get a demo here http://www.ezstamp.com/ezstamp/ezdemoarea.htm. The developer provides dozens of short videos to teach various techniques for features of the program. The help system has been developed over a couple of decades, so if you need help it is there. The developer also responds quickly to email questions and provides a link for that. A vast and well developed program covering most of the world.
I've not used delux for this purpose but even the basic product should support the entry of income and deductions for the rental property IF you know how it should be entered. Again, I'm guessing but based on how premeir went through for our rental property it asks a LOT of questions about expenses, etc. so you know what is deductible. So if you know what's what and where it should go it would probably work. You might even go online to turbotax and try out the package, it's free to enter data etc., you just can't view forms until you pay.
You can get TT w/o state at the Intuit site.
Robert, it looks like I have succeeded in transferring my 2008 online data to the 2009 desktop product. The online help is a little cryptic, but once you have saved a 2009 .tax file (mine actually had updated 2009 data since I was doing some preliminary work online) to your computer, you should choose Open Tax Return from the File menu of the desktop application. It kicks back to the transferring screen, but then it starts to transfer the data. It left me in the transferring screen with the button that look non-applicable, so I just clicked on the Personal Info or Federal Taxes tabs to get into the application. I hope this helps!
Deluxe has all of the forms you need, but Premier will walk you thru them in more detail and suggest deductions you may have overlooked. I used Premier for years due to rental income, but switched to Deluxe last year without any problems. You might want to get Premier for the first year, then downgrade to Deluxe for future years after you've identified the kinds of expenses that can be deducted from rental income.
Turbotax does not calculate wash sales. You have to calculate it yourself and import it into turbotax using a special format. I had the same issue. After some search I came across this product on download.com. At first glance, the interface does not look too fancy. But the report it generated was fantastic. It matches all my wash sales. What I like most about it is that all the matched wash sales are highlighted which makes the report very easy to read and I can doublecheck it myself. check it out: http://download.cnet.com/iScheduleD-Portfolio-Manager/3000-2047_4-75147579.html BTW, some guy left a review for this product. According to him, he compared the product's result with Gainskeeper and the numbers are all good. This is what he said, "Pros: If your an active trader, with multiple brokerage accounts or short positions, this is it. Although this product is categorized as a Portfolio Manager, it really is nothing like feature rich Portfolio Manager but thats a great thing at tax time. Cons: Not an extensive set of portfolio tools by any means. But in my mind this con is actually a strong point. Summary: Its tax time and this tool unlike any other I've seen offers the simplest way I've seen to bring multiple brokerage transactions together, with the ability to quickly modify the CSV files ahead of import for those special positions that require manual-cost basis adjustment. Nothing around I've found to do this, and I've looked extensively.I'll be recommending this to any of my friends that are active traders. Other portfolio tools are for bells and whistles. This is for getting your taxes done accurately and in the shortest time possible. Honestly, brokerages themselves provide extensive portfolio mangagement these days, and if not a Quicken like tool might be desired. But there are many basic tax entries that aren't easily manageable in any of these other tools. This product will quickly streamline imports from multiple brokers, generate your washes flawlessly and spit out 1 nice TXF file. The unlimited version is a great deal for the price. Have short positions that require cost-basis adjustment? This product doesn't natively do that, but its the only tool where since your importing CSV files, you simply add the dividends paid type costs right at the CSV level before import. Other tools are good at automatically recognizing corporate actions like stock dividends and splits. But need a manual adjustment for something like a ROC distribution paid. Your out of luck on the other products."
No, the software CD does not contain the state tax software. Each and every state must be downloaded after the federal tax software has been installed. If one buys TurboTax Federal and State, the first state tax software download is free. If your father does not have an Internet connection, he will not be able to update either the federal or the state software -- and Intuit is constantly updating its software until about late March. If I remember correctly, Intuit will send out CDs with all updates and the specific state(s) required if one calls their customer support line. I strongly suggest that you call Intuit and ask if they still support offline use of their software. TT will print out all forms needed to submit your tax return, whether federal or state, through the mail. The best approach in your situation might be to install the software on a laptop with an Internet connection, and then in late March, after applying all the software updates and downloading the required state(s), lend the laptop to your father for a day. An inexperienced TT user should be able to complete both the federal and state returns in about four hours or less in most cases.
TT Deluxe has all the forms for any stock/mutual fund investments. For most people Deluxe is more than enough. Intuit reccommends Premier version if you have Stock options or Employee Stock Purchase plan. But again I have found out that Deluxe can handle those situations also. Premer has extra interview questions and guidance for stock options or ESPP. I have used Premer for several years. This year I am dowgrading to Deluxe.
I am curious about this as well. I do not want to have to buy an additional state package if another person in my house needs to file.
I was wondering the same thing so I called Intuit. As far as I understand I can purchase the online version of TurboTax Deluxe 2009 Federal w/free e-file for $29.95. I live in Oregon so the online state version is $36.95 and comes w/free e-file for state taxes. Total $66.90 Looking around the web(amazon) and at local store specials the boxed, off the shelf version, "TurboTax Deluxe Federal + State 2009 + efile" is around $50.00. What I learned on the call to Intuit is that in this version the state e-filing is an extra cost. I did see another post regarding this fee. So the off the shelf/boxed version ~$50.00 + $19.95 for state e-file capability comes out to be approximately the same cost(+$3.05) as doing it online with online state e-file being "free." Total $69.95. Hope this helps. Obviously if you don't need the state version or mail in your state taxes then the boxed version is cheaper.
Downloaded TT2009 Deluxe yesterday onto my Mac. Got through the federal file just fine, saved it, and started the state download - then, poof! - it was gone! When I go back to the document file it tells me that the file cannot be opened because it was created with an older version of TT. Anyone else had this kind of problem? I know I used the current application, because it named the file for me and uses a ".tax2009" extension. I'm afraid to start over, because this might be a software issue vs. operator error. Tax time is bad enough without doing them over and over and over again...
I have had something similar over the years although not in childcare but pretty much the same amount etc. and have always used DELUXE-works fine for what I needed. Been using TT/Deluxe for over 10 yrs. now. No need to pay the excess $$ for the other versions for such a small amount of income.
http://turbotax.intuit.com/best-tax-software/why-choose-turbotax/start-now-finish-faster.jsp With the CD/Download version (as opposed to the online version), you get up to 5 federal efiles included at no extra cost. State efiles are $19.95 extra per efile.
If your question is "can you down load 2009 state using 2015 Turbo Tax", I don't believe so. I would call customer service at Turbo Tax (Google their number), to get assistance with that.
Yes, I have a Nuvi 50 and I purchased the Garmin City Navigator Europe NT Alps and Dach. It covered all of Germany, Salzburg, Innsbruck, northern part of Italy, most of northern Switz and the eastern portions of Holland, Belgium. It made the trip much less stressful (and I resided in Germany for 9 years). A suggestion, if you want to take the autobahns and the entrances are closed do to construction, go in and turn off "highways" (the Garmin will just keep going in circles back to the same point if you don't). When you find another entrance to the autobahn, turn "highways", back ON.
Since you insert the mini card when you arrive in Germany, I really can't tell while trying here in the US just now. It worked great for us from Berlin down to Frankfurt with intermittent detours along the way, including cities in France. I would expect it to work in Luxemburg also. Sorry I can be more definitive
Nope
The way the Micro SD / SD cards work is: Once you arrive (outside the US) you install the chip into your Garmin (all of the maps are on the Card and stay on the card they do not load onto your Garmin). Turn on your Garmin: The Garmin may or may not prompt you to choose the country you are in (it will take a few minutes for the Garmin to reboot and access the Garmin Satellite and verify your location. I have never heard of the maps needed to be unlocked? You may have to perform the actions above more than one time to get the chip to load on your garmin (once outside the US)
I do not know about your particular GPS model, but when I bought my City Navigator back in June 2014, I went to Garmin's web site, searched for City Navigator, and when I found this particular model, I saw a list of compatible devices. I looked on this web site: https://buy.garmin.com/en-US/US/maps/on-the-road-maps/city-navigator-nt/c452-c454-c496-p1.html. Good luck. It would be nice if Amazon had this information, wouldn't it?
Yes you can get an sd card. Garmin European cards come out every 2 years and the 2012 is much more reasonable in price than the 2014. We purchased a 2012 that covered Germany, Austria, and Switzerland.
Yes, it worked quite well including finding restaurants and gasoline.
I guess it would - mine is a Nuvi 255w, and I would guess there's not a huge difference between that and the 265w. The card is supposed to work in all Nuvi's.
No. Northern Italy only.
Do not know what your Nuvi2559 maps are like, but the City Navigator took me throughout Germany in big cities like Frankfurt to doorstep of addresses in Munich as well as small rural towns. It also worked super throughout Austria including finding small B&Bs in rural towns down small roads. Gave me speed limits and lane info which was very useful at Autobahn exchanges and turnoffs.
Hi Don, Thanks for your interest in Fluenz. If you purchase Fluenz from us, or Amazon sold by us, we'd be glad to provide you with a 4th license for the 4th person in your home. Please email us your order number once you have purchased, and we can help you with this. If you have any additional questions, please email us at: usersupport@fluenz.com Cheers, Misty, User Support
Fluenz has not required renewals to continue to have online access/instruction in the past, but they have recently added a notification that purchases come with 2 years of online access and they are working to extend that to lifetime access.
Positively, absolutely I would buy it again. It is still my favorite program. I just finished disc 1 out of 5 discs. There is a mountain of lessons on each disc. But I feel more confident about my learning Spanish. I still have Rosetta Stone, but I use Fluenz way more. And I liked it so much I bought a copy for my daughter.
Latin American. There is another version that is labeled 'Spain'. If you are nervous about ordering it, remember that it can be returned but you can also call Fluenz just to make sure you are getting the right one. That said, this is the Latin American version.
Hi Neil! Thanks for your interest in Fluenz. We understand that Android is a priority and we're working hard on developing the app. Please bear in mind that because Android Apps have to support so many different devices it takes work to get it right. We're aiming to have the Android App out to you before the end of the year and hopefully sooner. If we can help further, please email us at: usersupport@fluenz.com Cheers, Fluenz User Support
I'm studying disc 2 and they touch on the Preterite Tense. Haven't gotten beyond that.
You can use it on up to three. And you can always de authorize it on all and reset it. So if you had it on three computers, de authorize it and sign in on the computers you want it on.
Only for occasional software updates and the optional flashcards, which I recommend for vocabulary building. The main program runs from the disks.
Version 2
The activation key was within the shipped package, along with the discs.
There is no ability to scan sheet music.transposition and printing is excellent.
I am running MusicTime Deluxe 4 with Windows 7 professional on a Dell Optiplex GX 620 computer. I have had no troubles with the software. I checked to see if the computer was 64 bit compatible, and it is. Therefore MTD4 should run just fine.
Yes
Yes
I have no idea, sorry.
I bought my software before Windows 8 - is says for Windows XP or Vista. I don't know if they have a release where it may allow it to work on Windows 8
Now that I've figured out that I actually do have Windows 8.1, guess the next thing to do is try to make Encore work on it. Nothing really to lose by trying. Just need a LOT of time with nothing to do to prepare for all contingencies and emergencies.
Sorry, Mohammed - I am having a bear of a time just trying to get my Encore 5.0.2 to work properly (you have to exit the file and re-enter in order to edit mistakes, as if it forgot what it was doing right while you were working on a very delicate musical passage. It's a very nice program otherwise, but seems to be quite self-contained. A quick perusal of "Help" and "Open File As..." mentions nothing about PDF. Nor is there a Converter. The last posts I have seen when I Google "GVOX" or "Encore 5.0.2" are from around 2011. Tell you the truth, there are a lot of questions I would like to ask them.
Yes, it does. 32 bit
Fluenz teaches spoken Mandarin with pinyin.
I don't have a kid, but this program doesn't seem very kid friendly to me. It requires a lot of spelling, like spelling out the word/phrase/sentence you hear. So, my best answer would be no, but maybe someone with children would know better.
yes, I have been able to install on a laptop as well as a desktop computer.
Hi Amy,You have 3 activations for the program. You can install on separate computers or create separate user accounts on one computer and have each child access from their account accordingly. If you need further assistance, we'll be happy to help! You can contact us directly usersupport@fluenz.com Thanks!
I'm running Lion and it works great
Hi! Thank you for your question. I would recommend using the Fluenz program, but complimenting it with the book "Learn Chinese through Songs and Rhymes" by Lydia Lin. Fluenz will help you learn real world situations and advance your grammar, while "Learn Chinese through Songs and Rhymes" will give you additional supplementary vocabulary. If you need additional resources, we would be glad to help further. Feel free to call or email us at: usersupport@fluenz.com.
Maybe you already know this, but Pinyin is the official phonetic system for transcribing the Mandarin pronunciations of Chinese characters into the Latin alphabet in China, Taiwan and I am not sure if in any other country and/or region. Each character would equivalent to a letter and or more typically to syllable in terms of pronunciation for us westerners. The thing is that mandarin is a language based on tones as you may know by know-such is the case of the Vietnamese as well. To write it properly you have to take into account the tones as they are essential. To write the tones you have to use the keyboard pressing the key that corresponds to each tone/accent looking them up in the software menu. I hope this helps!
Not sure what you mean by the online portion. Also not aware of any time restrictions on it. You might be referring to the forums, where you can discuss problems, questions, etc. and download some extra materials, such as podcasts. Or you might be referring to the web-based version of the program, which is just that, a web-based replica of the program, that's available as a "go-anywhere" learning tool. So, a) I don't believe there's anything time limited in the system, online or otherwise. b) Nothing online is essential, and the only supplementary material can be downloaded all at once anyway.
No. It's all Pinyin and English.
I bought all 3.
Yes, it does.
is not the same on the pic, is one and they send me other one,
Yes, it does work with Windows 8.
Should convert the option is available on my version (switch sound file converter plus c 4.17)
I have tried emailing with my files converted into wav format and have had no problems. Wav format files are larger then mp3.
Does this product convert WMA audio files to MP3 format? We have uploaded digital voice recordings to file folders and I need to convert them to MP3 files to transmit to a client via email. Once converted, how big is the MP3 file on average. (1/2 hour recording) For transmission, they must be reduced.
Yes it is compatible with windows XP, which by the way I believe was one of Windows Best running systems, I have Windows 8 on one of my computers and really do not care for it ! I am running this current version of Microsoft Office on Windows 7 and Love it !
Yes. Yes it is.
No, A replacement computer doesn't count you can have it on a max of 3 computers at a time. I am on my 4th home computer 2nd laptop and have on 2in1. All of them I have used the same license. The only time I had any trouble was when my new computer crashed after a few months and I was given a replacement, I wasn't able to delete it from the old computer. One call to Microsoft and they gave me a license key to get it downloaded.
Yes, it can be used with Windows 8.1.
It does work with windows 8. No issues.
Yes, but first you need to "uninstall" the installation on the computer you don't need or want to have it on, and then you install on your new computer. That's what I did when my old laptop was going out on me - before it died completely - and installed on my desktop instead. If I would have NOT been able to uninstall it before my laptop died, maybe I would have had to call Microsoft tech support. Then when you first use the program, it asks you to unlock it. Just input the key (that amazon keeps on file for you so you never lose it) and it works perfectly!
No, BUT You can only use on 3 PC's
It does not. It has OneNote. Hope this helps.
What are you people talking about? My computer at work was exchanged for a brand new one, so I now have Office 2010 instead of 2003. All the old files, Excel & Word, can be opened and editied and saved in Office 2010. You can convert each file to 2010 (.xlsx for Excel) as you open them OR you can remain in "compatibility mode" and continue saving files as 97-2003 (.xls for Excel). Which is important at my job because the clerks on the network in the next room won't get 2010 for another six months or so, and therefore can't open the newly converted files and need access to the old ones...
This will work on both 64 bit and 32 bit computers, if that's your question.
Yes it is compatible with windows XP, which by the way I believe was one of Windows Best running systems, I have Windows 8 on one of my computers and really do not care for it ! I am running this current version of Microsoft Office on Windows 7 and Love it !
Yes. Yes it is.
No, A replacement computer doesn't count you can have it on a max of 3 computers at a time. I am on my 4th home computer 2nd laptop and have on 2in1. All of them I have used the same license. The only time I had any trouble was when my new computer crashed after a few months and I was given a replacement, I wasn't able to delete it from the old computer. One call to Microsoft and they gave me a license key to get it downloaded.
Yes, it can be used with Windows 8.1.
It does work with windows 8. No issues.
Yes, but first you need to "uninstall" the installation on the computer you don't need or want to have it on, and then you install on your new computer. That's what I did when my old laptop was going out on me - before it died completely - and installed on my desktop instead. If I would have NOT been able to uninstall it before my laptop died, maybe I would have had to call Microsoft tech support. Then when you first use the program, it asks you to unlock it. Just input the key (that amazon keeps on file for you so you never lose it) and it works perfectly!
No, BUT You can only use on 3 PC's
It does not. It has OneNote. Hope this helps.
What are you people talking about? My computer at work was exchanged for a brand new one, so I now have Office 2010 instead of 2003. All the old files, Excel & Word, can be opened and editied and saved in Office 2010. You can convert each file to 2010 (.xlsx for Excel) as you open them OR you can remain in "compatibility mode" and continue saving files as 97-2003 (.xls for Excel). Which is important at my job because the clerks on the network in the next room won't get 2010 for another six months or so, and therefore can't open the newly converted files and need access to the old ones...
This will work on both 64 bit and 32 bit computers, if that's your question.
There were various calendars in the software but they seem to all be templates - none of which I could work with. I was looking to make a customized 11X17 calendar which I could fold and staple. I saw no way this program could even come close to fitting my needs. I'm not the brightest guy in the world - but I'm no dummy either. This limited software did not even meet my minimal expectations.
It did not work with Windows 64/2007, with 8.1 I don't know
No
I can not even get mine to install ! :(
I am sorry I am not sure I understand your question. Do you mean in the printed calendars or within the software screen representation of the events?
Sorry, I have not tried to do that.
I would not recommend this product - per Tech support user must have Admin privileges in order to use it. Don't know about Win8 however, sorry
the one I have isn't
Yes, it does.
I re-installed version 4, because 5 kept crashing in windows 7. 5 was not better than 4 either.
I don't know, I never got that message.
By ''papers" do you mean background images to be printed on the paper? You can use any image you have on your computer. You do have to make sure if you are going to use it as a background it is a high quality image so that it keeps the orginal perspective when used as a design or background in the program. Hope I was able to answer your question. I absolutely LOVE this program!! My friends, family, and neighbors love it as well! There are never ending options with it!!
I don't have windows 8.
Yes it does.
There is a option when is expire that says renew there gives you a option to enter the new product key if it's a new install it will ask you for the new key remember to run live update after entering the new key and if you are not able to use your key access your Norton account website and enter it there hope you are able to make it work if not send me a message
I wondered about the difference too. I looked on Symantec.com where they have comparison lists of their products. The only difference between Norton 360 version 4 regular and Premier Edition is that the regular version comes with 2 gigabytes of online storage and the Premier version comes with 25 gigabytes of online storage. You pay a premium price for online storage :)
No. I tried tonight and even called customer service. The guy told me to enter a credit card number even though I had money on my gift card, I ended up buying the cd instead.
The Office 2010 line of products will run on XP. There may be a couple of features that are not enabled when installed on the XP platform but most people will never miss them.
Yes, it can. I've replaced my laptop and desktop once since I got O2007 and the only thing I had to do is call an 800# and an automated system activated it for me without any hassle. It's pretty painless. I'd assume O2010 works the same way. Also had replaced a machine since Win7 was installed and it was the same painless process.
It does work on Windows 8. I cannot remember the issue at the time, but I did have to call tech support for a fix. Windows 8 was brand new at the time and whatever the problem was, it was a quick fix and I suspect it's already been updated.
I installed it on a laptop and and a pc. I don't think it makes a difference. You get two installs. Shouldn't be a problem.
Use the "Save as" option that allows you selecting the version of the software you wish to use. For example, a file previously created using Word 97, can be saved as MS Word 97 type of file. The same applies to Excel files created with previous versions of MS Office. Hope this helps.
In Word there are templates for labels, however, I have never used it.
I do not recall what the software says, but I am using it on my 64 bit PC with no problems.
Full Version
It means two PCS of any kind. Two desktops, two laptops or any combination thereof. Roland
I had a similar problem attempting to transfer the outlook 2010 for PC to outlook 2011 for MAC. I have the CSV file on my desktop and am gradually overtime adding names etc to my 2011 outlook.
The Office 2010 line of products will run on XP. There may be a couple of features that are not enabled when installed on the XP platform but most people will never miss them.
Yes, it can. I've replaced my laptop and desktop once since I got O2007 and the only thing I had to do is call an 800# and an automated system activated it for me without any hassle. It's pretty painless. I'd assume O2010 works the same way. Also had replaced a machine since Win7 was installed and it was the same painless process.
It does work on Windows 8. I cannot remember the issue at the time, but I did have to call tech support for a fix. Windows 8 was brand new at the time and whatever the problem was, it was a quick fix and I suspect it's already been updated.
I installed it on a laptop and and a pc. I don't think it makes a difference. You get two installs. Shouldn't be a problem.
Use the "Save as" option that allows you selecting the version of the software you wish to use. For example, a file previously created using Word 97, can be saved as MS Word 97 type of file. The same applies to Excel files created with previous versions of MS Office. Hope this helps.
In Word there are templates for labels, however, I have never used it.
I do not recall what the software says, but I am using it on my 64 bit PC with no problems.
Full Version
It means two PCS of any kind. Two desktops, two laptops or any combination thereof. Roland
I had a similar problem attempting to transfer the outlook 2010 for PC to outlook 2011 for MAC. I have the CSV file on my desktop and am gradually overtime adding names etc to my 2011 outlook.
Yes, it does work with Windows 8. I had no problem installing and Microsoft Office 2010 works beautifully for me on it.
Yes, it is compatible with Win 7. I'm running it against Win 7 (64 bit) on two machines with no problems.
I am just a casual user of Word and Publisher. The advantage of keeping with the version that you are currently using is that you probably are familiar enough with it that you know how to do what you need to do. Every upgrade has enough changes to the user interface that it is a pain to have to learn how to the same results with the new version. The only time I upgrade is when the people that I interface with upgrade. I upgraded to Publisher 2007 when the printer that I work with upgraded and no longer supported my previous version. So my advice is to not upgrade unless you have a specific reason to do so. With a new computer I always go with the latest version just because it usually also has an upgraded operating system and I will be having to learn all over again how to do even simple things anyway. If you are sharing files with others, you may need to upgrade just for compatibility.
Yes
Hi Troy. I'm not sure about Office 2010 pro working on XP. I know both Office 2013 and 365 will not. I just checked. Yes it will, but apparently, only the 32 bit os. Hope this helps out. Good programs!
Yes - It works fine.
Good evening. Microsoft Office Professional 2010 is the "Big" intergrated version of Works. I used works in college and found it great. Office professional 2010 does not include "Works". it has everything else you could possibly want or need in an total integrated software package. Hope this answers your query.
It means you can install the software on up to two computers that connect through the same internet provider. In other words they must be in the same household. You can't share with a friend.
Yes, MS Office Professional includes Access, Word, Excel, Powerpoint, OneNote, Outlook, and Publisher. But be careful because there is a lot or pirates that are selling unauthenic software.
It probably depends on what license you have now, but here is what happened to me (below). If you have a box, then you're like me, but if OEM or download? My guess is that it will carry forward whatever type license you have with 2007. It turns out that I read my MSLT as it is called now (Microsoft Licensing Terms) from my installed Office 2007 PRO Upgrade I got from Amazon a couple months ago, and my 2007 PRO Upgrade said 3 PC's, and not one desktop and one laptop. But... When I downloaded 2010, the Office 2010 free download site gave me a new FPP key (full packaged product?) to use for installing it later. You can't get the download unless you install 2007 and get that id from inside the running product, but you can install the 2010 later using the new product key the site gives you. I believe that this is to get us to install 2007 by a certain deadline. It worked on me. But, it looks like the 2010 Office is back to a desktop/laptop again... I found this in a Microsoft pdf on the internet titled... MICROSOFT SOFTWARE LICENSE TERMS (This is for the FPP type (box not oem nor download) key that my 2007 had and my 2010 key has...) MICROSOFT OFFICE 2010 DESKTOP APPLICATION SOFTWARE 2. INSTALLATION AND USE RIGHTS. a. One Copy per Device. You may install one copy of the software on one device. That device is the "licensed device." b. Licensed Device. You may only use one copy of the software on the licensed device at a time. c. Portable Device. You may install another copy of the software on a portable device for use by the single primary user of the licensed device. My 2007 PRO upgrade I got from Amazon said 3 devices. Go figure. I found some 2007's cheaper on ebay, but I have figured out they are not US, or used, etc. Beware! Good luck!
Yes, it does work with Windows 8. I had no problem installing and Microsoft Office 2010 works beautifully for me on it.
Yes, it is compatible with Win 7. I'm running it against Win 7 (64 bit) on two machines with no problems.
I am just a casual user of Word and Publisher. The advantage of keeping with the version that you are currently using is that you probably are familiar enough with it that you know how to do what you need to do. Every upgrade has enough changes to the user interface that it is a pain to have to learn how to the same results with the new version. The only time I upgrade is when the people that I interface with upgrade. I upgraded to Publisher 2007 when the printer that I work with upgraded and no longer supported my previous version. So my advice is to not upgrade unless you have a specific reason to do so. With a new computer I always go with the latest version just because it usually also has an upgraded operating system and I will be having to learn all over again how to do even simple things anyway. If you are sharing files with others, you may need to upgrade just for compatibility.
Yes
Hi Troy. I'm not sure about Office 2010 pro working on XP. I know both Office 2013 and 365 will not. I just checked. Yes it will, but apparently, only the 32 bit os. Hope this helps out. Good programs!
Yes - It works fine.
Good evening. Microsoft Office Professional 2010 is the "Big" intergrated version of Works. I used works in college and found it great. Office professional 2010 does not include "Works". it has everything else you could possibly want or need in an total integrated software package. Hope this answers your query.
It means you can install the software on up to two computers that connect through the same internet provider. In other words they must be in the same household. You can't share with a friend.
Yes, MS Office Professional includes Access, Word, Excel, Powerpoint, OneNote, Outlook, and Publisher. But be careful because there is a lot or pirates that are selling unauthenic software.
It probably depends on what license you have now, but here is what happened to me (below). If you have a box, then you're like me, but if OEM or download? My guess is that it will carry forward whatever type license you have with 2007. It turns out that I read my MSLT as it is called now (Microsoft Licensing Terms) from my installed Office 2007 PRO Upgrade I got from Amazon a couple months ago, and my 2007 PRO Upgrade said 3 PC's, and not one desktop and one laptop. But... When I downloaded 2010, the Office 2010 free download site gave me a new FPP key (full packaged product?) to use for installing it later. You can't get the download unless you install 2007 and get that id from inside the running product, but you can install the 2010 later using the new product key the site gives you. I believe that this is to get us to install 2007 by a certain deadline. It worked on me. But, it looks like the 2010 Office is back to a desktop/laptop again... I found this in a Microsoft pdf on the internet titled... MICROSOFT SOFTWARE LICENSE TERMS (This is for the FPP type (box not oem nor download) key that my 2007 had and my 2010 key has...) MICROSOFT OFFICE 2010 DESKTOP APPLICATION SOFTWARE 2. INSTALLATION AND USE RIGHTS. a. One Copy per Device. You may install one copy of the software on one device. That device is the "licensed device." b. Licensed Device. You may only use one copy of the software on the licensed device at a time. c. Portable Device. You may install another copy of the software on a portable device for use by the single primary user of the licensed device. My 2007 PRO upgrade I got from Amazon said 3 devices. Go figure. I found some 2007's cheaper on ebay, but I have figured out they are not US, or used, etc. Beware! Good luck!
I purchased Photoshop several years ago as a student and have purchased an upgrade as a non-student. It all worked just fine. Unless Adobe has changed their policy, the "student pricing" is simply a price break for the student and not a "lite" version of their software.
If you don't own an older version, then you have to buy the full version. When LR 4 comes out, you can upgrade at the lower price, but you have to start with a full version.
phil, Adobe Lightroom has two main components: it's editing software that can perform some basic, non-destructive edits (which means it's really saving not the edited image but a list of edits you made that are imposed upon your original image file each time you see it in Lightroom), and it's also database software which keeps track of your images: where they are on your hard drive to quickly help you find them later, any keywords or ratings you've attached to them, and so on. You could open Lightroom and say: "Show me all the photos I keyworded 'Angela' plus 'Fred' plus 'beach,' to help you track down one elusive image you're hunting for. The database component of Lightroom is very much like Apple iTunes, if you're familiar with that. iTunes keeps track of where to find your music files on your hard drive. And just as with music files you have imported into iTunes, when it comes to image files that you have imported into Lightroom, it's very important to move them using the Lightroom application, rather than moving them with Windows Explorer or the Mac OS, whatever you have. Database software stores pointers to tell it where to find a file. If you move a file with your OS instead of within the database program, the database "pointer is broken" because the file isn't where it's supposed to be. You are given an opportunity to tell the database program where the file is, but if you can't do that, you can no longer play your music file in iTunes or see your photo file in Lightroom. These programs do have command sequences for Moving an image file or folder to a new catalog location on your hard drive, if you want, and that's always the best way to do it, if you haven't thought far enough ahead to plan out your system for storing image files before you import them. In Lightroom, you can also edit a file in another photo-editing application such as Photoshop. Lightroom will look and see if you have Photoshop installed when Lightroom is installed. With applications it doesn't see, you just right-click the file icon in Lightroom and select Edit In &gt; [browse to the application's .exe file location on your hard drive], and it opens a virtual copy of the image file in that application. When you're done editing there, you save and close the file, and you're returned to Lightroom where you can make additional changes to your virtual copy in Lightroom. I've taken images I first imported into Lightroom and done additional edits in Photoshop CS and with Paint Shop Pro, doing things Lightroom can't do, and it works quite well that way.
Yes,l this was the full version, not an upgrade. This is now several versions old. You may want to look for version 4 or 5.
Amazon does not charge tax except in a very few states.
I have Aperture 3 and just developed a problem with a memory storage glitch which seems to have plagued other users also. Now I cannot download any more photos. I am looking for an alternative. Google "Aperture 3 memory leak" and read for yourself.
No, it's identical to the full retail version. The difference is in the licensing and who is eligible for a student & teacher edition. If you qualify, you will be required to provide proof to Adobe. Also, the student & teacher edition does not include a license key. Instead, you must contact Adobe, furnish proof of your student or teach status, and they will provide you with a key. http://www.adobe.com/education/students/studentteacheredition/eligibility.html
I really think that lightroom would be best. it looks like fantastic software that's centered around cool color, hue, contrast etc. affects, unlike photoshop that is mostly used to physically change the image itself, rather than alter it. Maybe you don't understand what i mean, but still, there are plenty of other reasons to get lightroom. Because you have used film, i think that you would like lightroom, because there are many features focused on different film types. That's just one cool feature. i highly recommend watching the videos on amazon, which i found very informative and useful. If you still can't decide, i would just base my decision off the price.
They are two very different products and they complement each other very nicely. Lightroom is great for workflow, editing lots of images in a short time. Photoshop works with lightroom to make the deeper edits to images that need that second step of editing. It's not that a ton can be done in LightRoom that PS can't do, it's more of a workflow and speed thing. LR is an amazing program that can handle 90% of the updates / image corrections you will want to make as a photographer.
You only need 64 bit if you are running the 64-bit version of Windows 7. Lightroom will install on 64-bit or 32-bit.
I purchased Photoshop several years ago as a student and have purchased an upgrade as a non-student. It all worked just fine. Unless Adobe has changed their policy, the "student pricing" is simply a price break for the student and not a "lite" version of their software.
If you don't own an older version, then you have to buy the full version. When LR 4 comes out, you can upgrade at the lower price, but you have to start with a full version.
phil, Adobe Lightroom has two main components: it's editing software that can perform some basic, non-destructive edits (which means it's really saving not the edited image but a list of edits you made that are imposed upon your original image file each time you see it in Lightroom), and it's also database software which keeps track of your images: where they are on your hard drive to quickly help you find them later, any keywords or ratings you've attached to them, and so on. You could open Lightroom and say: "Show me all the photos I keyworded 'Angela' plus 'Fred' plus 'beach,' to help you track down one elusive image you're hunting for. The database component of Lightroom is very much like Apple iTunes, if you're familiar with that. iTunes keeps track of where to find your music files on your hard drive. And just as with music files you have imported into iTunes, when it comes to image files that you have imported into Lightroom, it's very important to move them using the Lightroom application, rather than moving them with Windows Explorer or the Mac OS, whatever you have. Database software stores pointers to tell it where to find a file. If you move a file with your OS instead of within the database program, the database "pointer is broken" because the file isn't where it's supposed to be. You are given an opportunity to tell the database program where the file is, but if you can't do that, you can no longer play your music file in iTunes or see your photo file in Lightroom. These programs do have command sequences for Moving an image file or folder to a new catalog location on your hard drive, if you want, and that's always the best way to do it, if you haven't thought far enough ahead to plan out your system for storing image files before you import them. In Lightroom, you can also edit a file in another photo-editing application such as Photoshop. Lightroom will look and see if you have Photoshop installed when Lightroom is installed. With applications it doesn't see, you just right-click the file icon in Lightroom and select Edit In &gt; [browse to the application's .exe file location on your hard drive], and it opens a virtual copy of the image file in that application. When you're done editing there, you save and close the file, and you're returned to Lightroom where you can make additional changes to your virtual copy in Lightroom. I've taken images I first imported into Lightroom and done additional edits in Photoshop CS and with Paint Shop Pro, doing things Lightroom can't do, and it works quite well that way.
Yes,l this was the full version, not an upgrade. This is now several versions old. You may want to look for version 4 or 5.
Amazon does not charge tax except in a very few states.
I have Aperture 3 and just developed a problem with a memory storage glitch which seems to have plagued other users also. Now I cannot download any more photos. I am looking for an alternative. Google "Aperture 3 memory leak" and read for yourself.
No, it's identical to the full retail version. The difference is in the licensing and who is eligible for a student & teacher edition. If you qualify, you will be required to provide proof to Adobe. Also, the student & teacher edition does not include a license key. Instead, you must contact Adobe, furnish proof of your student or teach status, and they will provide you with a key. http://www.adobe.com/education/students/studentteacheredition/eligibility.html
I really think that lightroom would be best. it looks like fantastic software that's centered around cool color, hue, contrast etc. affects, unlike photoshop that is mostly used to physically change the image itself, rather than alter it. Maybe you don't understand what i mean, but still, there are plenty of other reasons to get lightroom. Because you have used film, i think that you would like lightroom, because there are many features focused on different film types. That's just one cool feature. i highly recommend watching the videos on amazon, which i found very informative and useful. If you still can't decide, i would just base my decision off the price.
They are two very different products and they complement each other very nicely. Lightroom is great for workflow, editing lots of images in a short time. Photoshop works with lightroom to make the deeper edits to images that need that second step of editing. It's not that a ton can be done in LightRoom that PS can't do, it's more of a workflow and speed thing. LR is an amazing program that can handle 90% of the updates / image corrections you will want to make as a photographer.
You only need 64 bit if you are running the 64-bit version of Windows 7. Lightroom will install on 64-bit or 32-bit.
this software is crap please do not buy it
Do not know if it will work with 8.1 but do not recommend it for any platform.
Yes, but if you ever want to go back to the earlier version you won't be able to reverse the process. I hope that helps.
If you are talking about event entries for 2015, the answer is yes. I already have many appointments for 2015 entered. There are other issues with it and they are posted in an earlier comment. I still use it, however.
Do not know about iMac but it does work with Windows 7 64 bit.
yes, if you use the advance repeat rule & paste the appropriate function into your event description (i.e. Mom's &birthday), use the birth year as the start date and repeat annually. The flaw in CC is that it doesn't have an email reminder feature as far as I've researched and tried to do, yet online calendars don't have the count feature in the recent times I've tried to find one.
This is the full product. There is no requirement to have an earlier version. If you buy a serial number card you don't get a boxed product. In that case you have to download it and activate it with the serial number on the card. You can download 2010 and try it out for free. The free express version has no time limit but some features are missing.
Correct. Visual Studio PRO with MSDN Subscription can be Processed + Activated for UK in Europe. Please Contact SaveintheUSA to Review VS MSDN Subscription + Benefits. 1-800-900-1008 : Jon : SaveintheUSA
The old version of visual studio 2010 is the initial released version. The updates are missing. Once installed, Microsoft should provide the updates as long as you own it.
I don't see why it wouldn't work, I've never used VideoStudio x4 but I assume it would. If not the dazzle should come with Pinnacle studio. As a side, remember that this product uses s-video cables or composite so the quality will only be as good as those wires allow.
Only if you use AV or S video wire.
If you're still curious this only has the 3 RCA outputs Red,White,and Yellow. I record from my PS3 and have to go to the AV settings =( I am not sure though if you can get some sort of add-on where you can record from components.
Try looking at the hauppauge hd pvr
I was never able to get it to work with windows 8.1. Had internet help and they were not able to get it to work. I returned to Amazon for a refund which they did. I returned to HP a new computer I had just purchased it had Windows 8.1 on it. I am now in the act of purchasing a new computer that runs windows 7. I have had excellent results winth pinnacle 14 computer George on a windows 7
Use the latest version
Its a signal conversion and transmitting device. Cant record videos.
Yes it is, outputs 1395 usb and rca worka grate
6-pin.
Comes with one year warranty
I have done this using the old Studio Movie Box and loading it into my desktop with Pinnacle 14. But I must say as I remember I had problems with getting Pinnacle to recognize the devise. I did do a lot of this when I had earlier versions of Pinnacle. The newer ones don't seem to cooperate. I hope this is of some help.
I received the original package. nothing missing.
Forget it. I used it once and tossed it.
Sorry, can't tell you. I used this item one time to transfer video from a Sony Hi 8 cam recorder to a dvd disk, it worked fine for that. I haven't used it for two or more years. Hope that helps.
Yes, it includes a starter version of Pinnacle 14 software with free plug-ins when you register it.
I have it installed in my laptop with Windows 7 64bit. I suppose both operating systems can handle it. If it is your intention to record your old VHS via RCA cable you can use the Pinnacle Studio 14 software included. However if you want to use it to connect your digital camera with firewire cable you better use another software included with the camera such as Sony PMB, not only because Pinnacle is too slow but also because it does not register the dates and other digital information of the recordings.
Yes, Microsoft Office works with Windows 7. I use excel and word often, and have had no problems.
Yes it does work on windows vista!
I didn't have MS Office preloaded. The key is for the online download of the product. Just make sure to follow the directions and you will be able to download the full version of MS Office.
Microsoft Office 2010 and Microsoft Office 2013 will run on Windows XP machines, Vista machines, Windows 7 machines and Windows 8 machines. This includes all variants of these machines. It will not run on the tablet versions of the Windows 8 universe. By tablet I am referring to the different processor architecture Of Windows 8 RT. For example, if you have a Windows Surface Tablet, it will not load or run, however the Windows Surface Tablet comes with Office 2013 preinstalled. If you have a Windows Surface Pro, this software and the Office 2013 software works great! Hope this helps.
Yes
In a word, yes. All editions of Microsoft Office 2010 run on any edition of Windows XP, Vista, 7 or 8. Since you have a 64-bit operating system, note the following quote from the amazon.com listing: "5. This product includes both 32- and 64-bit versions for a single computer. Microsoft recommends the 32-bit version, which runs great on both 32- and 64-bit versions of Windows. People who use very large documents that need more than 2 GB of memory may want to run the 64-bit version, but many common add-ins for Office don't run correctly in the 64-bit version."
I really don't know but I think you would have to . Go to control panel and add and remove programs go in there and remove.
I did not download directly because I was not sure of what would happen if I made errors. But the Key card allows you to download the program by entering the Product Key Number. After downloading and installing the program, keep the The Product Key Card in case somehow you loose your program due to virus or buying a new computer, etc. You keep the key card to download and install the program again.When you get the product key, they also offer you the disk for about $12.00 or $13.00. Addy
Yes
Yes there is no Outlook for 2010. I do not know how long this will be supported as 2013 is already out and on the market. From what I have read on the Microsoft official sites you should definitely have no worry for at least another two years or more for this program becoming obsolete as many businesses still use this as well to work with their VPN's and current hardware.
Yes, Microsoft Office works with Windows 7. I use excel and word often, and have had no problems.
Yes it does work on windows vista!
I didn't have MS Office preloaded. The key is for the online download of the product. Just make sure to follow the directions and you will be able to download the full version of MS Office.
Microsoft Office 2010 and Microsoft Office 2013 will run on Windows XP machines, Vista machines, Windows 7 machines and Windows 8 machines. This includes all variants of these machines. It will not run on the tablet versions of the Windows 8 universe. By tablet I am referring to the different processor architecture Of Windows 8 RT. For example, if you have a Windows Surface Tablet, it will not load or run, however the Windows Surface Tablet comes with Office 2013 preinstalled. If you have a Windows Surface Pro, this software and the Office 2013 software works great! Hope this helps.
Yes
In a word, yes. All editions of Microsoft Office 2010 run on any edition of Windows XP, Vista, 7 or 8. Since you have a 64-bit operating system, note the following quote from the amazon.com listing: "5. This product includes both 32- and 64-bit versions for a single computer. Microsoft recommends the 32-bit version, which runs great on both 32- and 64-bit versions of Windows. People who use very large documents that need more than 2 GB of memory may want to run the 64-bit version, but many common add-ins for Office don't run correctly in the 64-bit version."
I really don't know but I think you would have to . Go to control panel and add and remove programs go in there and remove.
I did not download directly because I was not sure of what would happen if I made errors. But the Key card allows you to download the program by entering the Product Key Number. After downloading and installing the program, keep the The Product Key Card in case somehow you loose your program due to virus or buying a new computer, etc. You keep the key card to download and install the program again.When you get the product key, they also offer you the disk for about $12.00 or $13.00. Addy
Yes
Yes there is no Outlook for 2010. I do not know how long this will be supported as 2013 is already out and on the market. From what I have read on the Microsoft official sites you should definitely have no worry for at least another two years or more for this program becoming obsolete as many businesses still use this as well to work with their VPN's and current hardware.
On my box is says Explore 7 or later, 32-bit browser only. Thank you
Yes, it will work with Windows 8 or 8.1 For future checking: http://www.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/compatibility/CompatCenter/Home
No
Yes
came in a box and one license.
Not sure if your Mac is a windows system. If you use MSWORD MS Excel then it might be.
Mine came with a disk and 3 downloads. Good to have extra downloads in case of. Computer crash.
No
If it's the same one that I have, it's a disk. It's a full version of the software with disk and key inside the box.
Yes you can.
Yes
I am running Windows7 and MS Word 2010 and they both work well together.
It is a little card that holds the license key (number) so you can register the application and get support and updates from Microsoft.
I just tried to open a DOC from WPS i right clicked on the doc showed open with which gave me options of Adobe, word, works word processer, i clicked on word and it brought it up, hope this works for you, let me know if that helped, if not i will try to find the correct solution, good luck
I bought the disk (DVD -- note) and loaded the software to my PC... installed it to the hard disk; I prefer the disk as when I change or upgrade PCs I can reload the software -- after telling Microsoft what I am doing so they don't think I am installing a single-license version on 2 PCs. Please note that it is a DVD and does not load thru a CD-ROM. MS Word 2010 is also the last version of Word that runs on XP SP3.. Be sure of what you are buying -- disk or download; see seller's comments on whether the box/package was opened or not -- that means disk. the Word 2013 version needs Windows 7 or 8 .... Jay
As many PC's as you want. Normally i would do one for now. Then try another computer to make sure if can work on that computer. Hope This Helped. Rogness
That is right it will work on windows 8.1. Bud :D
Yes
I bought a copy of 2010 for three computers. if you bought a copy that is only licensed for one computer, then that is all you can download: one computer.
Yes.
Yes
I am running Windows7 and MS Word 2010 and they both work well together.
It is a little card that holds the license key (number) so you can register the application and get support and updates from Microsoft.
I just tried to open a DOC from WPS i right clicked on the doc showed open with which gave me options of Adobe, word, works word processer, i clicked on word and it brought it up, hope this works for you, let me know if that helped, if not i will try to find the correct solution, good luck
I bought the disk (DVD -- note) and loaded the software to my PC... installed it to the hard disk; I prefer the disk as when I change or upgrade PCs I can reload the software -- after telling Microsoft what I am doing so they don't think I am installing a single-license version on 2 PCs. Please note that it is a DVD and does not load thru a CD-ROM. MS Word 2010 is also the last version of Word that runs on XP SP3.. Be sure of what you are buying -- disk or download; see seller's comments on whether the box/package was opened or not -- that means disk. the Word 2013 version needs Windows 7 or 8 .... Jay
As many PC's as you want. Normally i would do one for now. Then try another computer to make sure if can work on that computer. Hope This Helped. Rogness
That is right it will work on windows 8.1. Bud :D
Yes
I bought a copy of 2010 for three computers. if you bought a copy that is only licensed for one computer, then that is all you can download: one computer.
Yes.
Only one.
Works great!
I don't use 2010 but I have Publisher 2000 and there is not a lot of difference between those two. You do get more templates. But to buy 2013 if you already have 2010, I don't think you will get that much more.
I have made decent brochures and flyers. It is amazingly easy to use.
Tony, You can save files from Publisher 2003 into the 2012 software but you can't save the 2010 into the 2003. I prefer to work with Publisher over Word because it's easier to use and is user friendly.
Don't think so - it's a great editing tool but I think Microsoft Frontpage was their big tool for web work.
No. Purchased alone, it will operate without MS Office.
It works fine for me on Vista Dave P
Microsoft discontinued selling stand-alone products such as Publisher; if you want it you will need to get the entire package (rather expensive) which, incidentally, no longer comes on a CD hence is almost impossible to install by yourself. I can't address the compatibility - I just don't know. In the end it was a very expensive lesson for me. I wish you the best of luck!
I am sure there are different ways to get the program; however, speaking for myself, I got discs with this installation. You just need to read the seller's specs on that point very carefully.
Only one.
Works great!
I don't use 2010 but I have Publisher 2000 and there is not a lot of difference between those two. You do get more templates. But to buy 2013 if you already have 2010, I don't think you will get that much more.
I have made decent brochures and flyers. It is amazingly easy to use.
Tony, You can save files from Publisher 2003 into the 2012 software but you can't save the 2010 into the 2003. I prefer to work with Publisher over Word because it's easier to use and is user friendly.
Don't think so - it's a great editing tool but I think Microsoft Frontpage was their big tool for web work.
No. Purchased alone, it will operate without MS Office.
It works fine for me on Vista Dave P
Microsoft discontinued selling stand-alone products such as Publisher; if you want it you will need to get the entire package (rather expensive) which, incidentally, no longer comes on a CD hence is almost impossible to install by yourself. I can't address the compatibility - I just don't know. In the end it was a very expensive lesson for me. I wish you the best of luck!
I am sure there are different ways to get the program; however, speaking for myself, I got discs with this installation. You just need to read the seller's specs on that point very carefully.
I have exactly the same question.Microsoft Access 2010
it's both - if I remember correctly it will try to figure out what version to use - defaulting to 32-bit, even if you have a x64 OS. Obviously will not install x64 version if you are running 32-bit OS. I'm going from memory and I use a lot of versions (eOpen, H&B (box/license only), OEM, both 32 & 64 bit)
my copy allowed two computers to use the license
It works just fine on Windows 8 and prevously on Windows SE for me. Should not be a problem with W 7.
Yes it is the full version.
Hello there! You would have to select overnight shipping if it is available.
Yes
Yes, I have loaded it on my laptop - and used it for some years
In the list of requirements the only reference to Windows Vista is "Windows Vista with SP1". I'll let you take it from there.
I do not use Outlook but I have found a website that might explain what you are looking for: http://office.microsoft.com/en-us/access-help/share-data-between-access-2010-and-outlook-2010-HA102483932.aspx
I have exactly the same question.Microsoft Access 2010
it's both - if I remember correctly it will try to figure out what version to use - defaulting to 32-bit, even if you have a x64 OS. Obviously will not install x64 version if you are running 32-bit OS. I'm going from memory and I use a lot of versions (eOpen, H&B (box/license only), OEM, both 32 & 64 bit)
my copy allowed two computers to use the license
It works just fine on Windows 8 and prevously on Windows SE for me. Should not be a problem with W 7.
Yes it is the full version.
Hello there! You would have to select overnight shipping if it is available.
Yes
Yes, I have loaded it on my laptop - and used it for some years
In the list of requirements the only reference to Windows Vista is "Windows Vista with SP1". I'll let you take it from there.
I do not use Outlook but I have found a website that might explain what you are looking for: http://office.microsoft.com/en-us/access-help/share-data-between-access-2010-and-outlook-2010-HA102483932.aspx
Yes this version will work on XP and no you do not have to have MS Office to run it
Okay, I found a better answer here: http://www.ergonomicssimplified.com/tips/graphics-tablet. To quote the page: "Graphic tablets are a great option for programs such as home photo and video editing in addition to professional programs such as Powerpoint, Illustrator, Visio, etc." Basically, the pen and tablet serve as your mouse when it is plugged into the USB. So, the tip of the pen guides your cursor around your screen in relationship to where the tip hoovers over the pad. When the pen comes in contact with the pad while moving, it is the same as when you choose a spot with your cursor, then click and drag your mouse. This would work best for marking up Visio diagrams in red the way you described using the Ink Toolbar with your graphics tablet activated. http://office.microsoft.com/en-us/visio-help/about-using-ink-in-visio-HP001049615.aspx You can program a function on your tablet (hot key, pen button, etc.) to release control of the cursor back to the mouse when you are done so you can quickly switch back to the mouse to perform any additional functions (i.e. saving, renaming, then sending the file in an email) the way you are used to doing them. But don't forget to turn off the pens with a manual switch when you do this or you will kill the battery quick! Hope this helps!
Yes.
Yes
The older versions seem to work quite well. You have to move some Shapes to the new version and you can download shapes. Otherwise old files work well.
That is a good question. I believe you can only install it on one computer. But I do not have more than one computer to install it on to confirm that.
Couldn't say. Hubby is running it on Windows 7.
Yes this version will work on XP and no you do not have to have MS Office to run it
Okay, I found a better answer here: http://www.ergonomicssimplified.com/tips/graphics-tablet. To quote the page: "Graphic tablets are a great option for programs such as home photo and video editing in addition to professional programs such as Powerpoint, Illustrator, Visio, etc." Basically, the pen and tablet serve as your mouse when it is plugged into the USB. So, the tip of the pen guides your cursor around your screen in relationship to where the tip hoovers over the pad. When the pen comes in contact with the pad while moving, it is the same as when you choose a spot with your cursor, then click and drag your mouse. This would work best for marking up Visio diagrams in red the way you described using the Ink Toolbar with your graphics tablet activated. http://office.microsoft.com/en-us/visio-help/about-using-ink-in-visio-HP001049615.aspx You can program a function on your tablet (hot key, pen button, etc.) to release control of the cursor back to the mouse when you are done so you can quickly switch back to the mouse to perform any additional functions (i.e. saving, renaming, then sending the file in an email) the way you are used to doing them. But don't forget to turn off the pens with a manual switch when you do this or you will kill the battery quick! Hope this helps!
Yes.
Yes
The older versions seem to work quite well. You have to move some Shapes to the new version and you can download shapes. Otherwise old files work well.
That is a good question. I believe you can only install it on one computer. But I do not have more than one computer to install it on to confirm that.
Couldn't say. Hubby is running it on Windows 7.
Yes this version will work on XP and no you do not have to have MS Office to run it
Okay, I found a better answer here: http://www.ergonomicssimplified.com/tips/graphics-tablet. To quote the page: "Graphic tablets are a great option for programs such as home photo and video editing in addition to professional programs such as Powerpoint, Illustrator, Visio, etc." Basically, the pen and tablet serve as your mouse when it is plugged into the USB. So, the tip of the pen guides your cursor around your screen in relationship to where the tip hoovers over the pad. When the pen comes in contact with the pad while moving, it is the same as when you choose a spot with your cursor, then click and drag your mouse. This would work best for marking up Visio diagrams in red the way you described using the Ink Toolbar with your graphics tablet activated. http://office.microsoft.com/en-us/visio-help/about-using-ink-in-visio-HP001049615.aspx You can program a function on your tablet (hot key, pen button, etc.) to release control of the cursor back to the mouse when you are done so you can quickly switch back to the mouse to perform any additional functions (i.e. saving, renaming, then sending the file in an email) the way you are used to doing them. But don't forget to turn off the pens with a manual switch when you do this or you will kill the battery quick! Hope this helps!
Yes.
Yes
The older versions seem to work quite well. You have to move some Shapes to the new version and you can download shapes. Otherwise old files work well.
That is a good question. I believe you can only install it on one computer. But I do not have more than one computer to install it on to confirm that.
Couldn't say. Hubby is running it on Windows 7.
Reinstall using the same key card but if it doesn't work you'll have to call them.
Yes, Microsoft Office 2010 will run under Windows VISTA.
Yes you get a licence for one PC
There's instructions on the box on how to download a backup copy. However, I think you're doing yourself a disservice by purchasing the old version. 2013 is designed around touch. You could also consider purchasing a subscription to Office. The Office 365 Home Premium subscription for $99/year has most of the same programs and lets you install on up to 5 devices.
Yes If you do more than 3 activations you will have to do phone activation
YES, no problem, works fine on windows 7
I believe you can only re-install to the same computer, but if it is uninstall first then installed to your new PC it should work. If you make an image of your old PC first, you may be able to load back if your new install is not accepted. I plan to try this,but not now.
Yes, from my understanding, it does work on Win 8. It even works on the Surface Pro. I believe that even Office 2007 works on Win 8.
No, it was just the key or license.
Reinstall using the same key card but if it doesn't work you'll have to call them.
Yes, Microsoft Office 2010 will run under Windows VISTA.
Yes you get a licence for one PC
There's instructions on the box on how to download a backup copy. However, I think you're doing yourself a disservice by purchasing the old version. 2013 is designed around touch. You could also consider purchasing a subscription to Office. The Office 365 Home Premium subscription for $99/year has most of the same programs and lets you install on up to 5 devices.
Yes If you do more than 3 activations you will have to do phone activation
YES, no problem, works fine on windows 7
I believe you can only re-install to the same computer, but if it is uninstall first then installed to your new PC it should work. If you make an image of your old PC first, you may be able to load back if your new install is not accepted. I plan to try this,but not now.
Yes, from my understanding, it does work on Win 8. It even works on the Surface Pro. I believe that even Office 2007 works on Win 8.
No, it was just the key or license.
You can use Windows XP with SP3 (32 bit) or Windows Vista or higher(For 32 or 64 biit).I use it successfully on Windows 7 and Windows 8
Minimum OS required to properly run MS OneNote 2010 would be Windows XP or Vista (32 bit or 64 bit). If you are running older version of Windows, then I suggest that you upgrade to Windows 7 since Windows XP and Vista will be fazed out and no longer supported by Microsoft. Hope this helps....
Hi, Robin! I am completely indebted to you for your post. Otherwise, I would not have been aware of the "non-commercial, 3-PC" license issue. I should also note that I (sadly) just two weeks ago had received and installed a CD version of OneNote 2007. Since then, I have been in the throes of the Office 2010 Trial Upgrade. Decided I was just completely happy with my Office 2003 Pro, but wanted the latest version of OneNote. I wound up purchasing from the website below. I had started to order from Amazon (and I LOVE them!) - but, canceled the order because I could not be SURE that it was - as you pointed out - the "3-license version". And, that is definitely a deal-breaker. The link below actually goes to the Microsoft Store. It was $70. With shipping and tax, total was $80. I went for the "delivery" option, so I'd have the CD if a reinstall was ever needed (and they always are, aren't they?). TOTALLY worth the price, considering the 3-computer license. Again, my sincere and grateful thanks! Scott Roberts scott404@gmail.com http://store.microsoft.com/content.aspx?cntid=9991&tsq=productid:C72490E9
You can use Windows XP with SP3 (32 bit) or Windows Vista or higher(For 32 or 64 biit).I use it successfully on Windows 7 and Windows 8
Minimum OS required to properly run MS OneNote 2010 would be Windows XP or Vista (32 bit or 64 bit). If you are running older version of Windows, then I suggest that you upgrade to Windows 7 since Windows XP and Vista will be fazed out and no longer supported by Microsoft. Hope this helps....
Hi, Robin! I am completely indebted to you for your post. Otherwise, I would not have been aware of the "non-commercial, 3-PC" license issue. I should also note that I (sadly) just two weeks ago had received and installed a CD version of OneNote 2007. Since then, I have been in the throes of the Office 2010 Trial Upgrade. Decided I was just completely happy with my Office 2003 Pro, but wanted the latest version of OneNote. I wound up purchasing from the website below. I had started to order from Amazon (and I LOVE them!) - but, canceled the order because I could not be SURE that it was - as you pointed out - the "3-license version". And, that is definitely a deal-breaker. The link below actually goes to the Microsoft Store. It was $70. With shipping and tax, total was $80. I went for the "delivery" option, so I'd have the CD if a reinstall was ever needed (and they always are, aren't they?). TOTALLY worth the price, considering the 3-computer license. Again, my sincere and grateful thanks! Scott Roberts scott404@gmail.com http://store.microsoft.com/content.aspx?cntid=9991&tsq=productid:C72490E9
I wouldn't pay a quarter of that. I haven't bought 2010 for many years and only paid about a hundred then. I just bought Outlook 2013 for less that a hundred. It may be real but it wouldn't be smart.
Sadly it's for only one computer. I had to jump through a few hoops just to reinstall it when my computer crashed . I should have bought MS Office Bussiness version to begin with instead of the Home/Student version.
yes
I need to know if any version of Windows 7 runs with Outlook Express. Thanks.
no, just a single user license
I ordered Outlook separately and loved it. Then after a few months it became erratic and wouldn't work most of the time. Re-installing didn't help and neither did any of the other available fixes. I doubt if it would have made a difference if this program had come as part of Office or not. The Outlook program itself became corrupted and could no longer be used.
Microsoft's Compatibility Center shows Outlook 2010 is compatible with Windows 8. However, some users may say it isn't. http://www.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/compatibility/CompatCenter/Home In Enter product name, type: outlook 2010 Click Search In results, click on Microsoft Office Outlook 2010 In Compatibility status for, select Windows 8 or Windows 8.1 Look at the community rating for compatibility to see what the users think.
Myself, I installed it on a Win7 machine, so I have no direct experience installing it on XP. But the product literature says: Supports both 32-bit or 64-bit editions of Outlook 2010: Windows Vista with SP1, Windows Server 2008, Windows 7, Terminal Server, Windows on Windows (WOW) (which allows installing 32-bit versions of Outlook 2010 on 64-bit operating systems, excluding Windows Server 2003 64-bit and Windows XP 64-bit).
I'm sorry but I don't understand the question.
CD
I wouldn't pay a quarter of that. I haven't bought 2010 for many years and only paid about a hundred then. I just bought Outlook 2013 for less that a hundred. It may be real but it wouldn't be smart.
Sadly it's for only one computer. I had to jump through a few hoops just to reinstall it when my computer crashed . I should have bought MS Office Bussiness version to begin with instead of the Home/Student version.
yes
I need to know if any version of Windows 7 runs with Outlook Express. Thanks.
no, just a single user license
I ordered Outlook separately and loved it. Then after a few months it became erratic and wouldn't work most of the time. Re-installing didn't help and neither did any of the other available fixes. I doubt if it would have made a difference if this program had come as part of Office or not. The Outlook program itself became corrupted and could no longer be used.
Microsoft's Compatibility Center shows Outlook 2010 is compatible with Windows 8. However, some users may say it isn't. http://www.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/compatibility/CompatCenter/Home In Enter product name, type: outlook 2010 Click Search In results, click on Microsoft Office Outlook 2010 In Compatibility status for, select Windows 8 or Windows 8.1 Look at the community rating for compatibility to see what the users think.
Myself, I installed it on a Win7 machine, so I have no direct experience installing it on XP. But the product literature says: Supports both 32-bit or 64-bit editions of Outlook 2010: Windows Vista with SP1, Windows Server 2008, Windows 7, Terminal Server, Windows on Windows (WOW) (which allows installing 32-bit versions of Outlook 2010 on 64-bit operating systems, excluding Windows Server 2003 64-bit and Windows XP 64-bit).
I'm sorry but I don't understand the question.
CD
I wouldn't pay a quarter of that. I haven't bought 2010 for many years and only paid about a hundred then. I just bought Outlook 2013 for less that a hundred. It may be real but it wouldn't be smart.
Sadly it's for only one computer. I had to jump through a few hoops just to reinstall it when my computer crashed . I should have bought MS Office Bussiness version to begin with instead of the Home/Student version.
yes
I need to know if any version of Windows 7 runs with Outlook Express. Thanks.
no, just a single user license
I ordered Outlook separately and loved it. Then after a few months it became erratic and wouldn't work most of the time. Re-installing didn't help and neither did any of the other available fixes. I doubt if it would have made a difference if this program had come as part of Office or not. The Outlook program itself became corrupted and could no longer be used.
Microsoft's Compatibility Center shows Outlook 2010 is compatible with Windows 8. However, some users may say it isn't. http://www.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/compatibility/CompatCenter/Home In Enter product name, type: outlook 2010 Click Search In results, click on Microsoft Office Outlook 2010 In Compatibility status for, select Windows 8 or Windows 8.1 Look at the community rating for compatibility to see what the users think.
Myself, I installed it on a Win7 machine, so I have no direct experience installing it on XP. But the product literature says: Supports both 32-bit or 64-bit editions of Outlook 2010: Windows Vista with SP1, Windows Server 2008, Windows 7, Terminal Server, Windows on Windows (WOW) (which allows installing 32-bit versions of Outlook 2010 on 64-bit operating systems, excluding Windows Server 2003 64-bit and Windows XP 64-bit).
I'm sorry but I don't understand the question.
CD
Yes and no.
Sorry, can't tell you.... I use Windows 7.
You are only buying one license, so you will only be able to install it on one machine. Check the Microsoft Excel home page for details on single Vs multiple-license installations.
No, you do not have to delete the starter version. Just follow the one-screen prompts & input your key-codes to activate. First thing after that, immediately go to Windows Update and download all the current patches, etc. You should have no problems.
Yes, I installed this on both XP and Windows 7. It works well on both.
Installing a new version of Excel will not erase your current excel files. Version 2010 will open version 2003 files & after you edit them with version 2010, you will be prompted to save them in the newer Excel format. Version 2003 saves your Excel files as "name.xls," version 2010 will save them in the newer format, "name.xlxs." You shouldn't have problems with backwards compatibility between file extensions. After you install the new version, make sure you update it immediately. Micro-Soft does have an extensive Knowledge Base at their Excel home page. (Your paying a lot for this software, utilize them!)
Yes and no.
Sorry, can't tell you.... I use Windows 7.
You are only buying one license, so you will only be able to install it on one machine. Check the Microsoft Excel home page for details on single Vs multiple-license installations.
No, you do not have to delete the starter version. Just follow the one-screen prompts & input your key-codes to activate. First thing after that, immediately go to Windows Update and download all the current patches, etc. You should have no problems.
Yes, I installed this on both XP and Windows 7. It works well on both.
Installing a new version of Excel will not erase your current excel files. Version 2010 will open version 2003 files & after you edit them with version 2010, you will be prompted to save them in the newer Excel format. Version 2003 saves your Excel files as "name.xls," version 2010 will save them in the newer format, "name.xlxs." You shouldn't have problems with backwards compatibility between file extensions. After you install the new version, make sure you update it immediately. Micro-Soft does have an extensive Knowledge Base at their Excel home page. (Your paying a lot for this software, utilize them!)
Yes with the return of the product you can have a full refund.
Myra, Pretty much. I've used it on 8 and 7. It may be a little more stable on 7, but I don't remember having any major issues on 8. I have not tried it on 8.1.
It can, but does not necessarily. I'm not sure about Corel, but you can buy some "used" programs and register them. I've purchased an old "open box" Front Page 2003 off ebay had registered it. Haven't had an issue.
It can be done in CorelDraw. But if you're interested in ease of use, and a fairly short learning curve, I would recommend buying a copy of Microsoft's Front Page 2003 (full version). This program was dropped by Microsoft in 2003 but is still in use by many, including myself. If you can use Microsoft Word, you will learn Front Page in a very short time. If you use CorelDraw, you must save each page as HTML, and then use an FTP program to upload. Once learned however, it is a powerful way to build a website.
I think it does, Alan. But because my previous Corel version was older than X3, I didn't quality for the "upgrade". So I had to buy the X5 full version.
WP willl open other formats. WP has Reveal Codes. WP will open all your old WP files. WP is the original great word processing sw. WP doesn't lose your files somewhere online. Etc. You just can't beat it and it's worth paying for. (disclaimer: I'm not a WP employee and Corel doesn't pay me anything~!)
I will have to agree Mr. or Ms. Harris. You can also put your disk in and let it reboot your WP, or you can also go back to the last time it was on there and select that start up point.
Back when I was using WordPerfect and purchased this I had a desktop PC that was connected to the internet and a PC notebook that did not have internet capability. I was able to install WordPerfect X5 on both, but I think it was because the notebook could not register the product. I know that now that I have switched to Apple, most Adobe and Microsoft software for iMac and Macbook Pro allow two computers per software purchase. You might want to check with Corel and see what their policy is with the multiple computer issue.
Yes I works as advertised. I have been using it on WIN 7 for 2 years.
Two.
I bought software this via Amazon in summer 2014, and the packaging says, "System requirements: Multicore Intel processor, Mac OS 10.5.9 or 10.6 (or higher), 1GB of RAM or more, 10.3GB of hard disc space (etc). So I think that this will not run on a mac running 10.4. You could try and upgrade your Mac to a newer operating system though (Mac OS 10.5.9 or 10.6 (or higher)), that might work. In general, we have not found that this software is computer power-intensive, so it may be worth a try if you have a multi-core Intel processor. Good luck!
Hi Amy, yes it does. You may want to get the new one, CS6
Yes. Yes.
I just recently upgraded to 10.6 and it worked on both versions.
The CS5 dvd kit I purchased from this seller had not been registered, used or activated by any other party. The registration went forward through Adobe without a hitch at all. And you have the disks, which is better than my previous buy on CS5 which was a download only, oem, and they went offline, so when my harddrive crashed, I couldn't reload. This is permanently yours.
As far as I can tell, just one.
I uploaded only the programs i needed which were Flash, Photoshop, Indesign, Illustrator & Bridge. But it had a lot more design programs that could be useful. i just didn't have the space for them. I love the design suite it does everything i need it to do
Should be possible. You'll need your serial number. The download page is on the Adobe website here: http://helpx.adobe.com/creative-suite/kb/cs5-product-downloads.html
Yes, no problems.
The minimum Mac OS required to run Adobe Photoshop CS5 is OS X 10.5.7. A multicore Intel processor is required. The complete list of system requirements is available from Adobe: http://helpx.adobe.com/x-productkb/policy-pricing/system-requirements-photoshop.html However - if you have 10.6.8 (minimum) and the cash for the application, I have found CS6 to be a very worthy upgrade.
I have no idea. Mine is a 3.33 GHz Intel Core 2 Duo. It works fast enough with Photoshop.
They have been e-mailing these coupons to people over the past couple of weeks (and I believe they still are) who have "expressed interest in photo editing" (basically that you've been looking at Photoshop and stuff like it).
Yes, every version of Photoshop CS5 includes Bridge.
No. It only has one license, but you can use it on up to two machines, just not at the same time. As long as you close it on one machine you can use it on the other. IOW, if you have it running at home and go to work (and vice versa) without closing it you'll be out of luck.
Sure. As long as it's a windows version and not a mac version.
It comes with 2 disks, but updates a lot of information from the Internet.
The software was in a sealed box and I didn't have any trouble with the installation.
It worked for me. But was a bit of a pain to get it to work. Had to install a few times... Just make sure you have enough space on your computer to run the programs. And I ran a virus check on my comp before installing, to be safe. But it works beautifully for me now! Couldn't be happier! :) Don't bother asking the Microsoft people at the store to help either. They were useless. She googled my question. (Like I hadn't done that at home first) Idiots.
It will work fine with Windows 7 Pro, or Ultimate 64bit..... Intel Pentium 4 or AMD Athlon 64 processor Microsoft Windows XP with Service Pack 3; Windows Vista Home Premium, Business, Ultimate, or Enterprise with Service Pack 1 (Service Pack 2 recommended); or Windows 7 1GB of RAM 1GB of available hard-disk space for installation; additional free space required during installation (cannot install on removable flash-based storage devices) 1024768 display (1280800 recommended) with qualified hardware-accelerated OpenGL graphics card, 16-bit color, and 256MB of VRAM Some GPU-accelerated features require graphics support for Shader Model 3.0 and OpenGL 2.0 DVD-ROM drive QuickTime 7.6.2 software required for multimedia features Broadband Internet connection required for online services
We can ship to Canada for you, thanks...
Hi Saad, here is a link to all the system requirements for adobe suites: http://helpx.adobe.com/creative-suite/kb/system-requirements-design-premium.html
Yes, I was able to register adobe suite but t was NOT able register adobe acrobat pro
I don't see why it wouldn't but I'm sure Amazon would make it right if it isn't.
When the first series Creative Suite came out, I upgraded from Photoshop to CS1. Great! What I didn't know is, I would never, ever, ever use Illustrator or the other programs. I ONLY used Photoshop. But I've been stuck because as you correctly point out, Wirtzy, you can't upgrade from a suites package back to a single program. My workaround (certainly not an option for many, many Photoshop users), is to swap downward for the latest Photoshop Elements and make much more use of Lightroom (which is an excellent photo editing program). I won't have a CMYK color palette and maybe there will come a day when that's a problem, but I use it so rarely that I just don't care to worry about it.
Once you go forward, you can't go back. But you should be able upgrade to CS5 from PhotoShop 7. If you are trying to upgrade from PhotoShop Elements to CS5, its not going to work as Elements is a striped down version of PhotoShop. You have to upgrade CS to CS.
I'm sorry are you asking about the PS upgrade that I want to sell? If so, I am not using it, I can't remember if I had it deactivated, but if I haven't I can. Tell me where you found out about me wanting to sell this product?
It installs in the Win 7 OS directories as both 32-bit (program files (x86) and 64-bit (program files) exe files from my experience. If you've installed Win 7 in 64-bit OS mode (verify in 'control panel-system') and you're using the 64-bit PS exe file, than PS CS5 can use as much RAM as the system can throw at it. http://kb2.adobe.com/cps/404/kb404439.html
It appears to be the full Standard Edition version (not the Extended version) of Adobe CS5. The Extended version also includes tools for working with 3D and motion-based content if you need that. There are also fully functional Academic versions available for less cost but you'll need to prove to Adobe that you qualify in order to activate the product.
You can activate product on 2 pc's simultaneously.
The adobe photoshop cs5 terms of an end user license agreement accompanying a particular software file upon installation or download of the software, that means you can transfer the license to an other person...
Yes, you can run adobe photoshop cs5 on windows 8 flawlessly.
You don't need to upgrade if you don't want to. I am running Windows 8 and my CS5 works seamlessly with it.
@ A. doeling The main difference between Elements and CS5 (in regard to photos) is that Elements is simpler program for people with simpler needs (i.e. the difference between a hobbyist and a professional). Elements has more buttons that do things is a more "automatic" fashion, while CS5 gets more in-depth with the same functions so that a person can fine tune what they need done. In general, if Elements has a tool or function, CS5 has the same tool or function but does it a lot better. But in some cases CS5 has tools that Elements just plain doesn't have, such as layer masks and compositing capabilities (to name a few). If you are looking for a program built more toward hobbyists and scrapbookers, Elements is the way to go. But if you're looking for a professional tool with more advanced capabilities, CS5 is well worth the upgrade.
yes you can.
I have not used since had a problem in installation, I try 3 to 4 time and was not able to install completely.
www.downloads.com
I may have a place, contact me at tim.cody@jtekt.com
If you are contemplating Nero software don't waste your time. ConvertXtoDVD works much better. The people at Nero are arrogant and their software is junk. They don't give refunds and expect you to jump through hoops to resolve their crap software problems that you are having. Look elsewhere for software and stay away from Nero.
I have not seen any issues with the Chrome browser and Studio 4 code. However, the sites I've created do not use any microsoft-specific technology such as asp. If you are creating a site that adheres to html and CSS standards and does not use proprietary technology, then it should work in all browsers. Let me know if you need more info.
If by store capabilities you mean can the program store information. No, you store info on computer or flash drive, then program lists what you tell it to. If you mean like a retail store, no. You edit and publish your web pages using Expression Studio 4.
Im using windows 8 pro 64 bit with it now, works final www.iceline.info
Once I installed each game from the disk, the disk was not needed anymore, if that's what you mean.
I installed it on my desktop computer and my laptop with no problems.
It should work on 64bit Win8 Pro. It's returnable if it doesn't.
Sorry I don't know anything about Dell.
Don't know. It works on 7 and Vista
well i don't think its on apple, all I see is its for Microsoft. But you should see if Leapfrog has anything specific for apple.
What Reid Smith actually asked is "what's the difference between the $299 academic edition and the $199 student/teacher edition?" He never got an answer to his question. I posted a lengthy explanation on a review of Photoshop CS4 Student Edition. The review is not available now that CS4 is discontinued, but you can still read it by accessing all of the reviews written by The Irish Patient here on Amazon. It's entitled "If in doubt, consider the academic edition instead," and it was the highest rated review for that product. Briefly, the difference under CS4 was that you didn't have to jump through any hoops to activate the $299 academic edition. The $299 academic edition came with an activation code inside the packaging. You were good to go as long as you could get a third party retailer (like AcademicSuperstore) to send you the academic edition disk. With the $199 student edition, all you got was a disk without an activation code. The code could only be obtained by going through Adobe's verification contractor. You had to open the seal on the software and then send your proof of student or teacher status to Adobe. If you were verified, then you would get an e-mail with the activation code. If you were denied, you had to fight with Amazon to return opened software.
I know this is an old question but I thought I'd put up an answer in case it helps others. I am in a home school umbrella organization that is registered with the state of Maryland. After purchasing the student edition, I tried to go through the verification process (many back and forth emails along with one phone call) and was told that my daughter had to be enrolled in a college to receive the student verification code. I ended up returning the Adobe product and then I bought it through UMD using my staff identification. This happened 2 years ago so I don't know if anything has changed. I definitely would think twice before I purchased the student edition.
Personally, I'm using Photoshop Extended CS4 Academic Edition, but you can be very confident that the full version of Bridge is included in CS5 Student Edition. Even if it isn't, you can probably get a copy for free; see below. Mini Bridge is an addition to CS5 products, not a replacement for the full Bridge application. Bridge through CS3 was pretty much useless. Bridge got beefed up in CS4, but many people thought it was cumbersome to have to switch between separate application windows for Photoshop and Bridge. In CS5, users have been given the option to use either full Bridge or Mini Bridge. My understanding is that Mini Bridge operates directly from the Photoshop application window. Adobe has never treated Bridge as an application that anyone would want to have separately from Photoshop. I haven't tried this with CS5, but in CS4 and earlier you could get Bridge for free by downloading the 30 day free trial for Photoshop. Bridge was included in the trial. Photoshop expired at the end of the 30 days, but Bridge remained fully functional indefinitely. I suspect that you could still do this if, for some bizarre reason, the full version of Bridge isn't included in CS5 Student Edition.
You may only use the copy on two computers: "Can I use Adobe Student and Teacher Edition software on more than one computer? Adobe Student and Teacher Edition software may be used on two computers only. This is ensured through a product activation procedure, which is performed online. " http://www.adobe.com/education/students/studentteacheredition/faq.html
I have it on my laptop which happens to be Windows 8 with no problem.
Yes indeed! I it daily with images from my Nikon d3100
She should be fine, Taken form Adobe Site: Proof of eligibility Your proof of eligibility must be a document issued by the institution with your name, institution name, and current date.** Types of proof of enrollment include: School ID card Report card Transcript Tuition bill or statement
Lifetime I think
I would imagine if it were for credit. If it is a continuing ed course not for credit you would probably not qualify. Take it for the credit.
You would need to contact Adobe. Do they have a Russia website?
I found this on the products website Cookbook Clutter? Manage your entire recipe collection by adding your favorite recipes from family, friends, magazines, or other cookbooks to the 8,000+ delicious recipes.
MasterCook 11 exports to Evernote which works on ipads. The next version of MasterCook is due out soon. You might want to check out their website at mastercook.com or ask their tech. support further questions.
Yes. The program will auto-complete most ingredients as you type. It is even compatible with Dragon Naturally Speaking which makes the process go even faster.
I had the worst time doing just you want to do with Master Cook until I had to make a file of my own and start all over again in WORD. Was a sad day as I had so many but it forced me to weed out things I didn't need anymore. This website might help you but I really don't know - good luck!!! http://www.mycookbook.com/index.asp?UserName=
It works great on both of my 64 bit systems. It is better than the older versions that were on my 32 bit systems.
Yes it will
Nope. Sorry. I wish they would add a simple OCR feature to the program for just that purpose, but it hasn't happened yet.
As I recall, there was a significant change in the file format from Mastercook 4 to Mastercook 5. I'm not certain if version 11 can import from version 4. I just took a quick look at the forums and it seems that it will work just fine reading files from as far back as version 2. You just need to open the cookbook file (.MCF) with version 11. There is more detail available at www.mastercook.com, look under "import and export".
I'm not sure. It is located in my Program Files ( 86).
The only way that I know of would be to use a print-to-PDF from within the Mastercook program.
Yes it can.
I have loaded it on a computer with Windows 8.1 & it seems to run fine. I am in the process of moving data from one PC to the new one, so I can't say for certain just yet that the process will be successful. But so far, as for loading it & running the program, it seems to work fine.
Product doesn't work. Its missing many feature . Unable to ope . Poor customer support.
Yes
I registered mine, so I would say yes.
Yes you can prepare estimates and payroll on this 2011 version. It's mostly the basics and more advance 2013 edition. Regards Tisha
This is First Accounting that is a lower cost version and does less so it did not allow me to restore anything from my older Complete Accounting.
I had the worst experience with Peachtree. I am sending my package back. Customer support is almost non existent. The so called local expert told me that Peachtree is a pain in the butt.
Couldn't get to work. Called Peachtree and they said the two were not compatible.
No unless your 2011 has been updated. or you have the accountants version
Are you asking, is there a space between when one track ends and another begins? That answer is yes. Works the same for WAV as well.
It seems to be code free but you do have to pay for add ons.
Many computers will automatically send that alert message. But you may also be getting that message due to incompatibility with your OS. I have used this software for years with no problems using XP and Win7. However, I don't believe this particular version is compatible with Win8. If you go to the manufacturing website you may find the newer Win8 version there, or search for it in Amazon. I am not sure they sell a Win8 package yet though.
Yes, TurboCAD Deluxe v. 17 DOES support Windows 7 64-BIT. See http://www.avanquest.com/UK/software/turbocad-17-deluxe-122873 for proof details. (BTW, great question; I was just looking for the answer when I found the aforementioned URL during a Google search.) God bless, be well, and have a wonderful and productive 2012!
Once you learn the basics, it is not as good as autocad or solidworks which are high end systems.
Yes I use it for electrical schematics and found to be as good as Autocad for the job.I got a new computer a year ago and found i could not load my Autocad programme 0n it as it was not compatible with Windows 8 so I bought Turbocad . I have made my own symbol library with approx 30 symbols in it which serves me well.I dont seem to be able to find any symbols in the library section.I make control panels and use it for this job. If you are starting from scratch you can find templates and as you progress with your drawing just add symbol to your own folder and the use it as often as you wish. Hope this helps
I,m sorry i dont know the answer to the question,i only use it for electrical schematic diagrams.
That is for my grandsons to figure out. It is interesting. If it happened 50 years ago I might have looked into it further.
I don't know but I didn't like the product for what I was trying to do. I was trying to design a deck and everytime I wanted to use a feature, it would say that this cheap version doesn't have that feature. It really wants you to get the more expensive version which runs about $1200 so...
I have it installed on Windows 7. I mainly use it for the database, but if it works with that you should have no problems..
I have it installed on Windows 7 so see no reason why it shouldn't install on Vista. However, I want to warn you that sometimes Microsoft Works has a "mind of its own," and it will do strange things to you. I have had it move sentences to other paragraphs (on its own) as well as add a letter or two after you finish and save a sentence. If you think you can afford it, I would recommend Microsoft Office Suite instead. Good luck!!
It works on Windows 8 . It installed on a Toshiba Satellite Windows 8 easily and works perfectly. My friend that I bought it for loves it and was so glad to have it as Microsoft Works was what he had used in the past. He had an old version of Works and is now using it with ease on his Windows 8 computer.
Yes, it worked perfectly on a Toshiba Satellite Windows 8 laptop. It loaded easily and works just fine!
Usually you can install Microsoft software that it purchased in a retail box on three of your computers. It is not intended to be installed on computers that the purchaser does not own.
The one I ordered didn't give the number it could be installed on. I only had one to install it on, so I really don't know. Sorry I couldn't be more helpful.
I installed Microsoft works suite 2006 on a desktop with win 7 and laptop with win 8 with upgrade to win 8.1.Both worked fine and gave me back the old version om Microsoft Word. Some items I deleted after install.
Yes there is. The MS Works Database is easy to use and it is the reason I bought Works when I got a new computer.
Yes, this is a great word processing program. It even has templates for all kinds of letters. I find it easy to use and convenient.
according to microsoft, yes it will! jh
I am almost positive you would have y to install as when you put the disc it goes to auto load
It was junk...never could get the audio to play on windows 7 at all...waste of money.
hi, I think you better do return it because 2010 edition does miss some function explanation. thanks.
Sorry, it never occurred to me to only install certain segments of this teaching totorial. I installed the whole program and went through only those training exercises for the applications/programs I wanted to learn. Individual Software Inc lists a Free Technical Support web address on bottom of the box if you are having problems with their software. My only suggestion would be to contact them. Their phone number is also printed on the program disc. Hope that helps.
I looked on the box and did not see anything related to Mac at all, I would suggest that you email them at www.individualsoftware.com/support and ask them. It is a great way to learn all these programs, this is not my first one and my grandchildren have improved their skills with this training.
No you do not, this is just a personal learning tool.
This version will only work with Intel processors.
No
Mine obviously do not work with that you need to look at everyone's selling details and find the correct one
Sorry, I'm not sure. It worked on my older iMac.
NO absolutely NOT only works in the mentioned iMac 2008
No
Their no difference if u are upgrading from 10,5 to 10.6 it compatable. If upgrading from 10.4 to 10.5 it's a problem spec are difference on MacBook and iMac .
Yes, if the version is "Leopard" as opposed to "Snow Leopard."
Michael I believe you're looking for Tiger and thats kind of hard to find... well hard to find cheap. They are out there however upwards of $100 that I could find. The trouble your going to run into is that the system itself will run ok however when you start using the internet thats when your system slows way down because the newer internet systems require newer pluggins that are not backwards compatible and will cause your older OS to lockup a lot!! And in a lot of cases you will not be able to access your e-mail so the sad news is that it might be time to consider looking for something late 2012 or newer.
Maybe. It should in theory, but I could never get the 10.4.6 (Leopard) install discs to activate. My G-5 just kept spitting them out. I never had any use for the Mac Book Air discs.
There is a option when is expire that says renew there gives you a option to enter the new product key if it's a new install it will ask you for the new key remember to run live update after entering the new key and if you are not able to use your key access your Norton account website and enter it there hope you are able to make it work if not send me a message
I wondered about the difference too. I looked on Symantec.com where they have comparison lists of their products. The only difference between Norton 360 version 4 regular and Premier Edition is that the regular version comes with 2 gigabytes of online storage and the Premier version comes with 25 gigabytes of online storage. You pay a premium price for online storage :)
No. I tried tonight and even called customer service. The guy told me to enter a credit card number even though I had money on my gift card, I ended up buying the cd instead.
Sorry I can't help you, I've found it very difficult to make the cards with it. It isn't as easy as doing it with windows. Hope this is useful
I can't say for sure if it will work or not. I am running a MacBook Pro 10.9.2 and it definitely doesn't work on it. It doesn't work with the Mavericks version OS. Also, I have a MacBook which is version 10.7.5 and I AM able to run the Hallmark Card Studio on it. So, it's possible it might work on your MacBook 10.6.8. I only started having problems with the Mavericks update.
Heck no! Hallmark needs to come out with a new program!
The CD worked for me when I was still with OSX 10.8 hope this helps IW
I have a MacBook - Mac OSX 10.7.5, and it works very, very well for me. I've really enjoyed using it. I would think it would be the same for you.
It would not install on my mac however when I contacted the company they sent me a link and an access code after I emailed them the receipt of my purchase. They were awesome and now the program works just fine. It is hallmark what can I say.
I believe it was November, 2012.
I haven't had any problems at all. Are you doing your Mac upgrades as soon as requested? I just wish the Mac version was as large and as easy to use as the PC version
It does NOT work on Mavericks it sure won't work on Yosemite! Hallmark needs to step up to the plate and come out with a NEW Hallmark program for it has been almost 5 years!
I couldn't get cards to work on Mac so sorry can't help you. Took the programme out and ended up buying a laptop on eBay and putting my cards on that one. If you can do cards on your Mac I don't see why you shouldn't be able to do business cards. Hope this helps, good luck
I can tell that it'll stop a program if it's a bug or virus or if a hacker. I have notice that my history file it's bogged down n it was when I installed this program. I really love it n its made my pc run faster. I just wished I got it sooner. Hope this helps Gina
I would say as long as you uninstall from the old PC, then you should be perfectly ok to install on a new PC. I'm pretty close to needing a new computer, so I'm going to test down the road. If not, I will just purchase a new license. Thank you.
just one that i know of. i know that it is very good and worth the money. my computer guy that worked on my computer was thrilled that i had it installed. it also updates regularly.
For me, I use both, antivirus for virus and malware for ad-ware stuff. However, you should check with you professional contacts.
Yes
It is very difficult to answer specific enquiries like this. Every time you run the program it updates to the latest database but why not try it - it is a free trial!
FBI ransomware | Malwarebytes Unpacked blog.malwarebytes.org/tag/fbi-ransomware/ Dec 2, 2013 - We've covered the browser-based ransomware several times before on this blog, ever since it appeared back in July and again each time it ...
I used it with norton , but I uninstalled it after the free month but if I remember it was hard to get rid of ?
It was when I purchased it, it does updates and I have never been asked to pay addition for it.
Yes..free technical support at 866-279-0239 or at mbam.dsolution.ca
If your Nubia has a micro SD card slot, it shod definitely work
Hello, Yes. The map work on any Garmin GPS except streetpilot , 40ml . Thank you,
If you mean are updates offered, the answer is no.
Not as far as I know.
Its the same! It could be that the higher price one is a version thaats a year newer that may have brand new roads.I would not trust it because there are no buyers for that one. Its probably the same. Stick with the one I got. You will be very happy. Safe trip Jerry Steve A.
The micro chip is a tiny card in a card. It is to the left center of the 1"x1 1/2" card. Slide it out, it is about 1/2"x 3/4". It should slide into a small slot in the Garmin unit. I couldn't find it either on first try the guy at Best Buy had to show me.
Yes. It was perfectly compatible with the Nuvi 350. No problems whatsoever.
We use it with a Nuvi 1450.
It should work. Good luck! :)
This is not a "screen" or stand-alone hardware. This is not the Garmin device. This is a SIM card that you place into your Garmin device that then provides you maps and direction capability for travel in Israel. You need a separate Garmin device to place this SIM card into for it to work. The actual SIM card is very, very small - smaller than 1inch by 1inch.
It does not come with a usb interface. If you want it to interface with the fretlight guitar (which is what I did) make sure you get the fretlight ready version of guitar pro 6. It costs a little more.
Absolutely! The main reason I got this program in the first place was to play songs by artists that I listened to. That to me is one of the best ways to learn not only playing guitar but what goes into writing a song and music. There are several sites on the internet where people have transcribed popular songs into guitar pro files, that you can download. Then you can read the tablature which is very easy to learn and play the song, and guitar pro can playback the tablature through its internal sounds so you can hear what it should sound like, the tempo, etc. Now guitar pro isn't to teach you how to play necessarily, it will aide you in learning songs or exercises for guitar thought.
Yes
I think you can purchase this one and use the license registration key from your hardcopy to obtain and register the downloadable copy from the official website.
No, you just write the notes in yourself in guitar tab form. It is similar to TuxGuitar, which is free, so you could download that and see if it is suitable. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/TuxGuitar
no
Yes. I am currently running Guitar Pro 6 on Windows 8.1.
If you just want to tidy it up, go to "Tools" and click on Bar Arranger.
Yes there is, but I find it very difficult and frustrating to use compared to GP5.
I think you can download it and use it all you want but will only have one serial key Soni don't know if you can use it on 2 different computers at the same time..... I never tried
THIS works., It's a BIG pain, and Sony really should figure this out but I did it and it worked for me... Home Blogs Rodney Reynolds's blog Fix For Sony Vegas Crashing While Rendering/Editing If you are having issues rendering or editing in Sony Vegas Video Editing software (Pro or Studio), this might resolve the issue until Sony resolves this with a patch. I know it did for me. As a side note, Vegas 9c Pro fixes a lot of compatibility and stability issues. The problem that I had was that when I try using a EVGA X58 + Intel i7 920 Combo and render to the Sony AVC MP4 format it crashes immediately. This didn't happen on my previous X48 computer system. I've tried both Sony Vegas Media Studio 9 and Sony Vegas 8 but both crash on trying to render Sony AVC MP4 format. I've tried just about everything and have the same problem. I've tried reinstalling Vegas, I've tried installing a fresh copy of Vista and then Vegas, I've even tried installing Win7 Beta and Vegas. I've also removed overclock and all default system setting. This fix worked for me on Sony Vegas Studio Pro 9: http://www.sonycreativesoftware.com/forums/ShowMessage.asp?ForumID=4&Mes... Here are the details on the fix: "Most 32 bit exe and dll files have a 2 gig maximum memory cap. I've been playing around with CFF EXPLORER (free download) which is a program that allows you to easily open the exe or dll and click the 2 gig memory switch that allows it to use more than 2 gig. I reset the memory flags in vegas80.exe m2tsplug.dll mcstdh264dec.dll sonymvd2pro_xp.dll to "greater than 2gig" and did a render of which I almost always crash on (avchd at 1920 render to m2ts 1920@16Mb/s with AC3 audio) I didn't crash! In fact memory usage shot up higher than i had ever seen vegas use (it shot up to 5gig and leveled off.... usually it climbs no higher than about 3.5 gig and creeps a little) The whole render process of avchd seems to be quite a bit more stable
Yes it does. I'm using the trial and it works very well.
I'm not sure. I think you can contact Sony Vegas customer support and they should give you an answer. I did try to get a little more information about editing DSLR video on SV but they were no help. In fact, they wanted me to pay for tech support just to get that answer. I've now switched to using Premier and feel it's a way better option. It's costly and you need a great dvd tutorial to get a handle on it but I feel it's 100 times better than Sony Vegas. Good luck with your editing. Sorry I could not give you more info.
yes
I'd like to know the answer to this too.
no, you have to buy final cut express or Imovie11
I have a sony vaio laptop with i7, 500g hd, 4mb ram, nvidia cuda graphics, and am running windows premium 64 bit. I installed sony HD platinum 10 with no problems, and have used it for about a week now without any problems. I haven't tried burning a dvd yet, but so far I have had no problem editing HD video shot with canon and a koday zx3.
Not everyone need all the things pro can do nor want to spend the extra 400$.
The company's website (www.individualsoftware.com/downloads/typing_instruction/) lets you download a fully functional trial version. A 10 day trial on the one I downloaded.
YES! The program is set up for multiple users, very simple to add them and to sign on individually.
We've used it on both Windows 7 and Windows 8. I don't know about Vista.
Yes
No I am pretty sure it is Windows only. The chrome browser supports its own apps though and I believe there are some free typing ones available.
I would say 4 to 8... :)Depending on how much they already know.
Yes. It does teach numbers and punctuation after the basic a-z keys are learned. This is an awesome program. My boys who are 9 and 10 are typing more than 30 words per minute now.
Yes, as long as you have a computer. The instructor speaks Spanish as well as English.
Your firewall is probably blocking turn it off n try again
is you buy the download you can only put it on 1 computer if you buy the CD you can put it on as many as you like .
as many users as you want on one installation. it saves named user profiles i believe you can install over and over and on multiple compatible devices.
It is a direct download. I was able to download it onto three different computers; however, my kids had already began working through their profiles on the family computer and could not transfer their data to their own computers.
I can't say with 100% certainty since I haven't tried, but based on the way Chrome OS works, I would say no. Chrome is a cloud - based operating system meaning it relies on web-based applications rather than ones installed on the computer. Any storage space on the Chromebook is probably meant to store local media files rather than programs. This program utilizes a Windows - based executable file which would almost certainly not run on Chrome. You will probably have to find a web-based version of this or an alternative, unless you can find a program that will emulate Windows in the Chromebook. There are emulation programs like VMware and Parallels for Mac that would allow you to do this, but I don't know of any similar programs for Chrome at this point. Good luck in any event.
I was going to say I have no idea, but this is an item you purchase from Amazon. Sometimes you just have to jump through a few dozen hoops with Amazon to get to what you just paid for. I suggest giving them a call.
Yes, it will. I installed our copy around November 2013 on a laptop with Windows XP and there hasn't been any problems with it.
I only needed it on one devise. In the past I've called Amazon and gotten help with multiple music and book downloads. Contact Amazons Help & customer service department, they can probably help.
Yes it does i intalled it on my windows 8 and worked perfectly..
I'm not sure. I have it downloaded to a PC that has windows 7.
Yes it does, that is what I am currently running on the computer that I installed it on.
Any window's OS running computer has to be connected to internet for activation of that OS. You have 30 days from the date of installation to activate it. If you do not activate the system will restart in every hour causing lot of inconvenience.
Yes the SP updates do not require new license to install. These disks do allow full install of the operating system with all the SP updates required. They normally need to be installed in order. SP1,SP2 then SP3
Microsoft is about to quit providing any kind of support for Windows XP, including updating drivers and virus protection. I'm not 100% sure of the exact date, but I think it's sometime in April, 2014. While your asus certainly SHOULD have the power to run XP, I am not at all familiar with that machine. If it is a tablet or a netbook of some kind, I would advise you not to mess with it - unless you are VERY savvy when it comes to PC hardware and software installations. Otherwise, you run the risk of damaging your current software installation which may end up making it useless and certainly would void any warrantees you have on your machine.
I'm sorry. That I can not answer. I don't have that disk nor have I heard of it. I only have the oem xp pro and xp home editions.
The updates from SP1 and SP2 are already included in SP3, so you don't have to install all of them in order, from the beginning - you can just install SP3 and you're done.
It is 32 bit and unUseable, because the Actvation time is out and or it is a OEM version with no product number. In wich you will be riped of. What is funny the sellers act as if it has value. Typical fraud.
Operating system refers to the Windows version you have. If you try to install Windows XP on a new computer, then you will have a very hard time. I don't know if it will let you register your copy, which will cause it to stop working in 30 days, or if you can update it at all. Without updates to XP your screen resolution won't give you a big enough screen to click on buttons in programs (they will be off of your screen and you can't get to them.) I would recommend installing Windows 7 or later.
It is, according to Microsoft, a pirated disk and key. Disk comes with burned CD and a paper key with no COA or other validation.
To whom it may concern asking the question that you say you hate windows 8.1, delete it off your computer..it was design and made to stress out the consumer buyers with to much complexs in order to keep you spending money to the technicians. It's all a mind game set up for the buyers to fall prey to. Istill use windows X/P ... because its so simple. Go with windows X/P or windows vista which is less confusing and easier to operate. My email is tcbmrt22@yahoo.com if you need me further. OK.. have a blessed day stay safe. Mr. Tee!
It should, provided that the product key is valid. But why would you want to install a unsupported OS onto a new system?
The only options they have is a file download or comes on a mini SD card, not sure if you can put it on a DVD for use in car.
Not familiar with Garmin 40. But if SD slot use on my garmin works well. I live in Oman and used my Garmin to drive over and in dubai. Belive me, a Garmin is a must while driving around the city.
Maps are dated 10/08/2013, so I assume they are a 2013 maps.
I don't think so. Check out the compatibility Device list at Garmin https://buy.garmin.com/en-US/US/maps/on-the-road-maps/city-navigator-nt/city-navigator-middle-east-northern-africa-nt/prod73267.html Select "Compatible with SD card" for list of approved devices These cards are encoded and need to be decoded by the firmware. If the firmware is incompatible your GPS will never be able to decode the map file.
Yes
The current latest version of the micro sd version is 2014.20 as of this writing. Make sure ask for version number from the seller you are going to buy from before purchase, as well as compatibility.
The current latest version of the micro sd version is 2014.20 as of this writing. Make sure ask for version number from the seller you are going to buy from before purchase, as well as compatibility.
The current latest version of the micro sd version is 2014.20 as of this writing. Make sure ask for version number from the seller you are going to buy from before purchase, as well as compatibility.
I used a Garmin Nuvi 200 or 250, but I think that it works on any device that takes a micro sd card. We drove in Oman, UAE and Bahrain for 3 weeks and it was perfect!
Yes, it works very well with Windows 8.
The program asks you to set up a student name. You can set up more than one name for yourself and approach the lessons differently for each name if you want to. Once set up, just cllick on 'lessons' and carry on. It is intuitive and easy to use. If you have a specific situation you can't get past, email me at this address.
Yes
On the same computer or on a network at school? I think you just sign in with a different name, but I don't know for sure. I think you can.
YES IT WILL RUN ON WINDOWS 8 AND 8.1
I have it on three computers.
The download runs perfectly. I use Wondows 8 at work. I do not know how the disc will run.
It works with Windows 7 and 300mg of hard drive space.
Hi Valerie, I don't know. The disk wouldn't work. Sorry I couldn't help.
yes, I can use it.
I haven't but it seems to be intended to allow you to do that. In the setup process, it allows you to enter multiple companies.
Yes, it does!
I've been using it almost 2 months and haven't heard of any fee other than the purchase price.
Hi Julia...no, the software does not come with any type of cables. The answer to what type of cable you need to buy depends on what type of device you're planning on connecting to your keyboard. For example, if you're planning on using a computer - all computers use a rectangular connector (also known as a 'Type B' connector). You need to look at the back of your keyboard and determine what type of connector it requires. It may be rectangular (like your computer) or it may be square (also known as a 'Type A' connector. This will tell you if you need a Type A (because the keyboard has a square connector)/Type B cable (standard rectangular connector), or a Type B/Type B Cable. The Type A/Type B is most common and is nothing more than a standard printer cable. You can find those for around $6. No need to spend any more than that. Hope this helps.
Get the 88. You'll need them eventually with the program. I have used almost all of my keys and I think mine is 72 keys? And I still have a ways to go in the program.
It is a DVD you put into a computer. You will need also: A real piano and microphone on your computer, or MIDI Keyboard and MIDI-to-USB cable to connect MIDI Keyboard and a USB able computer. Have tested both methods, they work fine. Im using the ``AGPtek USB To MIDI Keyboard Interface Converter Cable Adapter (from here in amazon) it works well with Windows 7 64-bit.
no but cost about 7 dollars at amazon
Yes, it teaches theory as well.
I wouldn't hold your breath. It didn't even work with XP.
No, it won't run on an iPad. The product description says it supports Windows and Mac only. Not only does the iPad have a different operating system (iOS vs. Windows & Mac OSX), it has a completely different hardware architecture (ARM vs. Intel x86). So even if you could find a way to copy the software to the iPad, it just won't run.
I have a yamaha keyboard, and it works like a charm with this program, I have it downloaded on a macbook air.
Yes....I am using it with win 8.1
No
Yes, it will work without an internet connection. The program CD has a Docs folder that has a 293-page Reference Manual in pdf format and a 30-page Getting Started Guide also in pdf format. An internet connection would connect you to detailed online help which is faster but you can also look up such help in the Manual and Guide after you copy the pdf files into your computer from the CD.
You'd have to create your own symbols - then I think it would work
As purchased it came in CD form. I do not know of a source for downloading.
I wish i know the answer..i am getting a hard time using it...
The person I bought this for was trained on CAD software in college. He has never used this version of CAD before. He can't answer your question.
yes
The only Quicken product still available at retail for Mountain Lion is Quicken Essentials. I've used Quicken for many years and am sorry to say Essentials is a poor version. They've eliminated features and reports, made other things that took 1 click in older versions take 2-3 in this one. If you can find a used version of Quicken 2008 you may like it better, but they tend to be very expensive.
It doesn't install as 1.7.2, but after you install it upgrades to the current version.
Yes! I run two accounts on it, syncs up well with the bank and credit cards. I know what money I have, if I remember to add it to the register when I get home!
Yes. It can download all of your checking account activity. Where Quicken Essentials falls short is with investment accounts.
I decided to look into this and was able to download my stock data from Charles Schwab. But the cost basis has to be entered manually as that data did not download. Also, when entering the cost basis, there is no place to enter the purchase date.
yes, i am using 10.7 with no problems on this software
Marty, If you have an Apple computer, I would not advise you to get Quicken Essentials for Mac. I had a Windows computer with Quicken Deluxe before I tried the Apple computer. Quicken Deluxe is a good product but they don't make it for Apple. They have a lame product that they try to pass for Quicken Deluxe but it's worthless as is Essentials. They supposedly have a satisfaction guarantee but they don't stand behind it. So buyer beware! Quicken online customer service is really lame. Again, buyer beware! Quicken Deluxe for Windows is pretty good, however! But if you need customer service or want your money back, forget it.
I recently bought a MacBookPro Retina, and could not the old 2007 version of Quicken, as I have several accounts linked to each other. Fortunately I found on sale at Amazon a newer released version of 2007 Quicken that works very well with Mountain Lion. I strongly recommend it. Previously when this new 2007 version had not been yet available, I had bought Quicken Essentials, and found it almost impossible to use, and wasted my money. I did not try any other programs.
Yes, it is the most recent for personal use. I was used to the windows version and I was expecting something comparable. I would put the money towards something else.
Dont know if you can convert from PC format. I can tell you that the Quicken for Mac version has SIGNIFICANTLY less functionality than the PC version.
I mis-understood the term " teacher" edition. I was thinking it was an edition that would assit you better, or "teach" you how to use the product. But you have to register your teaching facility you work at to get the "teaching" edition. Then you can share it with multiple computers. I guess i will read the small print better. So i couldnt help much.
If I get access to it for use on my current computer, will I be able to use it again when I replace the computer?
Eligibility for Adobe Student & Teacher Editions: Adobe Student and Teacher Editions are for use by: University and college students--students enrolled at a higher education institution defined as an accredited public or private university or college (including community, junior, or vocational college) that grants degrees requiring not less than the equivalent of two years of full-time study1 Primary and secondary school students--students enrolled at an accredited public or private primary or secondary school providing full-time instruction1 Faculty and staff--teachers and staff employed by an accredited primary or secondary school, or a public or private university or college1 Required Proof of Eligibility: In order to install the Adobe Student Edition software, you (or the person you are buying the product for) must first obtain a serial number by submitting proof of eligibility to Adobe according to the instructions included with the product. The following is needed to provide evidence of eligibility: Students: Students must provide a photocopy of a valid, current student ID that includes the student's name, date, and a photo. If the student does not have such an ID, he or she must instead provide a photocopy of a valid photo ID and one of the following items: - Official, current non-photo student ID with name and date - Official, current school transcript indicating name of school and student - Official, current school tuition bill indicating name of school and student - Official, current report card indicating name of school and student - Other official dated proof of enrollment And if you are an student under the age of 18 and you do not have a valid photo ID, you may provide an official letter from your school stating your name and your enrollment status. Teachers, faculty, and staff: Teachers, faculty, and staff must provide a photocopy of a valid, current school ID that includes their name, date, and a photo. If the educator does not have such an ID, he or she must instead provide a photocopy of a valid photo ID and one of the following items: - Faculty or staff paycheck stub - Official letter from the registrar of the educational institution Note on validation: It may take up to three business days to receive confirmation of your proof of eligibility and your serial number from Adobe. You may install your product in trial mode while awaiting receipt of your serial number from Adobe. You may use the product for up to 30 days in trial mode. Restrictions on use: Individuals may purchase only one license of any Adobe Student and Teacher Edition. This license may be used only on privately owned computers. Adobe Student and Teacher Edition products may not be resold. 1. Accredited schools are those that are approved by an association recognized by the U.S. Department of Education/State Board of Education or the Canadian/Provincial Ministries of Education and that teach students as their primary focus. In the U.S., such associations include: Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools, North Central Association of Colleges and Schools, Western Association of Schools and Colleges, Southern Association of Colleges and Schools, New England Association of Schools and Colleges, Northwest Association of Accredited Schools.
No. Per the license rules you can install it on two computers per license and these two can't be used simultaneously. EDIT: Actually didn't realize it was a post about the Student and Teacher Edition. Will try to find out the licensing for this version.
From the Adobe Student & Teacher FAQ page... Q: How many products can I buy? A: You can purchase only one box or download of each education product offered. Based on this, an eligible person can buy 1 copy of the student version for both products.
It is exactly the same program.
I mis-understood the term " teacher" edition. I was thinking it was an edition that would assit you better, or "teach" you how to use the product. But you have to register your teaching facility you work at to get the "teaching" edition. Then you can share it with multiple computers. I guess i will read the small print better. So i couldnt help much.
If I get access to it for use on my current computer, will I be able to use it again when I replace the computer?
Eligibility for Adobe Student & Teacher Editions: Adobe Student and Teacher Editions are for use by: University and college students--students enrolled at a higher education institution defined as an accredited public or private university or college (including community, junior, or vocational college) that grants degrees requiring not less than the equivalent of two years of full-time study1 Primary and secondary school students--students enrolled at an accredited public or private primary or secondary school providing full-time instruction1 Faculty and staff--teachers and staff employed by an accredited primary or secondary school, or a public or private university or college1 Required Proof of Eligibility: In order to install the Adobe Student Edition software, you (or the person you are buying the product for) must first obtain a serial number by submitting proof of eligibility to Adobe according to the instructions included with the product. The following is needed to provide evidence of eligibility: Students: Students must provide a photocopy of a valid, current student ID that includes the student's name, date, and a photo. If the student does not have such an ID, he or she must instead provide a photocopy of a valid photo ID and one of the following items: - Official, current non-photo student ID with name and date - Official, current school transcript indicating name of school and student - Official, current school tuition bill indicating name of school and student - Official, current report card indicating name of school and student - Other official dated proof of enrollment And if you are an student under the age of 18 and you do not have a valid photo ID, you may provide an official letter from your school stating your name and your enrollment status. Teachers, faculty, and staff: Teachers, faculty, and staff must provide a photocopy of a valid, current school ID that includes their name, date, and a photo. If the educator does not have such an ID, he or she must instead provide a photocopy of a valid photo ID and one of the following items: - Faculty or staff paycheck stub - Official letter from the registrar of the educational institution Note on validation: It may take up to three business days to receive confirmation of your proof of eligibility and your serial number from Adobe. You may install your product in trial mode while awaiting receipt of your serial number from Adobe. You may use the product for up to 30 days in trial mode. Restrictions on use: Individuals may purchase only one license of any Adobe Student and Teacher Edition. This license may be used only on privately owned computers. Adobe Student and Teacher Edition products may not be resold. 1. Accredited schools are those that are approved by an association recognized by the U.S. Department of Education/State Board of Education or the Canadian/Provincial Ministries of Education and that teach students as their primary focus. In the U.S., such associations include: Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools, North Central Association of Colleges and Schools, Western Association of Schools and Colleges, Southern Association of Colleges and Schools, New England Association of Schools and Colleges, Northwest Association of Accredited Schools.
No. Per the license rules you can install it on two computers per license and these two can't be used simultaneously. EDIT: Actually didn't realize it was a post about the Student and Teacher Edition. Will try to find out the licensing for this version.
From the Adobe Student & Teacher FAQ page... Q: How many products can I buy? A: You can purchase only one box or download of each education product offered. Based on this, an eligible person can buy 1 copy of the student version for both products.
It is exactly the same program.
I've read on the Finale website that there were some problems. I'm not sure if they have all been resolved. Go to their website, check the user forums or send them a question. I've sent a few questions in the past and they do respond promptly. I've been cautious about updating the OS as well. Good luck!
Shelley: It's a whole year now since you wrote this post, but if you are still following it I would love to know what you decided as I am facing the same issue now (not upgrading, but acquiring the program). George
As far as I know, Finale can't do that, but I don't know any other software that does. Maybe some sort of piano educational software?
The program has a "Building Wizard" which has a couple of garage/house configurations, but these only give you the basic outline, as with any other building that you may want to create. All the elements are there for insertion, including a variety of garage doors and roof types. Basically, you can use the wizard or create any building freehand, simply by starting with drawing the walls....then go from there. It takes a little practice and I suggest that you make a hardcopy of the startup manual and run through it a couple of times before trying it from scratch. You can download this from the CAD website. Enjoy.
I have the 3D V9 that didn't convert and I've used TurboCAD 2D since V1.7 that would convert to later 2D versions with a free V1 to V2 program! For 3D drawings that are totally realistic I have and use Chief Architect V-10! As the 2D I get from these 3D drawings isn't any good for fine drawings I switch to TurboCAD v18! While Chief Architect V-10 has the availability of a fine 2D drawing I prefer working in dedicated 2D programs! I originally learned architecture with a drafting board and a slide-rule so once I've found ways that work I use them!
I am in the process of sending this back, we could not get it to work.
We had that happen too. I think you must go in the tools or settings and change it to take the infor from the sd card. I believe that's how we fixed. We used in Dec1023-Jan2014 in South Africa and it worked AWESOME!!!!
Yes, it comes on a MicroSD card, therefore make sure your Garmin has a MircoSD slot.
Yes it comes with the MicroSD card and as long as your device has the MicroSD slot you are ready to go. We used through our extensive 7 week travels through SA and except for new streets that had been added since our departure we fully relied on the maps and enjoyed our travels with ease!
As far as I know, yes. However, before buying a map, check whats on it. I bought S-E Asia, and upon arrival concluded that Laos was not on the map.
The international shipping is calculated by Amazon, but sometimes they charge ridiculously high which is completely unfair, if that happens I will refund your excess shipping fees. The normal cost and insurance should be no more than $10
Yes we ship to Canada Thanks
The current latest version of the micro sd version is 2014.20 as of this writing. Make sure ask for version number from the seller you are going to buy from before purchase either new or used, as well as compatibility. There are 4 updates for each year version. So 2014.20 is the second update of 2014 map.
I bought this last year: it is a microSD ( see also description further down on the page)
Mine came on disk, but there was an update available that I downloaded and just used the license number from the retail package
I can't put my hands on my package for this but I researched this question about a year or so ago and my recollection is that you can actually run it legally on a small peer-to-peer network of 3 users. I have used this program for 25 years--including on networks. It is rock solid for what it is. Unfortunately for small time guys like me I think their successor is trying to take it to a higher level to compete with CRM systems which I'm sure it can do. However, they are pricing guys like me out of the market. The bad news is there probably won't be any support for this version going forward. The good news is you probably won't need it. I also wouldn't expect the folks who've sold out to come after you for license infractions but you never know.
I used a version prior to ACT 2000 and it imported my data. The only issue I had was using a none standard directory for my data. It thinks stuff is in the MyDocument directory. I pin my Program file to the task bar, It remembers the files I have opened and there's no problem
Purchased this product and could never make it work to my satisfaction, even with one user. I had owned an older version of ACT and had loved it. This one was not user friendly. I wrote a review on this product in 2011 and I stand by that opinion 100%. I have moved on to a more reliable system, and I suggest you do likewise.
Just one. It is a single user license that gives you an install code that will only allow one installation.
Sorry, don't know for sure. Works on Windows 7 though.
You need to create a look-up of what contacts you want i.e. city, state, etc. Go to View&gt;Reports&gt;check off on the list what you want and click on Run Reports and look at the preview and select All Contacts.
Yes, ACT! is compatible with Windows 7 both 32 and 64-bit. But it is only compatible with MS Office 32-bit versions. Lennart zoft80.com
NO, using Windows 7 This version does not have the SIDEACT feature. Get a newer version if you like SideAct. In order to get the reminder functionality, you have to start ACT! when you start your computer
I have a Windows 7 Pro 64 bit system and have had no problems with ACT!
There is an annual fee for support. That includes any upgrades to the software, but it also means you can ask any questions you have by e-mail or by phone, and you will get a prompt and helpful reply. (I see they now have online chat support, but I have never used that.) The cost last time was $45. But this is not "Gotcha," because they are up front about it. If you do not update, the program will still work. (I am still using Quicken Basic 2002, by the way! But only for tracking expenses, not for investments. I will have to buy a new version if and when I need to use Quicken on a 64-bit system.) I have found the annual fee well worth it.
If you subscribe to their QuoteMedia service you can update prices. Check their web site.
yes, you can set up a different portfolio for each asset class. Go to their website I'm pretty sure they have a 30 free trial and you can try it out.
I haven't had such transactions but that is similar to stock mergers which the program handles easily. You would be exchanging funds rather than stock.
From the wesbite: Minimum System Requirements: Pentium Class Processor 1 GB RAM (32-bit) or 2 GB RAM (64-bit) if Windows 7 machine 2 GB Hard Drive Space Microsoft XP, Vista, Windows 7 or Windows 8 Internet Access So it looks like this is Windows only.
I do not see why the citizenship of the investor in publicly traded securities should matter.
I have no experience with this. IAM can generate an upside-downside report. It seems it can also generate projected earnings and projected growth, but doing that may depend on subscribing to a data-download service. I suggest you simply ask the developers. This is a small company that responds to questions. They are straight shooters and will not con you in any way.
When I recently purchased the premium edition of Dragon NaturallySpeaking (version 11 upgraded to 11.5), I was told that the software could be used on a maximum of three different computers by the same individual. I have it installed on two different machines.
It will work with mp3 files. Select "TOOLS"; then "Transcribe Recording" enter the file name, etc and it will go to work.
yes
The Nuance website lists this feature matrix which shows that Dragon Remote Mircophone (for iPhone) only works with DNS Premium or higher. http://www.nuance.com/ucmprod/groups/dragon/@web-enus/documents/collateral/nc_016429.pdf
No, there is NO voice recognition software that can do this at all well in 2012. You know how when you call an airline or bank and get into arguments with their voice recognition software that tries to listen to what you need? It's a long-term goal to develop reliable voice transcription that can listen to multiple people with multiple voicings and dialects speaking conversationally, but it's not even close to being implemented yet. Right now, the state of the art for voice recognition, which Dragon employs, is that each user develops his or her own personal user profile that gets more accurate the more it's used. Dragon can only use one user profile per session. The software has to be restarted to load a different user profile for a different speaker, so it's totally impractical in a meeting- or courtroom-type setting where several people may speak a sentence or two in turn. Dragon would do a very poor job in this setting without restarting it to change to a different user profile as the speaker changed--way too many errors to be useful. There is transcription hardware available elsewhere that tries to work around this using Dragon and Word. You need a translator, who re-dictates what he or she hears the meeting or courtroom participants say as they're speaking, much like a foreign translator at the United Nations. This person wears a device that looks like an oxygen mask (to focus the input to Dragon to that user profile, and also to reduce the noise in the meeting or courtroom from having another person speak simultaneously). The people who sell this hardware say that it works well and saves years of practice with a stenography machine such as the ones used by courtroom reporters. I haven't tried it, so I can't say if it's a good workaround, though I do agree that in theory, it sounds workable with a little practice on the part of the re-dictator.
Well I bought an Olympus DM-420 that came bundled with the "Digital Recorder" version of Dragon NS 10. (This has been sitting on my desk for a long while because I didn't have the time to do the training previously) I did the voice training and started converting files. Some of the recordings where made while driving and the sound quality is probably below what is reasonable. But even the recordings that were done in quiet areas where my speech is clear and not noisy, DNS generates mostly random words that have nothing to do with what I'm saying in the recording. I'm really disappointed. I'm also glad I haven't invested a lot of time in recording things with the expectation of converting them "eventually". The fact it basically doesn't work means the audio files I do have are useless. Even taking the recording I made to do the training and running it through the transcription program generates substantial errors, that are clearly program bugs. About half way through that transcription it stopped using spaces allthewordswereruntogether. Three times now (version 1 and version 10 and one somewhere in between) Dragon's demos and the various good reviews have suckered me into buying their product, at this point I'm giving up. Either there is something about my voice, or their technology doesn't really work.
I cannot answer this question as I bought this as a gift for someone. Sorry I couldn't help.
I have windows 8 and it works fine
Not USB. tow connections input and mic. Can't determine brand name. It looks and feels cheap but works well with software.
yes it does, it works with all the Microsoft Office just make sure you have a powerful computer and a good headset. Good luck
Yes - mine came with a headset microphone.
I tried Windows Vista speech program and nearly threw my laptop out in the yard! It was SO frustrating, adding words when I would take a breath, trying to predict what I was going to say. Dragon didn't do that. We are still learning each other, but I will say I prefer it to Vista. Hope this helps.
Yes, Pace, it can be used that way. You would have to be patient as you started. You might find it frustrating when you didn't know how to do something or when the program didn't seem to be cooperating. If you can get someone to help you or have another way of operating a browser, check out the videos for Dragon NaturallySpeaking on YouTube to see how it works. To make a correction, I'm looking at your original post. Say you'd stumbled slightly when dictating, and Dragon had transcribed the phrase "something I'd have to learn elsewhere" as "something I'd have to burn elsewhere". (I doubt it would make that error if you hadn't stumbled when dictating.) Speaking in your microphone, you'd tell Dragon "Select 'burn.'" Dragon would highlight the word 'burn.' Since you made a dictation error, you could just repronounce "learn," and Dragon would probably make the correction. If it didn't work, you'd say, "Correct that." Dragon would pop down a drop-down menu with about ten alternate words it thinks you might have meant. If you saw "learn" as #6, you'd say, "Choose 6," and Dragon would make the correction. If "learn" wasn't in the list, you'd say, "Spell that... l... e... a... r... n..." [Your spelling would now appear as Choice #1 in the drop-down correction list for "burn"]. You'd say "Choose 1," and Dragon would make the correction. It would also remember and associate your pronunciation of the word with your spelling, and if it heard it again, it would *usually* not make the same mistake. (Like humans, sometimes Dragon needs repeat corrections of the same error but does eventually get it.) That's also the way you teach Dragon a new word or phrase it's never heard before and can't find in the computer's dictionary. Dragon actually prefers you spell a new or corrected word or phrase aloud than type it in. Dragon isn't trained by typed entry. It has to be spoken aloud (or selected from the Choose Correction drop-down menu) for Dragon to learn. Dragon may come with a few training tutorials, though only enough to get you started; however, there is much more material available online for free on the Nuance website and on other sites as YouTube. Dragon does have a learning curve that I would describe as moderate in difficulty. You need a good headset. The packaged headsets in some Dragon editions are just so-so, and more expensive headsets will perform better with fewer errors needing correction. Dragon gets much better at working with you as you train it and vice versa. If you've ever been to a dog training class, and I don't mean this in any way to be demeaning, as I love dogs, but you realize in a dog training class, the reason that you don't just drop the dog off and come back to pick him up later "all trained now" is that in dog training class, you're training the dog, but the dog and the teacher are also training you. So it is with training Dragon. You have to learn it. It does take some practice. Some people get too impatient early on and can't do it. You, Pace, would have a strong motivation to keep at it and would probably do very well with it and find it helpful. In addition to entering text, Dragon 11 can be used to control Word 2003+, browsers, and of course, Dragon itself--by that I mean, you can issue many of the program commands in those programs aloud and they will execute. The premium edition of Dragon 11 can also issue commands in Excel 2003+ without keyboard or mouse. Most other programs, however, cannot be operated by Dragon, so for those you still need some way to input commands such as open file, save, etc. To do this in Word at least, Dragon often also needs at least a computer with a dual- or quad-core processor, and extra memory helps Dragon generally. A ten year old laptop computer or even a new netbook computer may not have enough hardware resources to run Dragon 11 and execute commands in Word well.
Hi Testmaster -- we do offer the Premium Edition without the recorder. It is available on AmazonDragon Naturally Speaking Premium 11 There are many other differences in the Premium Edition, but you are correct that if you want to transcribe recorded files, you cannot do that with the Home Edition. Peter Mahoney SVP & GM, Dragon Nuance Communications
I use the Koss CS100 speech recognition headset. Very good!
yes, very good instructions and to follow with the set up program.
I can not mske it work ... The money was wasted.
Don't see why not, works for emails, word documents, and bloggers.
I am using 11, the old version, and I'm very happy with it. I use it daily, and the approximately $30 price tag makes this version an excellent value for the money. It has a couple of idiosyncracies ( I probably misspelled that....), but I would still recommend it. It has trouble with homonyms, and will capitalize and punctuate on its own sometimes, but for thirty bucks you can't beat it. Good luck!
Dragon 11 can enter data into cells in Excel, yes, as long as she can navigate between the cells and operate the program using mouse or keyboard. If she needs to be able to control the program with Dragon rather than by using a keyboard or mouse, so that she is using Dragon to open the spreadsheet, navigate around the spreadsheet (such as jumping down 12 rows and over one column to select a different cell and make an entry there), save the updated spreadsheet, etc., she needs Excel 2003+, Dragon 11 Premium edition (NOT Home edition, which cannot operate Excel with commands, though Home edition can still enter Dragon-dictated data into the cells), and ideally, a fairly new and powerful laptop or desktop computer with reasonably good resources including extra memory. It will run on an underpowered or old computer, just not as well, and may balk at executing program commands. Even Premium edition Dragon 11 cannot execute dictated commands in most programs other than Word, Excel, PowerPoint, web browsers, and itself-- for that, you still need to be able to use a keyboard and/or mouse. She also needs a good headset. The packaged headsets included with some versions of Dragon are just so-so. Better headsets make fewer errors.
Yes it will. I just install Serif PhotoplusX4 on my brand new computer with Windows 8.1, did not have any problems. Hope this was helpful.
Hi Francis, PhotoPlus X4 supports RAW files (.raf) on these Fuji cameras: FinePix E550, FinePix E900, FinePix F700, FinePix F710, FinePix F800, FinePix F810, FinePix S2Pro, FinePix S3Pro, FinePix S5Pro, FinePix S20Pro, FinePix S100FS, FinePix S5000, FinePix S5100/S5500, FinePix S5200/S5600, FinePix S6000fd, FinePix S7000, FinePix S9000/S9500, FinePix S9100/S9600, FinePix S200EXR, FinePix HS10/HS11, IS-1. We hope that helps. Kind regards, Serif Support.
yes, it will work on win7 or 8 for sure, as I am using it on both currently. I really like it and have had several earlier versions of this sofeware.
I don't know. I got this for my wife and she never used it. Never took it out of the box.
Yes I have Windows 7 OS and it works fine on it.
This is old software. They try to sell you the new software. It really messed up my computer. Made it impossible to just print a picture. Don't buy this software. I took it off my computer and threw the disc away.
The simple answer is yes.
Jewel Case
It's actually not an upgrade at all, but a complete software program. There is a new version 3 of Print Shop that sells for nearly $50 and I bought that when my old Print Shop wasn't compatible with Windows 7. V23 is great...very uncomplicated like the older versions of PS. Hope this helps.
I have not used the certificates part of Print Shop but I just checked it out and they have a very wide variety of certificates that you can create. Good luck.
When the document is done you can click on the file tab and save as a PDF.
It worked on Windows XP and also on Windows 8.1. Can't believe it wouldn't work on Windows 7.
My box states Version 23. All I know is it works well with my Windows 7 and Windows 8 laptops. I've used it for a few months and have had no issues with it. I have always likes using all the older versions of Print Shop over the years so that's why I bought the newest one because I upgraded my computers.
No, you can only open printshop files in printshop.
You know, I thought it was just something I did wrong. Example: I will have a one page project that I need 15 copies of and sometimes it will only print one copy no matter how many I put in for it to print and other times I get all the copies I ask for. So now that you say that, I'd have to say it is a glitch. I have Windows 7 also and an old HP Office Jet Printer.
I believe you just can delete it. I have never don this kind of thing.
No, unlike Quicken iBank does not have a Class designation. You can do sub categories such as TAXES:Federal, TAXES:State, TAXES:City, etc. You can subcategorize any category.
I only use it for personal finances. Your best bet would be tobtrybit out. You should be able to down load trial version to test drive to see how it works for you.
No need for that you select the Country at the beginning so it will select the correct currency.
I am away from my home computer right now so I can't tell you exactly which version, BUT when I went to install it, it gave me a few worries and so I called customer support and they did their magic and took my numbers and then downloaded the current/best version for running on on an iMac/OS 10.8.2. They were helpful and polite and after the download all went smoothly and I moved ahead. I think you could download the free trial version and then when you decide it works for you, then just purchase it directly from IGG. Hope this is helpful. I am not a heavy iBank user, but have been pleased with my limited use.
It looks like it to me, as well. I've used the product for three years. It is not as robust as Quicken in terms of its reporting capabilities, but it's much more stable than Quicken and has an excellent interface. It's not like Quicken is even trying to serve the Mac OS, anyway. I would never switch back.
I suggest that you check the developer's website.
I have ibank 4.7.3 and it works on my Mac with OS X 10.9.4
iBank does not include checks, but you can print to any size check, preprinted or not - you can even print to plain paper.
I am not aware of any. I only use this for my investments, not for banking, etc. or I would be happy to help you.
No, unlike Quicken iBank does not have a Class designation. You can do sub categories such as TAXES:Federal, TAXES:State, TAXES:City, etc. You can subcategorize any category.
I only use it for personal finances. Your best bet would be tobtrybit out. You should be able to down load trial version to test drive to see how it works for you.
No need for that you select the Country at the beginning so it will select the correct currency.
I am away from my home computer right now so I can't tell you exactly which version, BUT when I went to install it, it gave me a few worries and so I called customer support and they did their magic and took my numbers and then downloaded the current/best version for running on on an iMac/OS 10.8.2. They were helpful and polite and after the download all went smoothly and I moved ahead. I think you could download the free trial version and then when you decide it works for you, then just purchase it directly from IGG. Hope this is helpful. I am not a heavy iBank user, but have been pleased with my limited use.
It looks like it to me, as well. I've used the product for three years. It is not as robust as Quicken in terms of its reporting capabilities, but it's much more stable than Quicken and has an excellent interface. It's not like Quicken is even trying to serve the Mac OS, anyway. I would never switch back.
I suggest that you check the developer's website.
I have ibank 4.7.3 and it works on my Mac with OS X 10.9.4
iBank does not include checks, but you can print to any size check, preprinted or not - you can even print to plain paper.
I am not aware of any. I only use this for my investments, not for banking, etc. or I would be happy to help you.
Q: Are your sets actual software? A: No, they are Photoshop PSD format multi-layered templates. They are created and organized multi-layered graphics, backdrops, fonts & elements to save you countless hours. All the hard work is done. All you have to do is add your photos. They will work on any operating system and Photoshop or compatible PSD type image editing software.
Yes, it will. (and does...)
They are all 300dpi and easily can be enlarged. Most printing sites would downsize the image file to 200dpi for such a large canvas primt.
I honestly think these are a waste of money! I am not impressed in any way, shape or form with these layouts and how they are used. If I were you, I'd spend the extra money for another set ;)
Yes. I to ram into this when I 1st bought them. I have Adobe cs6
Our Sports V1 Template set that comes with this massive collection is design to allow any sport theme with it's modern layout. Let us know if you have any questions Clayton TheGraphicOutlet
Yes. All our templates allow for detailed changed. Dates, names, background graphic elements and much more. Let us know if you need anything else. Clayton TheGraphicOutlet
I can't give website links here, but several examples are shown in display area here. Just click and browes
Idk if it works with elements but it does work as a stand alone cause it's like frames
The Original&,everything up to present!(Really can't go Wrong!!).I have no regrets!. I hope this helps:)
I own iLife'04 and iLife'11 but not iLife'09. The promos and packaging of iLife'11 suggest the major improvements since iLife'09 are to iPhoto (v.9), iMovie (v.9), and GarageBand (v.6). Although iWeb and iDVD are are again included in the 5-app iLife'11 bundle, I don't think there's been much if any change to these apps since iLife'09. The version of iDVD that came with iLife'11 was v7.1 (so you can check against your current version). Personally, I needed iWeb v3 to solve v2 backwards compatibility problems.
Yes you can. But make sure you have a backup through Time Machine. The upload of iDVD may mess up iPhoto.
Yes it does. I only chose to install iDVD as the newer Macs don't come with it. I kept the current version of iMovie and it works fine with the older version of iDVD.
9.0 is on the disc. Once you install it from the disk, you'll want to immediately update it BEFORE launching iPhoto for the first time. There is a data loss bug in 9.0. The latest version is 9.4.2. Enjoy
I don't know about not writing over iLife '09. However, when I installed the old version of iLife 11, the installation DID NOT write over my iLife 6. So your guess is as good as mine!!!
I do know about Snow Leopard, it works with the latest ver of mountain lion
As was explained to me at Apple, the iLife '11 is necessary to install OSX Yosemite, 10.10.2. Hence it precedes Yosemite. Therefore, if your Mac has Yosemite, then the iLife '11 features are already available. At the same time, if you do not have Yosemite then iLife '11 is a necessary software upgrade to install Yosemite properly. I hope this helps.
I have Mavericks 10.9.1, and I bought it for iMovie '11. It works great - assume that it would for 10.9.5 as well.
It worked just fine on my Mac OSX10 from 2011. I no longer have this machine so I do not remember the exact OSX designation. In any event, I would give this a try. The greatest probability is that it will work.
The Original&,everything up to present!(Really can't go Wrong!!).I have no regrets!. I hope this helps:)
I own iLife'04 and iLife'11 but not iLife'09. The promos and packaging of iLife'11 suggest the major improvements since iLife'09 are to iPhoto (v.9), iMovie (v.9), and GarageBand (v.6). Although iWeb and iDVD are are again included in the 5-app iLife'11 bundle, I don't think there's been much if any change to these apps since iLife'09. The version of iDVD that came with iLife'11 was v7.1 (so you can check against your current version). Personally, I needed iWeb v3 to solve v2 backwards compatibility problems.
Yes you can. But make sure you have a backup through Time Machine. The upload of iDVD may mess up iPhoto.
Yes it does. I only chose to install iDVD as the newer Macs don't come with it. I kept the current version of iMovie and it works fine with the older version of iDVD.
9.0 is on the disc. Once you install it from the disk, you'll want to immediately update it BEFORE launching iPhoto for the first time. There is a data loss bug in 9.0. The latest version is 9.4.2. Enjoy
I don't know about not writing over iLife '09. However, when I installed the old version of iLife 11, the installation DID NOT write over my iLife 6. So your guess is as good as mine!!!
I do know about Snow Leopard, it works with the latest ver of mountain lion
As was explained to me at Apple, the iLife '11 is necessary to install OSX Yosemite, 10.10.2. Hence it precedes Yosemite. Therefore, if your Mac has Yosemite, then the iLife '11 features are already available. At the same time, if you do not have Yosemite then iLife '11 is a necessary software upgrade to install Yosemite properly. I hope this helps.
I have Mavericks 10.9.1, and I bought it for iMovie '11. It works great - assume that it would for 10.9.5 as well.
It worked just fine on my Mac OSX10 from 2011. I no longer have this machine so I do not remember the exact OSX designation. In any event, I would give this a try. The greatest probability is that it will work.
Hi Stuart. I used one of Laplink's 'PCMover' programs to upgrade from Vista to Win7; it worked really well and was simple to use.There is a PDF guide which you can download and print out; this takes you step by step through the upgrade process. Laplink's support team headed by Ray Pettit is excellent; you can chat online for help if needed. This link will advise you which program is most suitable : http://www.laplink.com/index.php/individuals/pcmover-for-windows-8/feature-overview Regards Bob.
Yes, the files remain on your old computer.
Sorry, I cannot answer that. I never got it to work for me at all.
Dan, Yes it moves the system. It has defaults that suggest which programs to move. The defaults can be overridden. Your new MS system will have a built in mover which suggests a special cable. The cost of the cable is about the same as the price for PC Mover which comes with a cable.
As far as I unders
Yes, the terms state 1 user & 2 computers, a primary computer and portable computer. B
Your license would cover any number users on one computer. You can also install it on a second computer, provided it is for one of the original users and isn't used at the same time as the original installation.
Yes, it is a software disc that will be shipped to you.
I'd suggest using BusyCal. You can try a trial version and see if you like it and if it suits your purpose. I use it and love it. It's like iCal on steroids. It also keeps all of my calendar information synced with Google and from there back down to my iPhone. If I edit anything through BusyCal, Google or my iPhone, it automatically updates to the other two areas.
Yes, it is.
I don't think you have to uninstall, but you may have to contact Microsoft so they can honor the old Key. Try installing -it may work and you then won't have to do anything.
No. This is a package of native Mac OS X applications with a normal Mac installer.
Yes, it does. There are updates issued that will download through Microsoft Update process that will bring it up to speed. The email with your question came in on MS Outlook as example.
YES.
Download was within a few minutes, I can use the program on my MAC and then work the same document on a Microsoft computer. yes back and forth very nice program. If you are use to the Microsoft Office you will catch on quick with the MAC style program. GREAT BUY!!!! contact me at lschubkegel at yahoo if you need more information..
Yes, the terms state 1 user & 2 computers, a primary computer and portable computer. B
Your license would cover any number users on one computer. You can also install it on a second computer, provided it is for one of the original users and isn't used at the same time as the original installation.
Yes, it is a software disc that will be shipped to you.
I'd suggest using BusyCal. You can try a trial version and see if you like it and if it suits your purpose. I use it and love it. It's like iCal on steroids. It also keeps all of my calendar information synced with Google and from there back down to my iPhone. If I edit anything through BusyCal, Google or my iPhone, it automatically updates to the other two areas.
Yes, it is.
I don't think you have to uninstall, but you may have to contact Microsoft so they can honor the old Key. Try installing -it may work and you then won't have to do anything.
No. This is a package of native Mac OS X applications with a normal Mac installer.
Yes, it does. There are updates issued that will download through Microsoft Update process that will bring it up to speed. The email with your question came in on MS Outlook as example.
YES.
Download was within a few minutes, I can use the program on my MAC and then work the same document on a Microsoft computer. yes back and forth very nice program. If you are use to the Microsoft Office you will catch on quick with the MAC style program. GREAT BUY!!!! contact me at lschubkegel at yahoo if you need more information..
You are right. You should be able to save files as Word .doc or Excel .xls files. However, I took minutes at a Board of Directors meeting and could not successfully save the document so it could be read in Microsoft. I ended up printing the pages, then retyping them into Word. I'm not savvy with the MacBook Pro yet, but had a girl working for me who knew Apple well and could not convert the file to a readable .doc file. I think the Mac version of Office is the better way to go. Good luck. P.S. love your movies!
This is a DVD.
I just contacted Apple after installing Lion and finding out-to my dismay-that Office 2004 & earlier aren't supported (PowerPC based). The reviews of Office 2011 don't look like that version is stable. So, if I buy 2008, I actually have to uninstall Lion and re-install Snow Leopard? Apple's solution was to buy the upgrade of office or reinstall Snow Leopard-which they said was "very difficult". This is absolutely unacceptable! When I asked whether it was an oversight or intentional that PowerPC wasn't supported by Lion, I got "I don't know, I don't have communication with the developers". Pages won't open office documents either. So...given the choices, I am extraordinarily disappointed with Apple on this one and hope they will come up with a solution, upgrade or patch that works. In the meantime, Try downloading Neo Office for free. It works with Lion even though it is a very basic word processing system. Anybody at Apple listening?
I believe the designation of family means that product has 3 users/3 licenses to load the software, while the other on only has 1user/1 license.
I only have one Mac, so I haven't tested the permissible number but the box calls it a "family pack" and says it is licensed for up to three Macs per household.
Not exactly sure but Office 2013 is out making this Office 2011 for MAC version an "old version". That being said I take my .doc and .ppt's to church where we use different versions of Office (2003, 2007, 2010) on several different PC's and the Office MAC documents work without issue. I'm very happy with the program.
Microsoft has stated that there is no plan to release MS Office 2013 for Mac, only an update that would enable Microsoft's cloud storage option. Your free upgrade would presumably apply to the next Mac version, when it ultimately is delivered.
Mine did. And it works really well on my Mac.
Yes it does, I am using it with Mountain Lion OS 10.8.6
Hi. Publisher is not part of the program. I've never used it so I don't know - I've always used Quark or Creative Suite. Sorry I can't be of more help.
You are right. You should be able to save files as Word .doc or Excel .xls files. However, I took minutes at a Board of Directors meeting and could not successfully save the document so it could be read in Microsoft. I ended up printing the pages, then retyping them into Word. I'm not savvy with the MacBook Pro yet, but had a girl working for me who knew Apple well and could not convert the file to a readable .doc file. I think the Mac version of Office is the better way to go. Good luck. P.S. love your movies!
This is a DVD.
I just contacted Apple after installing Lion and finding out-to my dismay-that Office 2004 & earlier aren't supported (PowerPC based). The reviews of Office 2011 don't look like that version is stable. So, if I buy 2008, I actually have to uninstall Lion and re-install Snow Leopard? Apple's solution was to buy the upgrade of office or reinstall Snow Leopard-which they said was "very difficult". This is absolutely unacceptable! When I asked whether it was an oversight or intentional that PowerPC wasn't supported by Lion, I got "I don't know, I don't have communication with the developers". Pages won't open office documents either. So...given the choices, I am extraordinarily disappointed with Apple on this one and hope they will come up with a solution, upgrade or patch that works. In the meantime, Try downloading Neo Office for free. It works with Lion even though it is a very basic word processing system. Anybody at Apple listening?
I believe the designation of family means that product has 3 users/3 licenses to load the software, while the other on only has 1user/1 license.
I only have one Mac, so I haven't tested the permissible number but the box calls it a "family pack" and says it is licensed for up to three Macs per household.
Not exactly sure but Office 2013 is out making this Office 2011 for MAC version an "old version". That being said I take my .doc and .ppt's to church where we use different versions of Office (2003, 2007, 2010) on several different PC's and the Office MAC documents work without issue. I'm very happy with the program.
Microsoft has stated that there is no plan to release MS Office 2013 for Mac, only an update that would enable Microsoft's cloud storage option. Your free upgrade would presumably apply to the next Mac version, when it ultimately is delivered.
Mine did. And it works really well on my Mac.
Yes it does, I am using it with Mountain Lion OS 10.8.6
Hi. Publisher is not part of the program. I've never used it so I don't know - I've always used Quark or Creative Suite. Sorry I can't be of more help.
You are right. You should be able to save files as Word .doc or Excel .xls files. However, I took minutes at a Board of Directors meeting and could not successfully save the document so it could be read in Microsoft. I ended up printing the pages, then retyping them into Word. I'm not savvy with the MacBook Pro yet, but had a girl working for me who knew Apple well and could not convert the file to a readable .doc file. I think the Mac version of Office is the better way to go. Good luck. P.S. love your movies!
This is a DVD.
I just contacted Apple after installing Lion and finding out-to my dismay-that Office 2004 & earlier aren't supported (PowerPC based). The reviews of Office 2011 don't look like that version is stable. So, if I buy 2008, I actually have to uninstall Lion and re-install Snow Leopard? Apple's solution was to buy the upgrade of office or reinstall Snow Leopard-which they said was "very difficult". This is absolutely unacceptable! When I asked whether it was an oversight or intentional that PowerPC wasn't supported by Lion, I got "I don't know, I don't have communication with the developers". Pages won't open office documents either. So...given the choices, I am extraordinarily disappointed with Apple on this one and hope they will come up with a solution, upgrade or patch that works. In the meantime, Try downloading Neo Office for free. It works with Lion even though it is a very basic word processing system. Anybody at Apple listening?
I believe the designation of family means that product has 3 users/3 licenses to load the software, while the other on only has 1user/1 license.
I only have one Mac, so I haven't tested the permissible number but the box calls it a "family pack" and says it is licensed for up to three Macs per household.
Not exactly sure but Office 2013 is out making this Office 2011 for MAC version an "old version". That being said I take my .doc and .ppt's to church where we use different versions of Office (2003, 2007, 2010) on several different PC's and the Office MAC documents work without issue. I'm very happy with the program.
Microsoft has stated that there is no plan to release MS Office 2013 for Mac, only an update that would enable Microsoft's cloud storage option. Your free upgrade would presumably apply to the next Mac version, when it ultimately is delivered.
Mine did. And it works really well on my Mac.
Yes it does, I am using it with Mountain Lion OS 10.8.6
Hi. Publisher is not part of the program. I've never used it so I don't know - I've always used Quark or Creative Suite. Sorry I can't be of more help.
You are right. You should be able to save files as Word .doc or Excel .xls files. However, I took minutes at a Board of Directors meeting and could not successfully save the document so it could be read in Microsoft. I ended up printing the pages, then retyping them into Word. I'm not savvy with the MacBook Pro yet, but had a girl working for me who knew Apple well and could not convert the file to a readable .doc file. I think the Mac version of Office is the better way to go. Good luck. P.S. love your movies!
This is a DVD.
I just contacted Apple after installing Lion and finding out-to my dismay-that Office 2004 & earlier aren't supported (PowerPC based). The reviews of Office 2011 don't look like that version is stable. So, if I buy 2008, I actually have to uninstall Lion and re-install Snow Leopard? Apple's solution was to buy the upgrade of office or reinstall Snow Leopard-which they said was "very difficult". This is absolutely unacceptable! When I asked whether it was an oversight or intentional that PowerPC wasn't supported by Lion, I got "I don't know, I don't have communication with the developers". Pages won't open office documents either. So...given the choices, I am extraordinarily disappointed with Apple on this one and hope they will come up with a solution, upgrade or patch that works. In the meantime, Try downloading Neo Office for free. It works with Lion even though it is a very basic word processing system. Anybody at Apple listening?
I believe the designation of family means that product has 3 users/3 licenses to load the software, while the other on only has 1user/1 license.
I only have one Mac, so I haven't tested the permissible number but the box calls it a "family pack" and says it is licensed for up to three Macs per household.
Not exactly sure but Office 2013 is out making this Office 2011 for MAC version an "old version". That being said I take my .doc and .ppt's to church where we use different versions of Office (2003, 2007, 2010) on several different PC's and the Office MAC documents work without issue. I'm very happy with the program.
Microsoft has stated that there is no plan to release MS Office 2013 for Mac, only an update that would enable Microsoft's cloud storage option. Your free upgrade would presumably apply to the next Mac version, when it ultimately is delivered.
Mine did. And it works really well on my Mac.
Yes it does, I am using it with Mountain Lion OS 10.8.6
Hi. Publisher is not part of the program. I've never used it so I don't know - I've always used Quark or Creative Suite. Sorry I can't be of more help.
Hi there! Thank you for your question. With this product there is a selection for different languages, and German is one of them once the product key is entered it gives you an option of what language. if you were to need assistance we do have techs that can install for you. If i can help further please let me know. -Andy
Hi there! Thank you for your question. This software comes with install disc and activation key. If you have any further questions please let us know. -Thank you!
Hi there! Thank you for your question. This version is in English, but you can select different languages if you wish. -Andy
Yes one!
Im debating between those 2 as well, I always loved canon lenses, image quality in my opinion always outranked Sony. But recently my father bought the Sony a55 and image quality is amazing, my 12 year old sister took some pictures with it, and they look like done by a pro. Any help from experienced pros please!!!!, thanks in advance, I appreciate it!!
S. Martin is correct. Because of online activation, Adobe will "know" if you have it on three computers (I own and use three computers and wish this was not so, but it is what it is). However, you can leave the software installed on more than two computers, and deactivate it on one machine and activate it on another, just as long as it's only "active" on two computers at the same time.
Elements 9 should be able to do anything you want in terms of scanning and improving photos, unless there is a glitch in reading or accepting the scanner's driver.... which may happen if the driver for the scanner is old. When it is all working correctly, the scanner's name will show up in the import option of the left-most pull down in Elements. When you choose it and the scanner is on, you should get an interface to do the scan and the file turns up directly in the Elements editor when it is done. If there IS a compatibility issue, scans can be made with a number of accessories and freewares.... including my favorite.... Irfanview. Those files can be saved in a JPEG or TIFF format and then easily opened up for editing in Elements.
You can find many Photoshop Elements tutorials on YouTube. Start here http://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=photoshop+elements+9+tutorial&aq=4
I have the same problem.
Elements includes Adobe Camera Raw, the same raw editor as Photoshop CS5. As new cameras are supported, you can keep upgrading the camera raw plug-in at Adobe.com
Update! Rebate form was in the box. You may have missed it, it was in with all the other advertisements. When I called Amazon I had to click on the product then the more info button, then a price comes up showing the rebate price of $20.00 with a form button next to it, I clicked that and it gave me the form to print HOWEVER you can not send this form in it has to be the original from the box. That's when I went back through everything that was in the box and found the form.
If you are going to buy Photoshop Elements and have Windows 8** already on your computer, I would recommend you get the latest version of Photoshop. I believe elements 9 would work under the compatibility mode setting; but, you would not have the best or the most current version of Photoshop . There are a number of updates that make the program work much better. Best to get the latest that is written to work with the latest windows OS.
I quit using Elements 9 because it was so complicated. I had elements 6 and thought 9 might be better. I use Microsoft Digital Imaging Anniversary Edition 2006 and Picasa which is free and it does everything I want to do and them some. I save everything in jpeg. When saving in Digital imaging I have a choice in which format I want to save a picture in. If your picture is in Elements 9 go to file and save as and you will have a choice of the format.
I'm not real sure but when I upgraded to a 64 bit computer I had to buy a new Photoshop because my original was a 32. Check out the other answers and also where you bought your program
Go to the Adobe site and they have under photoshop a comparison of the programs.
Yes, PSE will come with Adobe Camera Raw for editing/converting RAW images. Beware that not all Adobe Camera RAW features included in the full CS5 version are available with the Elements version. I used to use Elements/ACR for editing RAW images, but have moved to Lightroom for almost all editing, just popping to Elements for the occasional task
I think the "Dual Install" ability on Windows and Mac is a great feature. My first purch was the Photoshop Elements 2006, I have an HP Laptop and a MacBook Pro so I had to buy them separate and it gets costly to do this. So buying one with the installation available for both my machines is great. I never buy software from a "download" I buy actual hardware, I want physical material in hand to find if needed to reinstall or look up info.
I bought this software but I am having difficult to locate the "TAB #1" they say is found on the software box. I am looking at the bar coded sticker like label. Is that the one? Let me know. Thanks.
If you want to make slideshows for your website I would strongly suggest Soundslides. http://www.soundslides.com
Yes it does
Go to the Adobe site and they have under photoshop a comparison of the programs.
Yes, PSE will come with Adobe Camera Raw for editing/converting RAW images. Beware that not all Adobe Camera RAW features included in the full CS5 version are available with the Elements version. I used to use Elements/ACR for editing RAW images, but have moved to Lightroom for almost all editing, just popping to Elements for the occasional task
I think the "Dual Install" ability on Windows and Mac is a great feature. My first purch was the Photoshop Elements 2006, I have an HP Laptop and a MacBook Pro so I had to buy them separate and it gets costly to do this. So buying one with the installation available for both my machines is great. I never buy software from a "download" I buy actual hardware, I want physical material in hand to find if needed to reinstall or look up info.
I bought this software but I am having difficult to locate the "TAB #1" they say is found on the software box. I am looking at the bar coded sticker like label. Is that the one? Let me know. Thanks.
If you want to make slideshows for your website I would strongly suggest Soundslides. http://www.soundslides.com
Yes it does
Go to the Adobe site and they have under photoshop a comparison of the programs.
Yes, PSE will come with Adobe Camera Raw for editing/converting RAW images. Beware that not all Adobe Camera RAW features included in the full CS5 version are available with the Elements version. I used to use Elements/ACR for editing RAW images, but have moved to Lightroom for almost all editing, just popping to Elements for the occasional task
I think the "Dual Install" ability on Windows and Mac is a great feature. My first purch was the Photoshop Elements 2006, I have an HP Laptop and a MacBook Pro so I had to buy them separate and it gets costly to do this. So buying one with the installation available for both my machines is great. I never buy software from a "download" I buy actual hardware, I want physical material in hand to find if needed to reinstall or look up info.
I bought this software but I am having difficult to locate the "TAB #1" they say is found on the software box. I am looking at the bar coded sticker like label. Is that the one? Let me know. Thanks.
If you want to make slideshows for your website I would strongly suggest Soundslides. http://www.soundslides.com
Yes it does
Hmm. I was wondering what you meant so I went in to print an invoice PDF. I couldn't even get that far. Mine has an error message that says the printer is not activated (error -30). Worked on that for a bit through my printers but never did get it working. Luckily anymore I send invoices by email but I would like the option, for those oldtimers, to be able to save to PDF then fax from my computer. Saves paper!
I have found several people online who say they are using QB Pro 2011 with Windows 8. There seem to be some problems with printing the pdf but I quickly found people who had found ways to work around the issue. Here is the workaround: I have had this issue and found that by changing the Shortcut under the Compatibility Tab, tick Run as Administrator fixed it. Also run the QuickBooks Connection Diagnostic Tool can help as it looks at ports that are not open in the firewall and opens them for you. That said, if you really want to be sure before making the investment, Laura F. Hoak is correct and your best bet is to contact Intuit customer service and they should be able to answer any and all of your questions regarding their product.
Well that depends...First talk to your CPA and see what he/she recommends as you will be sharing info with them and it's good to be on the same page. Second, and this is my opinion, avoid this software unless you can help it because once you use it, you will be stuck with them much the way a gambler would be to the Mafia. Depending on which features you use, you have to upgrade every 3 years or they stop working. Yeah. Also, this is a very basic skeletal accounting software and things like payroll, printing tax forms, or even attaching files to invoices ON YOUR OWN computer requires a monthly or annual subscription service which often times costs many times more than the software. Case in point, enhanced payroll costs over $300 a year on top of the software. Read the high star reviews on here. Then see why Intuit would send so many "product managers" to spin greedy marketing practices as "features". Read the positive reviews too but you'll notice many of them are suspiciously cut and pastes from the Intuit website. Also notice how many comments have been removed by amazon to censor negative reviews. That should tell you about the character of this company.
Not successfully, I am in the process of doing this over the last few days... I bought QB 2011, installed in on a Windows 7 64 bit PC, that was ok. Then the the 'fun' began, tried for 3 hours myself to get my QB 2005 company data file (either the .QQB version or the .QWB) to work, each time it crashed QB 2011. Then spent 3 plus hours on the phone with tier one and two QB tech support with them getting the same problems after trying just about everything! Now they "think" the fix is that the 2005 files needs to go to their 'File Fix' expert team, this will take about 5 business days. Please note my QB 2005 and the 2005 file work perfectly fine in my QB 2005 software. Now I am waiting for 5 more days.... I can only hope this resolves the problem. I'm NOT a happy QuickBooks customers right now! Good Luck, i think you will need it....
Correct- download or disc version can be installed on two computers but concurrent access is only available when you purchase more than a 1 user license.
Hi Wendy, I am still using QB Pro 2007 version. I am not able to use the email invoice feature that was integrated into the program since 2009. If you still wish to email your client's invoices to them here's how you can do that: When you have you clients' invoice open and ready to send simply click on the menu item "File" and on the drop-down menu select "Save as PDF." Save your client's invoice in a named pdf file, for example, "Client "S" April 12 2011.pdf. Once you have done that, click on the "send" menu item at the top of the invoice and the "Email Invoice" menu item will appear at the top of the drop-down menu. Select "Email Invoice" and then the email dialogue window will open. Now open your regular email client where you send all of your business emails from. Switching back to the email dialogue window highlight your client's email address by holding down your left mouse button and dragging it to highlight the whole text. Next, press "Ctrl and C" to copy the highlighted email address. Now switch back to your regular email client and in the "To" field and press "Ctrl and V" to paste your client's email address. Now switch back to the email dialogue window to highlight the main body of text by holding down your left mouse button and dragging it to highlight the whole text which may read something like this for example: "Dear (Your Client): Your invoice for service date 04. 12. 2011 is attached. Please remit payment at your earliest convenience. Thank you for your business - we appreciate it very much. Sincerely, Your Company 000-000-0000" Press "Ctrl and C" to copy the highlighted main body of text to be entered into your regular email client message body. Now switch to your regular email client to do precisely that. Place your cursor where you want the message to be inserted. Press "Ctrl and V" to paste your message into the message body field. Next, click the "Add Attachment" button. A dialogue window will appear asking you to open the file to be attached. Look for it in the location you saved it. When it has finally uploaded (it will appear as a paper clip usually attached to your email message.) and you are satisfied with the way your message reads, then press your "send" button and your client will receive it in the same format as they did using the integrated email service before the support for that will run out in May. The great thing is you can still send your clients' their bills and estimates and any other document that can be generated for your clients in this way and it does not cost you an extra cent. Sure it is a couple of extra steps, but once you do it on a regular basis, it is a "walk in the park." I hope this helps you and answers your question. =}:-)
Yes, you can set up multiple company files. Let me know if this doesn't answer your question. Thanks- Josh josh4@intuit.com
Very simple question: Can we email invoices from QB2008 after 05/31 by any straightforward means. Please, tell us how to do it from the 2008 version. If we have to upgrade to 2011 version and want to email invoices, do we have to subscribe to a service and at what monthly rate?
I do not recall if I registered. I am sure I probably did, however, it helps to register if you want to receive updates.
Shirley, Sorry I do not use the invoice feature of QuickBooks.
I just upgraded to Quicken Deluxe 2011. As far as I can tell, 2011 has the exact same ability to track investments as 2008. This includes the Portfolio view, tracking of cost basis and capital gains, portfolio rebalancing, and all the relevant reports. In fact, apart from the user interface facelift, I find myself rather hard-pressed to see any change of significance - positive or negative. I know that there are changes, since the Intuit website brags about them, but they simply don't make much impact on the user experience. A waste of a forced upgrade, but at least it still seems to work.
AFAIK, yes it does. I don't remember which one I updated from, but I had no problem converting. If there is a problem, get an in between one, such as 2005 or 08 - you can probably pick those up very inexpensively.
I would try advancing the upgrades no more than 5 yrs each time till you get to 2015. 2015 said it could only upgrade files for the past 5 yrs. I had 2007 so I went to 2011 and then was able to upgrade to 2015 so you might want to try 1999, 2004, 2009, 2014 and 2015. Or you could try the cheaper way and nstall Quickens in a new location and see if you can start a new file but you probably won't be able to upgrade the old ones.
The EULA says you install on up to 3 computers as long as they are in the same household.
Yes it does and worked very well BUT quicken will no longer suport downloading from your checking accounts. They forced me to buy 2014 and I hate it.
I had Quicken 8 and lost my old system. I ended up with windows 8 (or 8.1) and ordered the Quicken Deluxe 2011 with hopes that it would work. It does work quite well. There are a few things that I have had to adjust to and a couple things I can't find but all-in-all, very successful. Hope this helps.
The program did not crash your pc. You must have had a virus that hit at the same time you were pulling up your list. I hope you had a back up. I suggest you take your computer in to a shop and have them do a system restore.
No.
Sorry, I know nothing about Quicken DX 2011.
It looks like it can be used with win 8.1 according to a quicken on line chart. However, most reviews and my personal experience would caution using this version. I would suggest you try it on a Windows 8 installation prior to converting an older version or upgrading your OS. Also make sure Intuit is still supporting this version.
I have Quicken Deluxe 2010 and it downloads stock quotes whenever I run my One Step update.
I believe I have found the issue and it has nothing to do with my system but is actually a real bug in the software itself. First I installed on a clean (no third party apps whatsoever) virtual PC running XP, same crash. I was however able to isolate the issue down to a single account (a credit card with one of the big 5 banks), when I created a new quicken file with just this one account it would crash, when I removed this account from my 'main' file it worked fine with the remaining accounts. After thinking about what could be different about this account I remembered I have a very long password (32 characters) on this account; I changed the password to something shorter and now it works. The only reason I went to this effort is, as stated, Quicken is the now unfortunately only game in town - not that I have anything against Intuit but competition is always a good thing for the consumer - and while MS Money wasn't perfect, my track record was only a few (single digit number of) crashes in over 10 years of use - the last version I used (2007) did have one really annoying bug where it miscalculated my mortgage payment so every month I would have to manually correct the number. I really do want to use Quicken, as the spreadsheet alternative isn't worth the effort; I'm just really concerned that they don't invest enough in test and validation - while a boundary condition, a check for this particular bug should have been in any reasonable test plan.
It depends on exactly what you are trying to do. If you are intending to establish a new file with just the single account with which you are concerned, then probably the best thing to do is to delete all the other accounts except that single account and save the file (as modified) with a NEW NAME. This will result in two files now: the old multiple-account file and the new single-account file. If it was your intention to add the target single account to another FILE already populated with multiple accounts, I am afraid that can only be done for a limited number of account types (not bank, credit card, brokerage, etc.) such as asset or liability accounts. That would be done by exporting the specified account to a QIF file and then importing that new QIF file into the pre-existing Quicken file.
I would also like to know if the download installation is Windows 7 compatible.
Would like to know same thing. According to Intuit's website, the downloadble version of Quicken 2011 should be available on Amazon but isn't as of this writing.
this does come with everything, however if you are planning on keeping inventory this version is a waste of money. It will let you do everything for 90 Days then the trial period is over and if you decide to keep Intuit will ask for $1300 and $30 a month. I still use it as a cash register and keep inventory on excel spread sheet. hope this helps.
Yes, I have a new computer with windows 8 and it works great
The software that comes with the Cash Register Plus bundled package is from 2010 and is no longer sold by Intuit. The new software is called Point Of Sale and costs $1,199. The Cash Register Plus software is very basic and is very limited in what it can do. It works fine for simple transactions but most of the sophisticated features are inactive until you upgrade to the Point Of Sale software. I did find this information though about integrating the Point Of Sale with Quickbooks but do not know if it will work with Cash Register Plus. (http://support.quickbooks.intuit.com/support/pages/inproducthelp/core/qb2k12/contentpackage/core/point_of_sale/qbpos_integration.html?family=pro )
Yes you can. Just be sure you have the right connections
I am not sure why they mislead you that way. It still did not deter me from my purchase. I had been pricing individual pieces. I even searched online ads, etc... . At one point I almost purchased a used system from a company that had closed. I am very glad I didn't. The equipment I got from Quickbooks was top rate. It had no flaws in construction and, most importantly, it was new. I didn't have to worry that it would malfunction. The software that it came with would work for me in a pinch. I could do basic things with the software and it would work. Ultimately, the flaw, for me, was the amount of information I wished to collect and store. It just wasn't able to keep up with my needs. I chose to purchase another software package that was more in tune with what I was looking for. The real benefit to me was that the equipment from QuickBooks continued to function perfectly with the package I purchased. So ... Misleading. I felt it was. Unusable. Not at all. It was high quality and it still works fine today. I hope this information can be of help to you.
Yes Catherine, it will... I tried the PRO version because you can do it for free for 30 days, and that is why I noticed that this is not what they offer on Amazon. If you want the PRO version, you have to pay more than $1,000.
There is no expiration on the free version of POS 2010, it is not however a full version of the program, but one with basic functions only. You do have to register it in order to keep using it past the trial period. I would imagine that cash register plus would operate the same and if not you can download a free version of POS.
Yes it is. Works great.
You have to supply your own PC. It is in my opionion a little expensive. You have to piece together different aspects of the software to make it all work together.
Hi Aasta, The free version that comes with the kit only allows you to set up a very limited number of items. I don't remember how many, but it is like 50 or 100. Either way it's a far cry from the 2500 you need. TJV
this does come with everything, however if you are planning on keeping inventory this version is a waste of money. It will let you do everything for 90 Days then the trial period is over and if you decide to keep Intuit will ask for $1300 and $30 a month. I still use it as a cash register and keep inventory on excel spread sheet. hope this helps.
Yes, I have a new computer with windows 8 and it works great
The software that comes with the Cash Register Plus bundled package is from 2010 and is no longer sold by Intuit. The new software is called Point Of Sale and costs $1,199. The Cash Register Plus software is very basic and is very limited in what it can do. It works fine for simple transactions but most of the sophisticated features are inactive until you upgrade to the Point Of Sale software. I did find this information though about integrating the Point Of Sale with Quickbooks but do not know if it will work with Cash Register Plus. (http://support.quickbooks.intuit.com/support/pages/inproducthelp/core/qb2k12/contentpackage/core/point_of_sale/qbpos_integration.html?family=pro )
Yes you can. Just be sure you have the right connections
I am not sure why they mislead you that way. It still did not deter me from my purchase. I had been pricing individual pieces. I even searched online ads, etc... . At one point I almost purchased a used system from a company that had closed. I am very glad I didn't. The equipment I got from Quickbooks was top rate. It had no flaws in construction and, most importantly, it was new. I didn't have to worry that it would malfunction. The software that it came with would work for me in a pinch. I could do basic things with the software and it would work. Ultimately, the flaw, for me, was the amount of information I wished to collect and store. It just wasn't able to keep up with my needs. I chose to purchase another software package that was more in tune with what I was looking for. The real benefit to me was that the equipment from QuickBooks continued to function perfectly with the package I purchased. So ... Misleading. I felt it was. Unusable. Not at all. It was high quality and it still works fine today. I hope this information can be of help to you.
Yes Catherine, it will... I tried the PRO version because you can do it for free for 30 days, and that is why I noticed that this is not what they offer on Amazon. If you want the PRO version, you have to pay more than $1,000.
There is no expiration on the free version of POS 2010, it is not however a full version of the program, but one with basic functions only. You do have to register it in order to keep using it past the trial period. I would imagine that cash register plus would operate the same and if not you can download a free version of POS.
Yes it is. Works great.
You have to supply your own PC. It is in my opionion a little expensive. You have to piece together different aspects of the software to make it all work together.
Hi Aasta, The free version that comes with the kit only allows you to set up a very limited number of items. I don't remember how many, but it is like 50 or 100. Either way it's a far cry from the 2500 you need. TJV
I'm using it with a Panasonic Pv-gs120 MiniDV 3-Chip camcorder on the Firewire mostly. But I have also used it with a Logitech USB webcam. I have also tested it with my JVC HiDef SD Camcorder on USB. It's a pretty flexible software when it comes to camera selection.
Yes, after a quick check it seems to. I haven't tried all functionality but the program does open normally and recognize cameras ok.
You have to create it yourself.
It automates putting all the images together nicely, has a dotted clue as to where the previous image was, the little camera is cute and works.
no.. none that i am aware of. you can add sound from your computer but that's all there is with sound effects. hope that helps
The frame rate is adjustable with a maximum of 30fps.
The one I got came with a webcam shaped like a dog.
sorry, I don't know.. I have windows 7..
Depends on your camera. But most digital cameras will connects I have used it with my Logitech webcam, a Panasonic DV camcorder and a JVC camcorder. All connected without problem using both USB and Firewire connections.
The camera is included. Kit is really great but you have to look up the manual online (the kit comes only with a quick-start reference sheet).
Make sure you have the 2.5 upgrade. I'm able to use it on Word 2011 and also on Pages and Nisus Writer.
Well, for one, you don't need an Internet connection in order to be able to dictate. It's also somewhat faster, and works a lot better for really long dictation. It depends on what you doing with it. If you're going to be dictating stuff a lot, you will certainly want Dragon Dictate. On the other hand, if you're not doing a whole lot, or it's really just a quick dictation, you might want to stick with mountain lion's built in dictation feature. One of the other options, which I would certainly recommend, when using Dragon Dictate is the use of a better microphone. It really makes a difference. I find it to be extremely accurate on my Mac, and overall quite fast. In fact, I just dictated all of this with it. You should really check Dragon Dictate's website. It contains most of what you're looking for, with all of the different features and everything. One of the best parts is the ability to almost completely control the Mac. This is in comparison with mountain lion only being able to dictate into text fields.
I called Tech support about this very thing and they said that you can install it on 4 (I think it was 4.....either 4 or 5) computers.
It should, but not as well as windows version. Check software requirements. Mac version crashes a lot. Consider purpose of use. Also buy a really good mic and not one from nuance, Quality of mic matters a lot! It comes with 30 day money back if buying from nuance.
I don't know if this will help you. I had to update my operating system to Snow Leopard 6.0.
The academic version is the same product. The standard version comes with the serial number in the box whereas you have to prove your academic eligibility to receive the serial number for the academic version. For a college student, this entails identifying your school and uploading a picture of your student ID. For a high school student, you have to submit a letter of correspondence on letterhead paper and get it signed by a staff member. Upon receiving your materials, Nuance will issue your serial number or reject your eligibility claim within two business days. I am a college student who got the academic version. The verification process was pretty hassle-free and was worth the $30 I saved. And in case you are wondering, yes, this message was written with Dragon Dictate.
I downloaded Dragon app for ipad. and it had spanish, norwegian and a lot of languages.
No. It saves your profile changes (voice recognition patterns) to your hard drive. You have to initially load a CD with all the vocabular on it though.
It should work if you get the one for the older version of Mac.
Hi; At this time Dragon Dictate does not make dictation software in Spanish. In January 2013 look for possible upgrades then. The only thing available at present would be windows dictation scratch Pad, this program does process Spanish-language among others.
David, Premiere Elements comes with a Help application that launches when you select the menu Help&gt;Elements Organizer Help, or Help&gt;Premiere Elements Help. This way, we can refresh the content frequently and address common questions. Alternatively you will see a link to the URL in the top right corner of the Help application, which you can bookmark. A 3rd option is that you click on the View Help pdf file, also in the top right corner of the Help application window, if you wish to save it to your harddisk or print it. Please note however, that the pdf file won't be updated during the course of the product release, whereas the online Help resources will. If you are still stuck and need further assistance, please contact Technical Support at 1-800-833-6687, Monday-Friday, 5am-7pm PST. Regards, Adobe Tech Support
Yes, it will
It's not really a converter but you can output to mpeg, avi, adobe flash video, windows media, quick time, and also to the ipod etc... And yes you definitely can burn your HD mts files to standard DVD. But if you want to do a lot of HD editing you will need a powerful computer, above the minimum requirements set by adobe.
I'm sure the horrible experience I had with buying Adobe Premiere Elements through Amazon isn't typical, but it was a nightmare, and I would never risk trying to buy it again. Through some unfortunate snafu, I was sold an OEM version of the program which isn't supposed to be sold on its own like regular retail software. It wouldn't work properly, Adobe support tried to help but said the problem stemmed from the fact that it was an illegal copy. Long story short--My brand new computer was scrambled, I had to wipe its memory clean and start over, and Amazon issued me a refund. My strong recommendation is that you buy Power Director from Cyberlink. It costs less than this Adobe program, is fast, easy to use.
David, Premiere Elements comes with a Help application that launches when you select the menu Help&gt;Elements Organizer Help, or Help&gt;Premiere Elements Help. This way, we can refresh the content frequently and address common questions. Alternatively you will see a link to the URL in the top right corner of the Help application, which you can bookmark. A 3rd option is that you click on the View Help pdf file, also in the top right corner of the Help application window, if you wish to save it to your harddisk or print it. Please note however, that the pdf file won't be updated during the course of the product release, whereas the online Help resources will. If you are still stuck and need further assistance, please contact Technical Support at 1-800-833-6687, Monday-Friday, 5am-7pm PST. Regards, Adobe Tech Support
Yes, it will
It's not really a converter but you can output to mpeg, avi, adobe flash video, windows media, quick time, and also to the ipod etc... And yes you definitely can burn your HD mts files to standard DVD. But if you want to do a lot of HD editing you will need a powerful computer, above the minimum requirements set by adobe.
I'm sure the horrible experience I had with buying Adobe Premiere Elements through Amazon isn't typical, but it was a nightmare, and I would never risk trying to buy it again. Through some unfortunate snafu, I was sold an OEM version of the program which isn't supposed to be sold on its own like regular retail software. It wouldn't work properly, Adobe support tried to help but said the problem stemmed from the fact that it was an illegal copy. Long story short--My brand new computer was scrambled, I had to wipe its memory clean and start over, and Amazon issued me a refund. My strong recommendation is that you buy Power Director from Cyberlink. It costs less than this Adobe program, is fast, easy to use.
David, Premiere Elements comes with a Help application that launches when you select the menu Help&gt;Elements Organizer Help, or Help&gt;Premiere Elements Help. This way, we can refresh the content frequently and address common questions. Alternatively you will see a link to the URL in the top right corner of the Help application, which you can bookmark. A 3rd option is that you click on the View Help pdf file, also in the top right corner of the Help application window, if you wish to save it to your harddisk or print it. Please note however, that the pdf file won't be updated during the course of the product release, whereas the online Help resources will. If you are still stuck and need further assistance, please contact Technical Support at 1-800-833-6687, Monday-Friday, 5am-7pm PST. Regards, Adobe Tech Support
Yes, it will
It's not really a converter but you can output to mpeg, avi, adobe flash video, windows media, quick time, and also to the ipod etc... And yes you definitely can burn your HD mts files to standard DVD. But if you want to do a lot of HD editing you will need a powerful computer, above the minimum requirements set by adobe.
I'm sure the horrible experience I had with buying Adobe Premiere Elements through Amazon isn't typical, but it was a nightmare, and I would never risk trying to buy it again. Through some unfortunate snafu, I was sold an OEM version of the program which isn't supposed to be sold on its own like regular retail software. It wouldn't work properly, Adobe support tried to help but said the problem stemmed from the fact that it was an illegal copy. Long story short--My brand new computer was scrambled, I had to wipe its memory clean and start over, and Amazon issued me a refund. My strong recommendation is that you buy Power Director from Cyberlink. It costs less than this Adobe program, is fast, easy to use.
This would be a lot for most 11-year-old girls to master unless they have someone who can teach them. In fact, many adults have this software for months and still cannot master it. There is a kids' version called Flip Boom, that is much cheaper and could maybe be a good starting place. I think you might be able to upgrade from Flip Boom to Studio later on as well...You could check the website to confirm.
It comes with two discs. One for Mac and one for Windows and I have installed both on my computers but beyond that I don't know.
The software is a little quirky, so it's good to download the manual (you can download a pdf off their website) in order to better understand its capabilities. Also, make sure their computer can handle the software. Besides that, I don't see why a 14-year-old would have a problem with this software. You can do a lot with it, but it doesn't make it less intuitive.
Yes
I would not know cause I don't have windows 8
Sorry my os is Windows 7. I'm not sure how well it works on 8.
Stand alone. Includes some great art software, image editing, etc. as well as the animation software.
I think you can install on two computers. They don't have to be the same platform (we have it installed on a mac and a pc).
Yes, I have it installed on a Windows 8 laptop. No problems.
I have some old VHS tapes from Europe (PAL system) which I want to convert to DVD. Would this software work for such a purpose.
It creates a folder on your hard drive to burn to the DVD. I have been able to play the file from the hard drive.
My understanding of copyright law is IF YOU OWN IT you can make a copy for YOUR OWN USE, thereby allowing you to keep the original from being corrupted, damaged, or lost. You may not, however, make copies to share or sell. On the other hand, who's likely to be checking? As long as you're still using those kidvids for your own kids & grands... Makes sense. Just know that if you no longer own the "originals," you might technically be considered to be running afoul of the original copyright exception. NOTE: I am not a lawyer, and my understanding is based on advice rec'd years ago, so you might still want a second opinion.
4.0 Plus does not support Blu-ray authoring/burning, but 5.0 Deluxe support Blu-ray burning. With 5.0 Deluxe, you can also make copies of the DVD movies that you made previously with VHS to DVD program (not copyrighted DVDs).
This you use to digitize the video and you can use a DVD burning software to record multiple movies to one DVD. I think digitizing it is more helpful then put it directly to DVD. I never used the feature of putting it directly on DVD yet because I wanted to pick and chose what I wanted. Also if you want more than one movie on a DVD get larger capacity DVDs.
It does convert cassette tapes also. As I'm typing this, I'm converting one of my old camcorder video cassettes. As for your second question, yes all the hardware you'll need is included.
Dear Miguel, Unfortunately, GNU/Linux operating system is not supported, and there is no device driver for Linux/Unix systems.
I have not used it with a mac book, but I checked the install disk and it does have Quicktime which would lead me to believe that it would work with Mac. I hope this helps.
No. After installing and registering I was unable to do anything without doing what they claim is a upgrade for a reduced one time only offer of @. 36.00. They said that without this needed upgrade it wouldn't be able to be used. At this point I believed I was being scammed and refused to pay what amounted to extortion. So needless to say it was useless to me after spending considerable amount of time
Have you tried it on copyrighted movies? I have a bunch of older exercise tapes that I would like to put on DVDs. Thanks,
You can contact Summit Software & they will tell you. If you only want 1 font, they will sometimes comp (via email download). Good luck!
Sorry I haven't opened it yet
On the box it says that it can be used for personal and commercial purposes.
u should better open that website and choose which one font do you like and download (install) after installing success, then extract the fonts ( brows the file do you want to apply the font) for my opinion klik library &gt; public&gt;documents (corel &adobe)
Worst Amazon purchase ever! Do not buy this product, simply awful!
First to put text on a picture, you need a photoshop program, if you don't have one you can install gimp, then go to your font installation manager and find the font you want and tell it to install, then it should be in the photoshop program for you to use.
You can contact Summit Software & they will tell you. If you only want 1 font, they will sometimes comp (via email download). Good luck!
Sorry I haven't opened it yet
On the box it says that it can be used for personal and commercial purposes.
u should better open that website and choose which one font do you like and download (install) after installing success, then extract the fonts ( brows the file do you want to apply the font) for my opinion klik library &gt; public&gt;documents (corel &adobe)
Worst Amazon purchase ever! Do not buy this product, simply awful!
First to put text on a picture, you need a photoshop program, if you don't have one you can install gimp, then go to your font installation manager and find the font you want and tell it to install, then it should be in the photoshop program for you to use.
I had the trial version installed on my computer when I purchased the download version. After purchase, Amazon gives you a link to the license key. I just clicked on that and copied it to the version I had installed. Norton updated and showed that I had 366 days left on my software. There is no reason to reinstall anything.
Have you contacted Norton T/S and asked for their recommendation? I have used this tool before and it works very well particularly for removing Registry entries. However, I have only used it based on T/S's recommendations. About three to five years ago there were continmuing problems with Norton's software apps (see Customer Reviews) especially Norton Anti Virus. For me the problems always occurred after Live Up Date ran (at least monthly). When I called T/S their solution was always 1. Uninstall the software using Add/Remove Programs in Control Panel, 2. Run the Norton Removal Tool, 3. Re-Install the software appllication. Starting in 2009 Norton has resolved those problems and my experience has been to just install the new software (the removal tool is not needed). I recently received an e-mail from Norton that provided me with a website that would allow me to update and use NIS 2011 for the remaining subscription time on my NIS 2010. Here is the URL http://updatecenter.Norton.com/manual/AutoDetect While the NIS 2011 installation program was executing I did notice that one of the program steps was "Uninstalling previous version." I recently purchased my NIS 2011 from Amazon. When my NIS 2010 subscription expires I'll just enter the product key for NIS 2011 and I'll have a smooth migration. Bill Atlanta GA
I think if u can find a USB CDrom u should be able to use this product , Thats if u have the storage room ...
It's a one year license; you can do a reinstall if needed but it won't extend the time beyond the one year.
It depends on if you have other Norton software or anti-virus software in your computer already. If you have only previous versions of NIS, then the installer should take care of it. If not, you might want to use Norton removal utility to remove traces of earlier Norton software and then install NIS2011.
when I ordered about 6 months ago, I received 3 CDs and a Companion Guide - Family Tree Maker 2011.
You can download your files to it, and it will convert them to the new format. Be sure to do a back-up file of what you have on 2003 before you download 2011. Then on 2011 you'll do an "import" of your back-up files.
I would ask the manufacturer it runs on 7 but it may need a patch to run, but ask the manufacturer or just buy a newer version
William, I think after Broderbund's Family Tree Maker going through so many companies, it is now a part of Ancestry.com and has been re-branded as such. Here's an article from Wikipedia: Family Tree Maker (FTM) is advertised as "the #1 selling genealogy software". As with other genealogy software, FTM allows the researcher to keep track of information collected during research and to create reports, charts, and books containing that information. The software was originally developed by Kenneth Hess of Banner Blue Software, which was purchased by Brderbund in 1995. It passed through the hands of The Learning Company, Mattel, and others before coming under its current ownership. A redesigned Family Tree Maker 2008 was released August 14, 2007. The 2009 version of the program corrected some of the errors and omissions of its predecessor, and introduced a few new features.[citation needed] Family Tree Maker 2010 claims to further enhance the radical re-design and be more powerful and feature-packed with faster navigation and quicker load times. A version for the Mac was released in 1997, but due to low market demand was discontinued for over a decade. A new version of Family Tree Maker for Mac was finally released November 4, 2010. Family Tree Maker Version 16 was awarded a CODiE Award in the "Best Consumer Productivity Solution" category in 2006.
when I ordered about 6 months ago, I received 3 CDs and a Companion Guide - Family Tree Maker 2011.
You can download your files to it, and it will convert them to the new format. Be sure to do a back-up file of what you have on 2003 before you download 2011. Then on 2011 you'll do an "import" of your back-up files.
I would ask the manufacturer it runs on 7 but it may need a patch to run, but ask the manufacturer or just buy a newer version
William, I think after Broderbund's Family Tree Maker going through so many companies, it is now a part of Ancestry.com and has been re-branded as such. Here's an article from Wikipedia: Family Tree Maker (FTM) is advertised as "the #1 selling genealogy software". As with other genealogy software, FTM allows the researcher to keep track of information collected during research and to create reports, charts, and books containing that information. The software was originally developed by Kenneth Hess of Banner Blue Software, which was purchased by Brderbund in 1995. It passed through the hands of The Learning Company, Mattel, and others before coming under its current ownership. A redesigned Family Tree Maker 2008 was released August 14, 2007. The 2009 version of the program corrected some of the errors and omissions of its predecessor, and introduced a few new features.[citation needed] Family Tree Maker 2010 claims to further enhance the radical re-design and be more powerful and feature-packed with faster navigation and quicker load times. A version for the Mac was released in 1997, but due to low market demand was discontinued for over a decade. A new version of Family Tree Maker for Mac was finally released November 4, 2010. Family Tree Maker Version 16 was awarded a CODiE Award in the "Best Consumer Productivity Solution" category in 2006.
I think yes but you should contact Parallels directly. Better yet just get the newest version of 9.
have you tried simply installing windows on it directly? That worked for me with XP on an older mac mini
I was interested in knowing the same. I contacted their online support and here's the transcript of the chat: Sunday, September 04, 2011 11:03:54 AM (9/4/2011 3:03:54 PM - GMT) Welcome to chat.parallels.com, Nitasha M. will be right with you. Nabeel Sheikh: We have just created trouble ticket for you. Ticket number: #1206266. Nitasha M.: Hello, Nitasha M.: Thank you for contacting Parallels Customer Support Nabeel Sheikh: hi there, as of today if i buy parallels 6 from amazon.com would i be eligible for free upgrade to 7 ? Nitasha M.: Yes,you can go ahead and purchase from amazon.
Yes. Upgraded Snow Leopard to Lion without a problem but this Mac OS X shut down stalling still a problem (nothing to do with Parallels?). It happened after 10.6.8 (Snow Leopard) update, so it could be an issue there. (Again, irrelevant to Parallels.)
To get PSP X3 to work on Win8 you need to install PSPX3 SP5 update. http://www.corel.com/corel/pages/index.jsp?pgid=800161&ppid=800007 You should read the tips.
Yes, PSP can do this. But it's anything but a one- or two-click process. In order to do this, one has to prepare the background image, then carefully (and tediously) use the selection tools to outline the subject. Then copy the selection, switch to the background image and then use the "Paste as Selection" function to place it on the background. It gets easier with practice. There are several methods to adjust the blend between background and subject. Values for "Feather" and "Smoothing" and anti-aliasing can be adjusted and the "Soften" tool can be used to blend the outline of the placed selection.
yes
Sorry, I do not know.
I don't know about Windows 8 but it does work with Windows 7, as that is what I have. You might call the company or check on-line to see if it works with Windows 8.
yes, I have windows 7 professional- 64 bit
Yes it works with Windows 8.1
You can make a slide show, but I am not sure if you can add music. I haven't used it for a slide show yet.
It has for me. I have been able to do it many times. If you need help feel free to email me at prettygurlrock42@gmail.com and I can help you with it.
Unfortunately the software is too basic, so it does not have the feature you need.
I am running windows8, 64 bit, My Pirintmaster 18gold works very well. I have not had any problems. Hope this helps.
I found out the hard way that it is NOT compatible with 8.1
Yes, I have windows 7 and have printed many projects.
I like the gold has a lot more ideas and different templates to go to.
SERIF PAGE PLUS is now into version 7. I am sure that this latest version will work with Windows 8.
Althouh I haven't used the feature, the Page Plus X5 User Guide includes procedures for using Artistic Text such as: apply different line styles, fills (gradient and bitmap fills) and transparency; apply 2D/3D filter effects, flip & rotate; putting text on a path (straight, curved, freehand), etc. Hope this helps.
As for publisher, I used it more several years ago but not as much lately. Mainly because of PagePlus. I find it fairly intuitive and user friendly. It's actually got more capabilities than I can use in most cases. I have done several projects with it and have enjoyed using it. No limitations in what I've done (forms, business cards, rack cards (heavy graphics, photos, logos, blends, etc.), a short newsletter and some simple signs. So I way prefer PagePlus to publisher. It's well worth the money.
No.You will have to buy again.
SERIF PAGE PLUS is now into version 7. I am sure that this latest version will work with Windows 8.
Althouh I haven't used the feature, the Page Plus X5 User Guide includes procedures for using Artistic Text such as: apply different line styles, fills (gradient and bitmap fills) and transparency; apply 2D/3D filter effects, flip & rotate; putting text on a path (straight, curved, freehand), etc. Hope this helps.
As for publisher, I used it more several years ago but not as much lately. Mainly because of PagePlus. I find it fairly intuitive and user friendly. It's actually got more capabilities than I can use in most cases. I have done several projects with it and have enjoyed using it. No limitations in what I've done (forms, business cards, rack cards (heavy graphics, photos, logos, blends, etc.), a short newsletter and some simple signs. So I way prefer PagePlus to publisher. It's well worth the money.
No.You will have to buy again.
SERIF PAGE PLUS is now into version 7. I am sure that this latest version will work with Windows 8.
Althouh I haven't used the feature, the Page Plus X5 User Guide includes procedures for using Artistic Text such as: apply different line styles, fills (gradient and bitmap fills) and transparency; apply 2D/3D filter effects, flip & rotate; putting text on a path (straight, curved, freehand), etc. Hope this helps.
As for publisher, I used it more several years ago but not as much lately. Mainly because of PagePlus. I find it fairly intuitive and user friendly. It's actually got more capabilities than I can use in most cases. I have done several projects with it and have enjoyed using it. No limitations in what I've done (forms, business cards, rack cards (heavy graphics, photos, logos, blends, etc.), a short newsletter and some simple signs. So I way prefer PagePlus to publisher. It's well worth the money.
No.You will have to buy again.
Finale Note Pad does not work with Word or Excel.
I would refer your question to Finale Support. This is a complicated question I cannot answer.
So far I would say no. I have checked in the program, and in the help manual which is available online, and the index, and there are no references anywhere to different languages. I would ask support if there is a version of the program that has Chinese, or check all of their product offerings. Likely Finale will do this as it is their flagship product. Please contact support for the latest information.
We purchased our PrintMusic in 2012 and can only assume it actually is the 2011 version. My husby is 86 and not computery and is generating professional personal compositions that are pro-like. We are thrilled with this product. That said we can only wish you luck finding an actual version that's compatible with your set-up.
Pat - You can't play directly onto the paper. You have to play onto a score in Finale, and then look it over to see if you need to make any editorial corrections, and then save or print or both. The only thing that saves directly to paper that I'm aware of is a player piano. Good luck - Stan
I have checked online with Finale Support and yes, this notation software is compatible with Windows 8.
I had the trial version installed on my computer when I purchased the download version. After purchase, Amazon gives you a link to the license key. I just clicked on that and copied it to the version I had installed. Norton updated and showed that I had 366 days left on my software. There is no reason to reinstall anything.
Have you contacted Norton T/S and asked for their recommendation? I have used this tool before and it works very well particularly for removing Registry entries. However, I have only used it based on T/S's recommendations. About three to five years ago there were continmuing problems with Norton's software apps (see Customer Reviews) especially Norton Anti Virus. For me the problems always occurred after Live Up Date ran (at least monthly). When I called T/S their solution was always 1. Uninstall the software using Add/Remove Programs in Control Panel, 2. Run the Norton Removal Tool, 3. Re-Install the software appllication. Starting in 2009 Norton has resolved those problems and my experience has been to just install the new software (the removal tool is not needed). I recently received an e-mail from Norton that provided me with a website that would allow me to update and use NIS 2011 for the remaining subscription time on my NIS 2010. Here is the URL http://updatecenter.Norton.com/manual/AutoDetect While the NIS 2011 installation program was executing I did notice that one of the program steps was "Uninstalling previous version." I recently purchased my NIS 2011 from Amazon. When my NIS 2010 subscription expires I'll just enter the product key for NIS 2011 and I'll have a smooth migration. Bill Atlanta GA
I think if u can find a USB CDrom u should be able to use this product , Thats if u have the storage room ...
It's a one year license; you can do a reinstall if needed but it won't extend the time beyond the one year.
It depends on if you have other Norton software or anti-virus software in your computer already. If you have only previous versions of NIS, then the installer should take care of it. If not, you might want to use Norton removal utility to remove traces of earlier Norton software and then install NIS2011.
Getting ready to order this, as I have the emedia stuff (both beginner and advanced) and they just have not kept up with updates and drivers. When the software integration with the hardware worked, it was BRILLIANT, because you can plug in with MIDI, and the program knows when and if you missed a note, and can SHOW you what note you missed (or were delayed or ahead) in playing. Spectacular in theory, but buggy in reality, now, since they have not updated it in a while, and the last time I tried it, it was unusable almost (if you use the tracking bit). If someone would just update it, I think it would be hard to beat. I look forward to trying this Pianoforall as a completely different approach (informal, chord-based, whereas the eMedia stuff is very formal).
Works great with Windows 7! Just be sure you have Adobe Reader and Apple QuickTime installed; PianoForAll relies on those applications for viewing the text, listening to the embedded audio clips, and watching the linked videos.
I have a MAC and iPad which worked on both. My sister has a PC Windows 7 and she installed Pianoforall and it works for her. Also, Robin, who created Pianoforall is very helpful via email. Hope this helps. Ningen
No. But I found it to be excellent material at a great price. I teach piano and have used Piano for All in my lessons.
Download everything, but that is not the best piano course out there. There is no music to play, only suggestions, which for a beginner can be confusing, but besides that it COULD BE an excellent way of learning to play the piano.
Hi Elizabeth. This is the same program as on my main website. The download version and the disc are different prices on the website. The books have embedded audio and video. Everything you need is on the disc (which is now a DVD 'data' disc) and needs to be accessed on your computer. The files work perfectly with PC, Mac, iPad, iPhone, or any Android tablet or phone. I hope that helps. Best of luck. Robin Hall
For as much of the course as I've completed, 61 keys are all you need.
Hi Mary - I am the author of Pianoforall - the course can be loaded onto 2nd generation ipads (and onwards) using the Free Readdle Documents app (there are full instructions with the disc) It also works with the EZPDF Reader app - but this isn't free. If you can find out if you can install EZPDF Reader then you will be able to use the lessons on your iPad. Hope that helps. Robin
It has been awhile since I bought this - has many songs, but if I remember correctly, they are put out there as chords and you find the melody. This is more playing by chords/pattern than major music reading. I am a piano teacher and have used a number of things from this set in my lessons. It is by FAR the best collection I have found to get playing in a hurry and I highly recommend it.
email the person who created the program. Here is his email: info.pianoforall@gmail.com He is great to work with if there is any problem.
Since the size of the digital art is always expressed in terms of pixels per image and Dots Per Inch (DPI), the tool will always draw on the same number of pixels. So, if the brush is 10 pixels wide, that same brush stroke looks way larger when zoomed in versus way smaller when zoomed out.
Platform: Windows Vista / 7 / XP, Mac OS X 10.5 Leopard, Mac OS X 10.6 Snow Leopard, Mac OS X 10.7 Lion
The highest "pixels" per inch you can set your image to be seems to be 460. I don't know how that effects printed output. I don't have a good enough printer to test it, sorry. Hope this helps.
I'm doing the same thing. I am thinking along the same lines as you. My concern now is that her laptop is a bit antiquated...hope we don't end up buying another laptop to make it all work smoothly.
Heather - I just have this ordered myself and although I've never used it I have drawing friends who swear by it. When Amazon had it at 50% I had to jump at it. It was supposed to be here yesterday so hopefully today but I can post my opinion after I've tried it. I can ay all my art friends love it and we all work professionally. I do illustrations and comic books myself. Bt if I were in your shoes I'd spend the 40.00 for it because I've worked with lot of art programs and for 40.00 for something as powerful as this is supposed o be you just can't go wrong. So I'd take the leap.
The first tablet was probably a Wacom of some kind, my guess is one of the Intuos professional models. The large tablet monitor you saw was a Wacom Cintiq. Be aware that Cintiqs cost thousands of dollars, and are usually only worth it if you are actively making a living in a field such as concept art, matte painting, etc. You can do everything with a regular tablet that you can with a Cintiq minus draw on the actual screen, so it's really more of a convenience than a necessity. Still, in college I had access to a lab full of Cintiqs 24/7 for four years, and they truly are awesome to use. Maybe if I ever have large amounts of disposable income...
it should work, try calling autodesk for a solution to your strange problem
I'd also like to know the answer to this.
Size in Megabites?
We always use the TurboTax Deluxe Federal + e-File + State. Last year we paid $19.95 to e-file our State Taxes. Federal was included on CD.
John, Thanks for you post. It confirms that I am not alone in my frustration about tax prep software ( TurboTax, TuxCut at al) not offering an oprion to automatically analyse joint vs. separately. They all claiming to minimize the taxes, but fall short on this step.
It's $19.95 extra for state e-file.
You have to buy every year, because tax law changes.
The deluxe version will do Schedule D.
Worth it to me for the feature that prices donated goods, such as to goodwill. gives higher values than I would have come up with on my own. time saver if you do a lot of donating.
I would like an answer to this as well...anyone?
Nope. Tax law is, unfortunately, very fluid and changes from year to year. The risk is that you would end up not taking advantage of deductions available or, worse, taking advantage of deductions that have expired and having the IRS audit you.
I have never tried to do this myself, but it is my understanding that you would not be hit with an additional charge. (I am assuming of course that this is two returns for the same state. You only get one state included. If you need to file a return for more than one state, you would be hit for $39.95 per additional state).
It doesn't work for me - it has a cryptic error indicating the file can't be read
The cd version definitely works on Macs. I have been using TurboTax for years as a Mac owner so have no fear:)
I agree, I was just about to buy and I noticed this. I think I am going to buy this at Costco instead.
If it works like prior versions, you should have no problem. I am looking to see if it will do 2 states. Can't find an answer to that.
The cd version definitely works on Macs. I have been using TurboTax for years as a Mac owner so have no fear:)
I agree, I was just about to buy and I noticed this. I think I am going to buy this at Costco instead.
If it works like prior versions, you should have no problem. I am looking to see if it will do 2 states. Can't find an answer to that.
The cd version definitely works on Macs. I have been using TurboTax for years as a Mac owner so have no fear:)
I agree, I was just about to buy and I noticed this. I think I am going to buy this at Costco instead.
If it works like prior versions, you should have no problem. I am looking to see if it will do 2 states. Can't find an answer to that.
We always use the TurboTax Deluxe Federal + e-File + State. Last year we paid $19.95 to e-file our State Taxes. Federal was included on CD.
John, Thanks for you post. It confirms that I am not alone in my frustration about tax prep software ( TurboTax, TuxCut at al) not offering an oprion to automatically analyse joint vs. separately. They all claiming to minimize the taxes, but fall short on this step.
It's $19.95 extra for state e-file.
You have to buy every year, because tax law changes.
The deluxe version will do Schedule D.
Worth it to me for the feature that prices donated goods, such as to goodwill. gives higher values than I would have come up with on my own. time saver if you do a lot of donating.
I would like an answer to this as well...anyone?
Nope. Tax law is, unfortunately, very fluid and changes from year to year. The risk is that you would end up not taking advantage of deductions available or, worse, taking advantage of deductions that have expired and having the IRS audit you.
I have never tried to do this myself, but it is my understanding that you would not be hit with an additional charge. (I am assuming of course that this is two returns for the same state. You only get one state included. If you need to file a return for more than one state, you would be hit for $39.95 per additional state).
It doesn't work for me - it has a cryptic error indicating the file can't be read
Good morning La'Tisha, Thank you for your question regarding QuickBooks Point of Sale. This item you are asking the question on is the "standalone hardware bundle" and does not contain any software. QuickBooks POS is not generally recommended for restaurants as it does not handle the cost of goods sold very well. It does not account for waste and shrinkage. Peter A+ SalesCentral 800.609.0788
In regards to your business type, QuickBooks POS may not be the right option for you as it does not handle age verification (cigarettes & beer), it does not except EBT/Food Stamps, and it does not handle 3 digit pricing on gasoline. There are other systems that may work for you and we would like the opportunity to assist you. We are and Intuit Premier Reseller and we are all ex-Intuit Tier 3 Support Specialists. We are here to help...not just sell. Please feel free to contact us via the information in the listing with any questions and to consult with our POS specialists to determine the best and most cost effective solution to meet your needs and the needs of your business. Thank you for your question and have a great day! Jeff A+SalesCentral Customer Care Team | Mgr.
QuickBooks Point of Sale would be an excellent solution for you. This listing is only for the hardware, but when you purchase from Ability Business we can set you up with the complete package. We also have an addon called Ability Total Customer, which will allow you to scan ID's for age verification.
The drawer comes with a cord, use that one. It plugs into the receipt printer. Does it click when you use the "open drawer" command in the printer properties?
Hi Sandra, Yes you can. Intuit currently only supports (1) pinpad the IPP350. This IPP350 pinpad is new and has touchscreen, smart card, and debit/credit transaction capabilities. We are Intuit's largest Value-Added Premier Reseller worldwide and we are here to help...not just sell. Please feel free to contact us with any other questions as we would be more than happy to assist you. Best Regards, Jeff A+SalesCentral Customer Care Team | Mgr.
Is this all of the hardware shown in the picture??? And is the Intuit POS installed?
I am currently using it on my MacBook Air with 10.8.4.
I have loaded the software on both of my Macs, I only use one at a time so there is no redudant issues.
Tell him to click on "your account" and scroll down to "your games and software library" -clean my mac should be listed there with its product key information which he will need to plug in somewhere or he can just download the whole item again. Good luck.
Well...it will definitely help! But there may be other issues that are causing ur "wheel of death" (hogging app's or how old is ur Mac?) But CleanMyMac will DEFINITELY! help ur issue.
No..not CleanMyMac classic u will need CleanMyMac 2 (and soon to be released 3) on that MAC model OS. But get it! U will love it!!! It is the best automated cleaner for MAC out there!!! I am a puter pro and I recommend it to ALL my MAC customers!
Yes, the older version of "Clean my Mac" will work with older versions of Mac OS. I have used it successfully.
It didn't specify. I only use it on one so I can't tell you if it works with more than one.
You'd just be double inputting data. I use Quicken for all my finances and CBP for writing checks. It's easier and less convoluted. I write the check and just input the transaction in quicken.
You can use check paper from suppliers like VersaCheck or many others. I use "stub-check-stub" business format and get my checks from ASAP Checks, Forms and Supplies ( asapchecks.com) product number BSBM-2500 which is 2500 checks in a box. No other software is necessary, except that we use CBP to only print blank checks and use our accounting software to actually fill in the checks.
Once you have selected the Checking account when the program opens, the check register can be selected from the "file" menu. It allows you to track your checks similar to how you would with a manual register. I only use the program to print blank checks that are then filled in with other software. The remainder of the instructions are on pages 20-22 of the CBP manual which is found under Help and is in pdf format.
I use a regular epson printer, or HP laser....
CBP will keep a running register for you (if desired), or you can just use the program to design and then print blank checks (for use in Quicken). It's a 2 or 3-step process to make all this happen. 1) I design and print checks in CBP on my laser printer (about 100, using blank check stock; 2) I run these checks thru my color printer to add my business logo (Skip, if you don't need this); 3) then I use QuickBooks for Mac to print the actual completed check. Hope this helps.
I use the check stock in my Canon ink-jet and the checks work just fine at the bank.
Hi. I use Versacheck personal checks or also have used Checks-Personal Pack check blanks. I import an image from my computer and use that as the background image. Hope that this helps you.
The software is for printing checks -either filling in payee, amount etc. on preprinted checks, printing blank checks to be used in other software such as Quick Books, or for doing both at the same time. Likewise with deposits. The software can also manage your check register and deposit register. I use it for printing blank checks and deposits to be used by other software. Having said all that, therefore a printer is needed. It will print to most printers I believe. As for the way we use it, we print via a laser printer with a MICR cartridge to make sure the check account line is encoded the way banks require it to be encoded magnetically.
Yes....you can design your background too.
Many people run it successfully on Windows 8 but it is not officially supported. https://helpx.adobe.com/x-productkb/policy-pricing/system-requirements-acrobat-family-products.html
Can't speak for everyone, however my product is OEM Adobe Acrobat X PRO (professional) retail box. Not a student/teacher or standard version. It is a DVD-ROM, not a download.
I use it with windows 8.1, 32 bit version. I have no experience with other versions.
It worked on Windows 7 for me, and I created a couple of fillable forms. Not sure about Windows XP however.
No, it does not!
Yes, it does... Most people think it don't, but IN FACT, it does. That is Acrobat X Pro... Acrobat XI Pro DOES NOT. See: http://answers.acrobatusers.com/Does-Acrobat-X-include-LiveCycle-Designer-q40597.aspx
They will allow you install on 2 computers you have control of. Such as a desktop and laptop.
Many people run it successfully on Windows 8 but it is not officially supported. https://helpx.adobe.com/x-productkb/policy-pricing/system-requirements-acrobat-family-products.html
Can't speak for everyone, however my product is OEM Adobe Acrobat X PRO (professional) retail box. Not a student/teacher or standard version. It is a DVD-ROM, not a download.
I use it with windows 8.1, 32 bit version. I have no experience with other versions.
It worked on Windows 7 for me, and I created a couple of fillable forms. Not sure about Windows XP however.
No, it does not!
Yes, it does... Most people think it don't, but IN FACT, it does. That is Acrobat X Pro... Acrobat XI Pro DOES NOT. See: http://answers.acrobatusers.com/Does-Acrobat-X-include-LiveCycle-Designer-q40597.aspx
They will allow you install on 2 computers you have control of. Such as a desktop and laptop.
No, that is a 50 user to unlimited license upgrade. You need this http://www.amazon.com/Cisco-ASA5505-SW-UL-ASA-5505-Software/dp/B00A03QTW0/ref=sr_1_2?s=software&ie=UTF8&qid=1375984606&sr=1-2&keywords=asa+unlimited+license
this is e- delivery - comes in email , PDF file
We are open 8 AM to 5 PM Monday to Friday Pacific Time, we process the licenses within 1 to 3 hours. We don
WE COULD SEND ELECTRONIC FILE IMMEDIATELY
The problem is with the Text-to-Speach feature, especially useful when you want to learn another language. This software allows translating from English into another language, but you might not be able to hear the pronunciation with some Windows version.
The Power Translator installed without problems. It works very well with Windows 7, Pro and Ult. The Power Translator has various modes and I use it frequently for English - Spanish & German. Very good programme.
Can be downloaded from http://www.lec.com/support.asp
I have Windows & ultimate and it works fine.......I do not have a Windows 8 machine nor would I, but I believe it will work as my son has an 8 machine and we share things all the time.
please clarify the question. The languages we have products for are listed on our website, www.lec.com.
Power Translator 15 works with Windows 8. We are shipping it now.
I have been a tech for 17 years own my own successful business worked for the local school district and can assure you that THIS IS ROTTEN TO THE Core. PCmatic will allow your PC to get infected and it's registry corrector is chaos. Use a free antivirus like Avira, or Zone Alarm Free Internet security which uses the kapersky virus engine. Normally about $60. I don't know how they can keep up this charade. It makes techs like me come out and clean up the mess.
Hi hikingviking, I have Norton on both of my desktop computers but don't use PC Matic's antivirus. I just use PC Matic to clean up the garbage on my computers and update my drivers, fix problems, etc. I am happy with Norton so I have not tried PC Matic's antivirus. PC Matic does speed up both computers, one is 11 years old and my "new" one is 8 years old. I hope this helps from a Viking fan in Ohio.
It seems to filter virus however it has tremendous overhead and during definition download every 12 hours it takes over the machine and can't be put on hold. It process priority is highest so older low RAM XP machine gets totally locked up for up to 45 minutes.
Billp studios produces Winpatrol. Many people like it, some don't. It can protect you from registry changes attempted by malware, but it also can pop up and bug you about programs that are legitimate. It is not an anti virus program though. If you really want good protection and utilities that keep things working well. Buy Norton anti virus and Norton Utilities. They are separate programs. I avoid the other Norton products, like their norton 360 etc. as they don't do as good a job and are too complicated.
Their advertising tells the truth. For $50 for five computers for a year, for me was to try it out and it's worth every penny. Remember though, everybody has different types of systems and environments. For me am running Windows 7 with a quad core and Asus motherboard that six years old. I use a good backup system to clone my hard drive just in case, but I've never had to use it. I give it five stars, it's well worth the money
PC Matic must be renewed each year. The lowest purchase is good for 5 installations, which averages out to about $10 each. If you don't need 5, you could opt to share with family members, having each pay his or her $10 towards the cost.
I was very frustrated and tried to call them as they advertise they are in this country, speak English....etc. What I was told is they do not offer any phone support at all. They simply do not take calls from customers. They will email you, but if you need to clarify anything, and it is confusing to type, you are out of luck. They refunded my money no questions asked. It did not fix the problem I had when I ordered it, I could not talk to anyone about my issue, so I canceled service.
All I got was "Pop up window" in the area where there might be a question. I am sorry but I can not give an answer to that.
Good question, I will have to inquire about this. It does cover up to 5 computers you own.
Try the customer service number
It should work, but there can always be driver issues. Some hardware components are proprietary and may not have full function. But its easy to test. Just go to the ubuntu website download it and run it live off a usb. This way you wont make any permanent changes to your laptop. I normally dont install any linux software on my computer which are all windows and I run linux of a micro usb dongle. so first download ubuntu. Then go to http://www.pendriveapps.com/uui-universal-usb-installer/ and download uui - universal installer Run uui and burn ubuntu onto a usb. Once you burned it onto a usb, you can boot from usb. But make sure your bios is set to let you boot from usb before booting from hard drive. If your bios is set to boot from usb before harddrive your set. Restart your computer and let the linux load from usb. Once loaded you can play around with it and see if anything does not work or if everythingn is fine. I use a micro dongle, with linux install on it. And because its so small I usually dont remove it unless I need to use windows. Because its running from my usb and saves information on the usb it doesnt make any permanent changes to my laptop, but presently i am running windows 7. By the way, go to ubuntu.com to download ubuntu. Dont buy it online since ubuntu is free from the creators.
4gb or bigger USB drive will suffice nicely. USB drives are cheap so bigger is better!
It should.
In my opinion you should treat Linux as a completely new O.S. Do a complete backup of your XP: files, format your HDD, and boot from your DVD I think that you will be running Ubuntu. It is the better of the bunch. Make sure that it is 14.04, not 13.x.
Yes. That's exactly why I got it. I tried to restore my copy of Vista as well, and it worked ok at first but then went right back to being fussy again. The Linux actually deletes Vista from the drive completely and replaces it with Linux. Stylistically, it looks a little different than Windows, but not much. If you're used to the way Windows looks, it should only take 10 or 15 minutes at most to figure out where to find things in Linux. I think I had to find an e-mail program to use because it doesn't come with one. Thunderbird works well and is easy to figure out.
Because Amazon's prices like any retailer are not written in stone. You see a nice deal, get it when you see it.
I have always used Block (formerly Taxcut). It has always cost less to buy (price wise) and does the job with no hidden klinkers.
Well, it depends on the revision you use. If you by the software to install on your computer it's $19.95, if you use the internet verison it is what the chart says... $35
That's correct; you cannot import info directly from Schwab into the H&R Block software. I've used Tax Cut for years (I'm a Schwab customer), and I copy the info I need from Schwab into an Excel file, and then use a third party macro (from InvestoTeK, called ConvertExcel2TXF, $5.00) to make the conversion of the info from Schwab into the needed format (.TXF file) which can be imported. I discovered this last year when doing our 2009 taxes and it works great. You just pay for the macro and download it online. (I have no connection to InvestoTek except as a satisfied customer). FYI if you are a Schwab customer you can buy TurboTax through them for a discount. I just prefer the H&R Block software to TT.
In my experience using H&R B for the last several years, you can manually complete any form. You may, however, run into some issues when the program carries entries from one form to another. You do have the option to override entries, so the manual process should be workable, if not totally painless.
Premium has an advanced Schedule C, but there is a basic one in Deluxe.
Yes I believe they do.
I noticed that too as I use large font option, however it is only a display problem in my case, the numbers are there. If you put your cursor on the field and pan you might be able to see the rest of the number. I do in my display.
No, but you need your data files on line.
I know you can import from Turbo, but not sure about websites. I would say a "99.44%" yes
There will be nothing on the hard drive left. Its wiped clean. You'll have to reinstall with new software.
According to the instructions with the disc, it will wipe all Windows OS, including XP. I did two passes on Windows 7 and my HD was wiped clean. The cost is worth it.
Yes you can.
Yes
wipedrive 6 was designed to clean your entire drive to make it useful for a new clean install of any OS. It will not singularly remove specific or unwanted applications.
I imagine it will since it's going to clean "everything" off the hard drive. If you plan to selectively clean identified files, use caution as this is an aggressive cleaner.
No
I was trying to wipe XP off mine to load 8 but never got it to wipe drive clean.
If you can't turn it on, it won't work...
No, you cannot. The wipedrive will wipe the hard drive completely.
I upgraded from version 9 to this one and it worked however the upgrade to away features I had with 9 like customers adding gratuity on their credit card receipts. When contacting customer service I was told it is no longer part of the basic program and that I would need to upgrade to another program to get that feature back. So I would just be sure the upgrade will enhance not take away from what you are using.
Yes, I believe as long as they are the same version it should work.
Good afternoon Brad, QB POS v10.0 Free, is not eligible for up grade pricing. You would need to purchase a new user license. Peter Customer Relations Manager
I had version 6.0 and it worked fine.
Yes!
Good afternoon, thank you for your interest in QuickBooks Point of Sale Basic. This particular item is an upgrade from an older version to the most current version of QuickBooks Point of Sale. If you do not have a prior version search Amazon for: QuickBooks Point of Sale Pro 2013 New User it will take you to the listing for the new user software. Peter Customer Relations Manager
I ended up with both, one download and one on a cd
Yes! QuickBooks Point of Sale works great with Windows 8. When you purchase from Ability Business, we can offer you great support to help get you up and running.
Hi, Yes, Living Cookbook can import MasterCook recipes from all versions of MasterCook. There is an FAQ article that explains how it works: http://www.livingcookbook.com/support/faq/article.aspx?id=31 Living Cookbook 2011 is compatible with Windows 7 (and 98, 2000, Me, XP and Vista). There is also a page on LivingCookbook.com that compares Living Cookbook 2011's features against MasterCook 11: http://www.livingcookbook.com/product/compare.aspx Please let me know if you have any other questions. Lee Grainger Living Cookbook Developer
Yes. I have it working on my laptop which has Window 8.
Hi, No, we don't have a Mac version of Living Cookbook but there has been enough interest that we are considering developing one. Lee Grainger Living Cookbook Developer
I would like to know if this product includes a free efile for the business return (1065). On the H&R block site it states 5 federal efiles - 5 personal or does it include one for business????
If I remember correctly, in that edition there is a pdf print driver included with H&R that is installed when you install the program. When you choose print, look for the printer in your printer list.
If you click on the link "System Requirements" Windows 7 is listed so I am going to try it.
No it is not you. It won't work with Schwab. Also, not to embarrass you but the same question was asked and answered in this section under the CD copy of Deluxe.
Amazon's prices like any retail store are not written in stone, even for downloadable stuff. $26.99 was a great deal for me since I haven't paid that low for the CD version for a few years now. If you can beat it on ebay, and the downloadable version there is safe, then stop stalling, get it now. Just make sure it's what you want (fed and state combined I assume is what you want).
To the best of my knowledge, the only program it can import from is Turbo.
Although I rarely did before, the copies I bought on CD from earlier this decade would yes. If you are using the downloadable copy, just save the file on a flash drive.
Because not everyone needs it. I live in Florida and we have no State Income Tax.
I called Amazon about this exact issue (HR Block closed at 8 p.m. EST -- on April 9, no less!) The product key is under your account, in my games and software section. When you click on your software, it will have a button that says product code that you can click on for the key code. At least Amazon.com has people staffing their help section past 8 p.m.!
Yes you will get the latest version that is Mavericks compatible, just make sure that it says "sold by Fluenz" at the checkout to ensure you are getting the most recent version. We also do provide users with updates for future Apple updates as well. Cheers, Andy - Fluenz User Support
No, this is why I love Fluenz and purchased instead of Rosetta Stobe. I have Fluenz installed on all 3 of mycomputers. Plus, they have the full program online which you can access from any computer even if not installed. They give you a login for that website when you purchase the program. They are extremely customer focused and responsive if you call or email with questions. I researched extensively between Fluenz and Rosetta, and read about what a nightmare Rosetta is in terms of their licensing. I finally purchase Fluenz a couple years ago and have never regretted it.
No, the program doesn't come with a microphone. I am using a Logitech h540 headset/microphone which is not much money at best buy.
According to the system requirements posted on their website it supports "OS X 10.5 and above, including Mountain Lion" http://fluenz.com/support/system-requirements/
Hi John, The Fluenz program is 100% digital. Everything that you need is built into the lessons. There are also additional features such as the Fluenz Online, Flashcards, and the iPad/Android Phone/iPhone Apps. Cheers, Fluenz
We'd be happy to help. Can you please send us the order number or the full name of the person who purchased the program to help us locate that serial number. Once we have that we should be able to help further, bye for now.
Yes
I believe All 5 levels lead to and include A2 of CEFR ( Coomon European Framework Reference for languages).
Yes we do have a downloadable version. Feel free to contact us at usersupport@fluenz.com with your order number and we'll be happy to send you a link to download in addition to the Red Box. Cheers, Fluenz User Support
Here is a link to try out a free sample session. http://fluenz.com/frenchsamplesession/ All of our programs start from level 1, which are for beginners with no previous experience in the language. Don't hesitate to call us at 1-877-358-3695 with any questions. Cheers, Fluenz Team
Yes it will. Be careful to read all the reviews about POS 13. We just upgraded from POS 9 and are now opting to return POS 13 and take our chances with no support for POS 9 after 5/31. It is a major undertaking to switch back so just make sure it's what you want before upgrading.
Btw, are you looking for basic, pro, or multi-store?
months as I have problems with quickbooks 2013. ca make a dejat months since I lai buy I Still not able to insttaller
Hi Sure will. Not only will it work with the Home Patrol-1 but also the newer BCD436/536HP which are the later models of the Home Patrol. Take a look at this link. It's our website and has all the information you need. www.scancat.com/ There are also some video tutorials about this unit. Watch Video #8 and 9 at www.scancat.com/youtube Jim Computer Aided Technologies
Yes
It should work with any scanner. I use it on my Uniden BCD 396XT.
dose not work on scancat plus you need beafeng software and cable which Amazon sells
I'm using Windows 7, 64 bit and the program is working very well. Plus their customer service is outstanding - they will help you load, convert files, etc. and I believe they have a great return policy. Highly recommend the product and the vendor,
Hi Jessica, yes I just checked and tried it myself, you can search by the letter of the last name; not only that but by first name only, by address, by phone, by work place, work phone, fax number, email, web sites, city, cell phone, by more than I would have ever thought of. To me in my humble opinion, this is by far the best program EVER!! Truthfully, I still have not discovered everything it can do. I hope you go on their website and see a demo (I believe they have one) and all the fabulous features available. Plus, even better, you can back it up to any device you wish. I have it backed up on a flash drive, in DropBox.com and on an external hard drive. The reason is I have lost so many important things over the years due to computer crashes and my neglect to backup my data, so as you can see, I try to cover all bases and feel no shame that I have 2 to 3 locations for things that are very important to me. Hope this helps you and have a blessed day.
Yes this is possible. Once you have your addresses in the software database, all you need to do is to select the addresses which you want printed. Once this is done, you can see on your computer's screen a preview of what will print.
Yes you can. I have it loaded on both my wife's and my desktop and also on our laptop. You just have to backup your database on the main computer then transfer it to the other ones.
I couldn't find it. I typed my address book in manually.
Yes, you can select the font you prefer. I am very pleased with EZ Home & Office.
You should have plenty of room for that at the "notes" section at the bottom of each file. Only the address prints when doing labels. There are many fields that are not included in the "print labels". good luck Rob J.
I use EZ Home & Office in a limited sense, so may not have the definitive answer for this, but every name/address is saved under at least one category such as "family," "business," or any category heading you desire, so the program can also search by category.
I don't know since I have not tried it, but I have the paperwork that came with it and you can e-mail them at Support@ElwoodSoftware.com. They will be able to answer that for you,. I love the product and the way it works. I don't think you would be disappointed. Diane
Absolutely, I'm running it on Windows 8.1 and it works perfectly
Yes, it works with Windows 8 but I have not done a lot with it because I just have not taken the time to learn all that it can do.
you can get free clip art anywhere on the web as long as its royalty free, but i'm not sure if you can import it into the the craft artist platinum.
Sorry, not familiar with DSA2.
Yes there is a photobook upload.Hope this is helpful. have a great day .
standard size scrapbook page is 12"x12" if you have an A3 printer then you can print the 12x12 0r right up to 13x19, thats only if you have an A3 printer. there are numerous choices of paper size you can have, or custom size in the menu on serif. i'm not sure what you mean by print them myself....it depends on what you what to print out. i have printed out all kinds of things with serif, from full background sheets to one single tiny flower. it all depends on what you want to print out, unless you have a computer than no one else in the world has that presses the print button for you then, yes you have to press print yourself. hope i answered some questions for you. '
Yes, it works with Windows 8 but I have not done a lot with it because I just have not taken the time to learn all that it can do.
you can get free clip art anywhere on the web as long as its royalty free, but i'm not sure if you can import it into the the craft artist platinum.
Sorry, not familiar with DSA2.
Yes there is a photobook upload.Hope this is helpful. have a great day .
standard size scrapbook page is 12"x12" if you have an A3 printer then you can print the 12x12 0r right up to 13x19, thats only if you have an A3 printer. there are numerous choices of paper size you can have, or custom size in the menu on serif. i'm not sure what you mean by print them myself....it depends on what you what to print out. i have printed out all kinds of things with serif, from full background sheets to one single tiny flower. it all depends on what you want to print out, unless you have a computer than no one else in the world has that presses the print button for you then, yes you have to press print yourself. hope i answered some questions for you. '
Yes, it works with Windows 8 but I have not done a lot with it because I just have not taken the time to learn all that it can do.
you can get free clip art anywhere on the web as long as its royalty free, but i'm not sure if you can import it into the the craft artist platinum.
Sorry, not familiar with DSA2.
Yes there is a photobook upload.Hope this is helpful. have a great day .
standard size scrapbook page is 12"x12" if you have an A3 printer then you can print the 12x12 0r right up to 13x19, thats only if you have an A3 printer. there are numerous choices of paper size you can have, or custom size in the menu on serif. i'm not sure what you mean by print them myself....it depends on what you what to print out. i have printed out all kinds of things with serif, from full background sheets to one single tiny flower. it all depends on what you want to print out, unless you have a computer than no one else in the world has that presses the print button for you then, yes you have to press print yourself. hope i answered some questions for you. '
My version of Final Draft 8, which I bought two years ago, allows the purchaser to install the program on two computers simultaneously. To put it on a third computer, you must take it off one of the others. I don't remember the exact procedure, but I recall that it's outlined in Final Draft's website. If not, I did find the guy on their tech support line helpful.
I never tried. I only have one and use it constantly so... Sorry I can't be of assistance.
You know, I've not tried it, but I will. I use it on my laptop and I use the Final Draft app on my Ipad. When the app was released for Ipad, the only way to export a script in PDF for clients and so forth was to have the full program on a computer. They have fixed this and you can export, print, and email using the app.
Yes, but I think it's a read only app. Script pro has a writing app. Although, I found I need my computer still to flush scenes.
My version of Final Draft 8, which I bought two years ago, allows the purchaser to install the program on two computers simultaneously. To put it on a third computer, you must take it off one of the others. I don't remember the exact procedure, but I recall that it's outlined in Final Draft's website. If not, I did find the guy on their tech support line helpful.
I never tried. I only have one and use it constantly so... Sorry I can't be of assistance.
You know, I've not tried it, but I will. I use it on my laptop and I use the Final Draft app on my Ipad. When the app was released for Ipad, the only way to export a script in PDF for clients and so forth was to have the full program on a computer. They have fixed this and you can export, print, and email using the app.
Yes, but I think it's a read only app. Script pro has a writing app. Although, I found I need my computer still to flush scenes.
My version of Final Draft 8, which I bought two years ago, allows the purchaser to install the program on two computers simultaneously. To put it on a third computer, you must take it off one of the others. I don't remember the exact procedure, but I recall that it's outlined in Final Draft's website. If not, I did find the guy on their tech support line helpful.
I never tried. I only have one and use it constantly so... Sorry I can't be of assistance.
You know, I've not tried it, but I will. I use it on my laptop and I use the Final Draft app on my Ipad. When the app was released for Ipad, the only way to export a script in PDF for clients and so forth was to have the full program on a computer. They have fixed this and you can export, print, and email using the app.
Yes, but I think it's a read only app. Script pro has a writing app. Although, I found I need my computer still to flush scenes.
No, to my knowledge it won't do food costs but it will do shopping lists.
Yes. Once you have imported a recipe, you can change it or annotate it. If you type in your own recipe, you can put in whatever information you want.
I believe that's Snow Leopard? If so, it is compatible. I started out with 10.6.8 and have upgraded to 10.8.5, with no problems with MacGourmet.
Sorry - I don't know. I've never tried it.
You can adjust anything you want. I use it mostly for importing recipes from the web and a filing system, including my own recipes - all in one place, easy to find!
Wish I could help but I don't use the shopping list function Judy
You can save weekly menu plans in the "Notes" section and you can retrieve the plans as desired. You can have shopping lists for multiple recipes to simplify shopping.
Yes! You can scan a recipe to a text file and drag the file to the clipping option of MacGourmet. I've done it many times with no difficulty. I also the copy the recipe image and paste it in.
Importing Recipe ML, MasterCook MXP & MX2 and Meal-Master files To import a file: Using MacGourmet, choose File &gt; Import... Choose the file you want to import and choose the appropriate file format, RecipeML, MasterCook MXP & MX2 or Meal-Master. This is copied from MacGoumet Deluxe's help. I like it.
Program is the same as Ver.1.2 does not work right. Save you dollars!!
I use this program to view and move my designs. I'm lost without it. When you click on a zipped design file this program will expand the file and show the contents. From there, you can select designs to put on a flash drive. Yes, it is easy to print pictures of the designs. The software probably does more, but this is my primary use of it.
Yes, you can open/select a single design in a folder to open, multiple designs, a single folder, or even multiple folders to open. I love this version of BuzzXplore (I had an earlier version and upgraded to this one). You can see as much detail regarding stitch count, color count, etc. You can see the "Actual Size" of any design by selecting the design, right-click the mouse, and select "Actual Size." Up pops another window with the actual size of the design. You can "see" designs that are still in zipped files, can unzip files within the program, and you can convert one or many designs at once to the most common machine formats. Since I have many, many designs, I love this program!
I was able to.
I don't know as I don't do that. Sorry
The BuzzXplore v2 Quick Start Guide (p 24) says "Note Graphics are converted from one graphics format to another graphics format. You cannot (written in bold) create an embroidery design using this command (that is, convert from jpg (photo format) to pes (embroidery format). To create embroidery designs from graphics, you need an auto-digitizing program such as Buzz-2-Stitches." You can search the internet for home embroidery auto-digitizing programs that will convert graphic formats to embroidery formats, such as BuzzTools, Amazing Designs, and others.
The version of BuzzXplore I have (V2 Bld 69) will convert from ART to any number of other formats, but doesn't convert to ART. The version I have is several years old and doesn't appear to be "Premier". I hope this is somewhat helpful. Karen
I am sorry but I only have windows 7.
I use it for my baby lock sophia and pe 770. It is very user friendly...i picked it up quickly. I could not grasp embroidery and do not sew what pro at all...i use only buzz programs as I find them the most user friendly.
Yes you can download and import fonts from other sites. This is a great easy to use program.
not sure about the ultimate box but no it does not dizitize.
Yes
Yes, you can.
Not that I know of. It is a great program tho and very easy to use. Alyce
Hello, I have only used a few times but you don't need other software. Go on line to buzz tools. Com I think that's right, and they have some trial periods for their various packages. Hope this helps Janet
You can view great video tutorials on their webpage.
yes. you have to set the letter spacing to 0 I think. its very pretty!
Did you suspend or uninstall any antivirus software already on your computer? I had no problems installing it on my two computers. Go back and read the downloading instructions . If you still can not get it to download, then email for help to: support@pcpitstop.com
Several years ago when I installed an earlier version with another antivirus program, the speed of the computer slowed down. I wrote PCmatic about it and they gave me step by step instructions of what to do to remove Macafee. Since it was about 4 years ago, I do not know how the current version will act. I hope this helps
This product works on all pc`so and laptops and as stated by my last email from them they will cover 10 as well
PC Matic only works by internet. It has to have internet to stay up to date and its major function is to monitor threats from the Internet. It would take care of the problems you now have of course, but there are stand alone programs that will do that.
No they work independent of each other
yes on win 8,,,,,not sure on mac
Don't know but you can contact there customer support their really good
Of course you can, this is what's good about the download
Yes
Start the download from Amazon.com under your Software Library, or you can download directly from www.pcpitstop.com/pcmatic and register it with the license key on the Amazon software library. You need to use the same email address and password for all 5 installations.
Did you suspend or uninstall any antivirus software already on your computer? I had no problems installing it on my two computers. Go back and read the downloading instructions . If you still can not get it to download, then email for help to: support@pcpitstop.com
Several years ago when I installed an earlier version with another antivirus program, the speed of the computer slowed down. I wrote PCmatic about it and they gave me step by step instructions of what to do to remove Macafee. Since it was about 4 years ago, I do not know how the current version will act. I hope this helps
This product works on all pc`so and laptops and as stated by my last email from them they will cover 10 as well
PC Matic only works by internet. It has to have internet to stay up to date and its major function is to monitor threats from the Internet. It would take care of the problems you now have of course, but there are stand alone programs that will do that.
No they work independent of each other
yes on win 8,,,,,not sure on mac
Don't know but you can contact there customer support their really good
Of course you can, this is what's good about the download
Yes
Start the download from Amazon.com under your Software Library, or you can download directly from www.pcpitstop.com/pcmatic and register it with the license key on the Amazon software library. You need to use the same email address and password for all 5 installations.
Yes
Yes -- I have had several Brother sewing/embroidery machines
Yes. Works great
Don't know about Mac. I got the PC version.
Pretty much all of your machine formats.
Hi Nancy, Thank you for your interest. The CD's include both Windows and MAC versions.
34
I'm sorry...I passed this along to my grandson. His dad is a computer whiz but he had a little trouble loading it...helped to read the directions. ...A word of warning...I accidentally ordered a second one of these and when I returned it, the 'restocking fee' was for the exact amount of the purchase. Buyer beware.
Under what mode does it run on Windows 7? It freezes on Windows 7 mode, Windows XP SP2 mode, and Vista mode for me. I am running the CD Home Version.
Can you be clearer?
No
I'm currently running this on Windows 8.1.
Yes
Dragon can do this but so can Office and Windows Vista and higher. Just google it if you want to see how.
I have installed version 11 on two laptops, one with Windows 7 the other with Windows 8, and it works on both.
I don't know what they're getting at with that description. The product requires Windows Vista, Windows 7 or Windows 8. I'm not certain if it's compatible with Windows 8.1 yet or not. This is NOT MAC/Apple compatible. That version is clearly labeled as such.
Yea it worked for my husband and i
I'm not sure, it's very confusing and nonsensical. This is a Windows based version of the program.
Yes, the headsets vary according to the packaging, but mine was nice with a mic that folds up and is flexible, kinda like a bendable straw, I felt like it was a free gift for what I paid for it.
On this no- all pre-fabbed figures. Even Poser 9 is problematic in letting you create custom characters.
Yes
Two disks are supplied, one for the PC and the other for the Mac. Look at the back of both disk envelopes. I believe the Serial Number is on the back of the Mac envelope. If not, try the other.
Hi Eleonora, Yes the software includes the horses and some extra animals also it includes cartoons, sceneries, etc. I had lot's of fun using this software and I bet you'll love them to.
Well - if you have a MackBook pro, you should already have a 500GB hard disk - maybe you have a macbook air? I was able to install it and run it successfully on my MacBook Pro. It does take up some space, though, so if you don't already have a hard drive, you'll probably need one.
It ran fine when I was using Windows 7. Not so good on Windows 8.
All the forms that is needed for anything you need is on this program. If I'm not mistaken, the Legal Guardian forms are included. I use this whenever my boys are away and need to have the forms for someone else to give permission on medical care. I haven't had to use any Legal Guardian, but I believe it is there.
I have never used this document but it seems to me that it would be fine.
I can't find a quit claim deed, just warranty deed.
I don't thinks so with this program
I haven't tried this. I uninstalled the 2007 version to install the 2011 version. I also did not save any older version maps.
Never, and you cant import older " est." files into it. I have lost hundreds of files of addresses when I foolishly bought version 2011 to update my 2005 version. All my old saved data is useless. Also, there are few improvements in the 2011 version except easier access to the (optional, expensive) GPS plug in. This GPS plug in is useless and redundent since most serious drivers have GPS in there autos anyway. I rate Streets and Trips an "F". It sucks.
Hi Early - No, Streets and Trips will not generate routes based on truck restrictions (No Truck Roads). Many truckers do use the software for planning regardless. There are 'tools' available that will help in planning routes for your big rig...the link below for instance is part of a discussion at LaptopGPSworld.com that talks about the 'POI Mega File' that includes - among other things - a low bridge heights listing. http://www.laptopgpsworld.com/2595-poi-mega-file-pushpin-collections-truckers-rvers-other-travelers#post20736 Of course - as a professional driver, you know you are ultimately responsible for adhering to road signage and staying off 'No Truck' routes....there are Software Packages - such as ALK CoPilot - that generate routes based on truck restrictions...but even these packages can never be 100%. Streets and Trips is a great low cost tool - I suggest trying a post to other truckers at www.laptopgpsworld.com. You'll also find free training at www.mypointsales.com Hope this helped!
To start with it's Corel, not corell and Pro X4, not Studio5. This is a video editing software, not a social media.
Not sure if you're still looking for an answer. But if you still want to know, the answer is "no". This is not a tool to transfer or import clips from one format to another. You will have to first convert your VHS movies into digital format before you can use this software for editing.
I'm using it with win 8.1 and on win 8 prior to that.
I have no idea.. I never bought this.
To start with it's Corel, not corell and Pro X4, not Studio5. This is a video editing software, not a social media.
Not sure if you're still looking for an answer. But if you still want to know, the answer is "no". This is not a tool to transfer or import clips from one format to another. You will have to first convert your VHS movies into digital format before you can use this software for editing.
I'm using it with win 8.1 and on win 8 prior to that.
I have no idea.. I never bought this.
very good graphics and more exciting than the first edition
The copy we got of Oregon Trail did work on Windows 7.
I have been using this one for years and it works fine. My grandkids just played it yesterday.
I run the game on W7, 64 bit. So yes.
As I understand it ,it was based on Windows 98, then XP would run it then the one we have was patched for windows 7 but I'm sure I've head there is no or very little Dos in Windows 8
I have windows 7 and it worked perfectly on mine. Do you have the full windows 7. On my previous laptop, I had windows 7 starter. I am not disputing it is not working on some windows 7's but I have a dell and it worked fine on mine. It also is a little slow on loading. Try deleting any portions of it from your computer and then put the disc back in and try again. Maybe something went wrong the 1st time and if it sees any of the "oregon trail" on your computer, it may think that it is already loaded.
The copy I bought did not even work on Windows 7, but as I recall, when I got it, it turned out not to be the right version. So, it's possible that it will if you actually get a copy that was designed for Windows 7. If it just says in the add that it is compatible, but it is old, it probably won't work. If it's cheap enough, it might be worth taking to risk to see, but in my experience, it didn't work.
R2 is 64 bit only.
Yes 5 cals
Yes. 4 is the max physical CPU count it supports.
comes with a disk.
Generally yes; sometimes the key will only work if the previous install is exactly the same version as this version. However, you could reinstall if there is a difference in versions, since you will have the installer disk.
64 Bit Only. There is no 32 bit 08 R2.
it actually comes with 5 CALs for which you choose whether they will be user or device CALs, in any combination not exceeding five. You choose this once; legally you are not permitted to alter this choice later.
Yes, this can be run in a vmware virtual machine. It actually includes two license keys, the primary key and a separate license key in the packaging for the virtual server deployment. If you go with vmware you lose some of the licensing benefit by having only one key be legally usable, but if you go with hyper-v, this essentially means you may use the physical machine license key on the host server, configure hyper-v, and then use the virtual machine license key on a virtual machine on that host, giving you two usable OS installs for the price of one.
I think that it is the retail version. I had just bought it for the lic code.
Hi Really depends on the age of your machine. This version is for system builders, meaning you'd have to wipe windows xp and install win7 fresh. This won't upgrade an existing windows installation. If your machine is older than 4 years, I'd suggest a new machine. The install took 15gb of my hard disk
Yes there is.
Yes. Almost all modern CPU's and chipsets are 64-bit. Can't speak for AMD but for Intel it's Core 2 Duo and later are 64-bit.
Impossible. 64 bit programs only work on 64 bit computers. 32 bit programs will work on both 64 bit and 32 bit computers.
This is a full install dvd, but only for a clean drive. I'm guessing the one for $199 is an upgrade...I would suggest Win 8.1.
I upgraded from Vista on 2 computers. it was a hands off success. Both of them work significantly better now.
Absolutely. I installed Windows 7 on a late 2009 iMac via boot camp. I am running Mountain Lion OS on my Mac by the way. Also, my Mac has a 2.66 ghz processor and 8 GB of RAM. Windows 7 runs flawlessly, buttery smooth and lightning fast. You will love it. My only regret is I should have made the partition larger. I only devoted 80 GB to Windows, I wish i had devoted 200 GB of my 1 terabyte drive. Also, when you get to the point of formatting the drive during installation when Windows starts, choose ADVANCED and format the partition in the NTSB format. Windows will only run in this format, NOT the default FAT format that boot camp creates.
Yes you can. I did that and it worked but the game performance was too slow to suit my son. So we uninstalled it and installed it again using Boot Camp. This way it works much faster.
I myself am disappointed with Windows 8. I am a technical person and removing one operating system with another can be tricky depending upon the type of machine you have. After discussion with a local computer shop I do business with, told me they charge $200 for the operating system and the labor cost to replace. They are doing many replacements of this nature and having difficulty keeping windows 7 in stock for sale because of this. If you are not technical then replacing an operating system may be extremely difficult for you. With some laptops, for example, you have to change some BIOS settings before you can boot your machine from the installation disk. Do your research for your particular machine on how to replace 8 with 7 before you spend any money. Also look into a free program call ClassicShell with makes windows 8 screen look like Windows 7 after installation - start button and all. It has quirks but makes 8 more useable if you don't have a touch screen. Hope this helps. Best of luck to you in your endeavor.
If you do a clean install you shouldn't have a problem. Sounds like your sims game is failing. Possibly you installed 64 bit and originally had 32bit?. That might be the problem with your game.
Its the whole OS including SP1.
Interesting scenario. Have you contacted Lenovo to see if they can send you 32 bit disks? Licensing forbids multiple installations from one license. Some of the Windows 7 came with virtual XP (32bit), could you app run on that?
Mine came in a Windows 7 sealed boxed, cd holder with key code inside.
You have to buy a license for every individual computer you install the software on.
Technically yes. However, the License is good for one PC and one installation, however you can perform an inplace repair installation (by using the upgrade option) by launching the setup program via the installation media from within Windows 7, and if you need to completely reinstall the operating system (where you might re-format the Hard Drive) despite it being activated a phone call to Microsoft's Activation hotline may allow you to use the key again as long as it's on the same computer. They're usually pretty helpful if something goes wrong with your 1st attempt at installing their software.
Correct. You need 64 bit operating system to read over 4gb ram
First things first. Make sure you have all of the Windows 7 drivers for your laptop motherboard. Also make sure it meets the minimum requirements for the OS. Any of the Windows 7 OS should work for you, except Enterprise of course. Hope this helps, good luck.
sp1 means Service Pak 1 it is a consolidation of numerous patches,security updates and other updates to Windows 7. The minimum hardware requirements are: 1 gigahertz (GHz) or faster 32-bit (x86) or 64-bit (x64) processor 1 gigabyte (GB) RAM (32-bit) or 2 GB RAM (64-bit) 16 GB available hard disk space (32-bit) or 20 GB (64-bit) DirectX 9 graphics device with WDDM 1.0 or higher driver
This is a fully functioning developer version factory sealed by Microsoft. The product key is included. I had no problems installing or registering, but this is NOT the retail version so you will not have any technical support available.
2 GBs is the recommended minimum. I upgraded to Win 7 from XP, but I had 4 GBs memory. Works fine.
Hi David I can give you my experiance. I own a 3 year old Dell 410 desk top PC. It needed an upgrade to keep up with newer software. Step 1 More memory Max for this model. 2 New hard drive, went with the new Solid Sate Digital Drive 60 Gigabyte. To make this happen needed to purchace Windows 7 Home Premium SP1 32bit (OEM) System Builder DVD 1 Pack. OS does have support for SSD drives, with other experienced tweaks these were the results. Windows XP to 7 with the upgrades mentioned. The entire prosses took me about 3 hours. 2 hours to install 7 and all my other software. Has run flawless out of the box. computer start up went from 5 to 7 minutes to 92 secounds. from user screen log on it was 3.5 minutes now 23 seconds. All made possible by the product you want to purchase. I hope this helps.
Microsoft's Office with "Word" has never been included with Windows 7 Home Premium. It is purchased individually as a separate product. Back 2 or 3 years ago MS office was included in most new laptop and PC purchases but this has also stopped being true. What most new laptops and PC's offer is Microsoft Office starter. This is a reduced functionality Word and Excel with advertising. Pretty much useless. There is "Open Office" which is free, fully functional and compatible to Microsoft office. Just Google around for it, you'll find it. There is also Google business apps which is finally beginning to cut into Microsoft's market share, however... it is cheap, but not free. Good Luck!
No you cannot. You must have one unique (paid for) Product Key for each machine you want to install Windows 7 on. The System Builder DVD gives you one product key good for one machine only. You can buy additional licenses, however. I don't know the details of how to use or take advantage of Microsoft's "Volume Licensing". I don't install Microsoft Operating Systems in large enough volume to justify the cost of a volume license. However the idea is you get one product key per machine -- something like that. What you can be sure of is that if you install a Microsoft Operating System from a DVD, be prepared to type in a unique, paid-for product key for each machine you install on. You can browse http://www.microsoft.com/oem to get more information about their System Builder program, including the licensing.
You will be far better off doing a fresh install rather than an upgrade. Definitely worth the price difference.
That would be the best thing you could do for your computer and your piece of mind. I feel it is better then Windows 8.
Not with this product unless you format your hard drive first.
As I read it, after I got it is NO. It will not update anything unless, you completely format your hard drive, since it is for new computers, and not an upgrade. That is what I wanted and when I got this I couldn't even understand what I was supposed to do. You have to buy another program to get ready to install this one. So my answer would be no upgrade for any operating system. I wanted it for XP, but have a Vista too, NADA, as I read it. I sent it back and Amazon is amazing in handling returns. Thanks Amazon.............
I have installed Windows on hard drives that were brand new and just had the original factory formatting. Once started in the CDROM drive Windows would check the new drive for formatting, format if necessary, and then proceed to install itself on the new drive.
This is new install so it wipes any other OS and ALL FILES that you have previously loaded. Be sure to backup your files first and have the media to reinstall the programs or apps that you run.
Yes There Is A version For Windows 7 Probably Available For Download If You Do Not Have It Already
Yes, I hated Win 8 that came with my laptop. I bought Win 7 Ultimate on Amazon, took the laptop to a local computer house and had them wipe Win 8 and install Win 7. Been using it ever since. Win 8 is not suitable for a mostly business computer. It is for tablets.
The same way as if it was a regular hard drive. Can you be more specific? What kind of issue are you having with installation of windows 7?
One. Multipack will be more expensive. But if u just buy this one u can still install on another computer and within 30 days you can purchase additional code from Microsoft for full activation on the second computer
No it's a seperate software. But the operating system is a good rock to throw it on.
I love my Windows7Ultimate64 but I am OLD SCHOOL!, They say Windows8.1 has less FAT and more slimlined interactivity. Windows7 has good support for now but will end some day. Windows 8.1 will take some getting use to. I would go with Windows7 but as I said I AM OLD SCHOOL
You should be able to
You must do an clean install. Vista Ultimate was upgradeable to Win 7 Ultimate. Truth is you maybe able to do an "Upgrade" but your License Key is not likely to work even on an upgrade. Your best bet is to backup, verify you have your drivers and your applications at hand, then delete the partitions. Reloading to clean partitions is your best chance of success.
Yes
Well I use a Samsung 830 Series 256GB SSD in my gaming laptop. Never had any problems with it. Do not ever defragment one or you'll ruin it! I would go with at least a 128 GB SSD such as a Samsung 840 EVO-Series 120GB SSD. Also don't bother with the software that comes with it. More people run into trouble using buggy software. Run it as is - set to ACHI in BIOS and enable TRIM mode. Lifehacker has tips on "How to Maximize the Life of Your SSD". If you really just want a 60 GB go with Kingston Digital 60GB SSD.
The actually operating system is no different. Just the legality of its use.
Thanks for the TRUTH. Just another Microsoft bloat-ware gotta-have dont-be-left-out press-here-for-important-blah-blah-blah
No, this is an OEM (original equipment manufacturer) and single use disc for installation on new build. I would also recommend new motherboard and memory if you decide to buy. With 64bit you are not limited to 3GB memory maximum on 32bit systems. I purchased this item because I was dumping all my 32bit windows XP Professional systems and building new 64bit systems with multiple cores and maximum memory. You can reinstall on same computer up to 3 times after that you may have problems activating. Also after install if you change too much of your hardware it will affect your activation. http://www.microsoft.com/licensing/about-licensing/windows7.aspx
No it does not, you have to order Microsoft Office.
I bought a HP desktop and use this to over-write with it, it didn't work for me(won't format). It required me to have Win 8 OEM to unlock some sort of setting in F8. HP don't included the disk so i did another way... I just bought a Samsung SSD for it. If your situation is like mine, maybe you can do it my way : ) Change from Disk drive to SSD is much faster.
Yes 100% yes, I personally did it. However be prepared youtube has may videos on how and why just be prepared to mess with the drivers for your computer and the bios. Also tech support with almost disown you -source personal experience
I just installed it with bootcamp on my iMac. No big problems. Needed to use a wired mouse during the install. Also it had me format the bootcamp partition before the install, very quick (just followed the prompts). After the install on the windows side. The magic mouse didn't seem like it was going to work, but took several seconds then it did. There was no sound and the resolution looked terrible. Needed to install the drivers for the sound card and video card... these are on the Mac OS disk (just pop it in and run it on the Windows side and follow the prompts). Everything is running smooth and looking good. I installed a few windows programs (which was what I had wanted Windows for (a few programs I run that don't have mac versions)). This is a fresh install so no problems that I can see at this point. No significant install troubles. My iMac now automatically boots Windows, press and hold the "alt/option" key during power up and you can select either Windows or Mac OS to use.
Fresh new install.
Win7 uses up to 32g as far as I know. I've got mine set up w dual boot to win7 or xp although when I boot to xp I'm limited to 2g of useable ram.
You need 2 separate keys, so will need 2 copies. I had the same challenge, but since this is oem it is only 1 license for 1 pc.
It was on the sticker on the outside of the plastic case the CD was in on my copy. It's the windows 7 sticker that goes on your pc when OS is installed if you want to put it on.
The program operates with 64 bit, yes. But it won't copy protected DVD's...which is pretty much every DVD. Buy a better product than this junk.
I have windows 8-- I just used the Roxio Easy CD & DVD burner for the first time --worked like a charm on the audio cd and I tested it out --I have a few of the burners --this is the best one.
Actually on Windows, I convert my CD's to mp3 using the included Microsoft Media Player. Under the "rip music" tab in the preference you can select the format as "mp3" and dial up the "Audio Quality" to as much as 320 bps. Once set in preferences it runs automatically every time I stick in a CD. You don't need to add software to do this. For me the sound quality seem great ... but do note I am no longer a young person and my hearing is not what it used to be ... so this particular part of my opinion should be taken with that in mind.
Yes, I have Vista and it has worked on my system.
Yes you can. I write movie files to dvd's often.
If its not copy protected
We have been using the CDs and DVDs that are inkjet printable and have printed them with an Epson inkjet printer using the Epson software that came with the printer.
I am not sure about mp4 files but it has recorded everything I have tried to put on cd, including downloads from Amazon cloud service.
i want to say yes/ have not tried it but i believe the program is capable...hope it helps you go for it!!
I Don't Think so
You could watch wat h youre playing on your ps3 in a window on your pc yes
The standard one does not, you would need to use additional software like Audacity or Garage Band to record your voice. The HD Pro version of this does have the ability to record your voice with Live Stream. As for game chat, I think it depends on which console you're using.
We have not been able to use it. We have a new lap top and it won't work. Sorry can not answer the question.
It comes with the output cables but you have to order the input ps3 or Xbox component cables Hope this helps
No idea I have trying to get mine to work since I get it a while ago I keep getting the "select device failed" And trying to get in contact with the makers is a nightmare
It comes with the Cables to connect the Capture Card to TV but you need to Buy The HD Xbox Component Cables. They are around $10 dlls on Amazon
When you stop recording iit just save it
No
Yes you can but might as well record from your next gen console
No
You could watch wat h youre playing on your ps3 in a window on your pc yes
The standard one does not, you would need to use additional software like Audacity or Garage Band to record your voice. The HD Pro version of this does have the ability to record your voice with Live Stream. As for game chat, I think it depends on which console you're using.
We have not been able to use it. We have a new lap top and it won't work. Sorry can not answer the question.
It comes with the output cables but you have to order the input ps3 or Xbox component cables Hope this helps
No idea I have trying to get mine to work since I get it a while ago I keep getting the "select device failed" And trying to get in contact with the makers is a nightmare
It comes with the Cables to connect the Capture Card to TV but you need to Buy The HD Xbox Component Cables. They are around $10 dlls on Amazon
When you stop recording iit just save it
No
Yes you can but might as well record from your next gen console
No
It's a considered to be a program for one building. But it will allow you to create multiple databases- classroom, library, etc. then you can have as many users in the system as you enter. It's a very flexible program.
What do you mean "the software is not using cloud". Does not run from the web server? It does not. We offer web server library catalog that is integrated with Small Library, data from Small Library is transferred to our web library server, and users can search and browse library items. This service requires additional payment (180/year). We also work on a new application that will run from the web server.
it doesn't really seem to have much of a limitation on how many it will handle. I've entered over 500 books and counting at this point for our school plus digital media
You need a full printer for this software. So just do the usual process of making sure it's compatible with your computer.
You will need labels to print spine and barcode labels. Program supports many standard formats. Customized labels can be defined by user.
You don't need it, but there is a way to add that to the information stored.
Yes it's compatible with Windows 8
You can print your own labels- both for spines and bar coding
No- sorry but its a windows based program. Good luck as you search for the program that will work for you.
It's a considered to be a program for one building. But it will allow you to create multiple databases- classroom, library, etc. then you can have as many users in the system as you enter. It's a very flexible program.
What do you mean "the software is not using cloud". Does not run from the web server? It does not. We offer web server library catalog that is integrated with Small Library, data from Small Library is transferred to our web library server, and users can search and browse library items. This service requires additional payment (180/year). We also work on a new application that will run from the web server.
it doesn't really seem to have much of a limitation on how many it will handle. I've entered over 500 books and counting at this point for our school plus digital media
You need a full printer for this software. So just do the usual process of making sure it's compatible with your computer.
You will need labels to print spine and barcode labels. Program supports many standard formats. Customized labels can be defined by user.
You don't need it, but there is a way to add that to the information stored.
Yes it's compatible with Windows 8
You can print your own labels- both for spines and bar coding
No- sorry but its a windows based program. Good luck as you search for the program that will work for you.
Running Sage PT 2012 2 user, on Win 8.1 and Xp. Works fine. Is this your first PT venture?
Yes
It's a single user license, but in my case it fit the need.
Yes
I'm not sure what you mean. If you mean can you pay for one and get two; the answer is no. After buying Peachtree 2012 and finding out later it was a single user, I had to buy Peachtree 2010 for 5 users. It was close to $400.00 and believe me, if I didn't have so much of my past invoices and hundreds of inventory items in this piece of junk software, I would have used anything else to run my business. Sage is all about extracting dollars from you. That's their main concern.
You'll have to have the 2014 version or the newly released 2015 version of Peachtree (Now called "Sage 50") to convert QuickBooks 2014.
With a download you are not getting software that is specifically tied to a particular serial and registration number. It is the serial number that is unique to each registration number so there really is little risk with the download. However if you plan to use payroll this is not the version for you as Sage will not sell you a tax service for it as it is an obsolete version. Also you won't be able to get support for it if you need it. They are now on version 2015
I believe if it is multi-user it says on the box. I don't see where it says that on this box. Payroll is usually included in with the software, but you have to purchase the support for it, as in up to date tax withholding tables etc.
Mine was shipped to my house on a disk.
sorry Elvis - I did not - however this software (& the time to use it) resulted in my passing my license exam first time. Best of luck with your studies!
Yes, it did. Everything was in its original packaging and all in order. I love CS5.5 more than CS6!
Did you ever get an answer to this question? Did you seek outside information other than just this forum?
Either a current student ID or a current transcript of classes.
Yes. It is also available for teachers, and other staff of a university, so as a fellow you should be fine. Use your .edu email when verifying! When on the product page there is a link that says "more details" after describing the requirements for buying the student & teacher edition.
What I received was a cd. Whether it runs on Maverick, I do not know.
It has worked fine for me. However, I haven't had the opportunity to do much with it to really test it out.
No, it's not photoshop, it's more like page maker, more of a publishing program.
In which of the programs are you looking for the Bone Tool?
I was able to install it on both my desktop and laptop, I do not know about a third... It may require installing from the original location as internet authorization is required.
I'm not sure. Sorry
Yes, it did. Everything was in its original packaging and all in order. I love CS5.5 more than CS6!
Did you ever get an answer to this question? Did you seek outside information other than just this forum?
Either a current student ID or a current transcript of classes.
Yes. It is also available for teachers, and other staff of a university, so as a fellow you should be fine. Use your .edu email when verifying! When on the product page there is a link that says "more details" after describing the requirements for buying the student & teacher edition.
What I received was a cd. Whether it runs on Maverick, I do not know.
It has worked fine for me. However, I haven't had the opportunity to do much with it to really test it out.
No, it's not photoshop, it's more like page maker, more of a publishing program.
In which of the programs are you looking for the Bone Tool?
I was able to install it on both my desktop and laptop, I do not know about a third... It may require installing from the original location as internet authorization is required.
I'm not sure. Sorry
Hello Carrie, The full featured program, with edit ability, etc. can be used on only ONE PC and you have to register the program on that PC. However, the ability to create PDF files (the PDF Creator installs as a Printer) is pretty much unlimited. Other PC's can make as many PDF's as they like by simply telling the program they are working in to print their document to "Corel PDF Creator". They can create PDF's but cannot edit, merge or change them.
Yes
Yes. But it takes a bit of learning curve. Not as easy as in Adobe. But still doable
Yes. I print online check images from my bank this way so I have a pdf copy for reimbursements.
I am not successful in converting documents from my version of Publisher to PDF with this edition of Corel PDF Fusion.
Yes, both windows 7 and 8 will work.
You can convert a PDF to a Word document in .doc form.
No
You can use it to convert a .pdf to .doc and then edit but you can not edit the .pdf directly.
1.12 Build 16 4/13
Yes
I successfully loaded a Jamvox VST but I can't be sure about Izotope Ozone. It is supposed to be VST Compatable.
Sorry, I'm using Windows 7, Home Premium
yes you can
Can you import wav and mp3 tracks and record over them like on ProTools?
You can record just guitar yes. U will need to plug guitar into a interface or from an out put from the amp into ur computer using the blue plug on ur audio card..
Most likely, although you may be able to upgrade from older versions. Check with Quark. They are VERY sticky about upgrades.
QuarkXPress 9 requires Mac OS 10.5.8 (Leopard), Mac OS 10.6.4 (Snow Leopard) or later and a Mac Intel processor with a minimum of 1GB RAM and 2GB hard disk space - or - Microsoft Windows XP (Service Pack 2 or 3), Windows Vista 1.0, or Windows 7 and Microsoft .NET Framework 3.5 SP1 with a minimum of 1GB RAM and 1GB hard disk space.
Yes, I did it and works fine if you are on Maverick 10.5.. Problem is they are now pitching Quark 10 because you need it if you take the free upgrade from Apple to Yosemite...the latest. Quark 9 will not...so the deal is you buy upgrade to Quark 1o to use Yosemite - the upgrade includes Quark 11 when it comes out.
Yes, you can still upgrade to version 9 but the current version is 9.5. If you purchase an upgrade to 9.1 there is a free update on the QuarkXPress website to get you to 9.5. It looks like you only have a couple of weeks before Quark removes the option to upgrade from versions 3-7. Also if you buy version 9 now, you'll receive version 10 for free.
I find it easy to learn and use. It provides all that I need for design application.
According to their web site, "TypingMaster Pro is fully compatible with Windows Vista, Windows 7, Windows 8 and Windows 8.1."
I don't have the cover any longer. It appears that the license is for more than one computer but it may be limited to one user at a time.
I would suggest downloading the demo and giving it a try: http://www.typingmaster.com/education/pro/demo.asp
Not sure about Dvorak LH and RH but yes for 10-key
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes it really helped me with many aspects of typing skills.
Not sure about windows 8. Most windows operating systems allow you to run software backwards compatable. It's usuully in the install or properties dialogue box where you simply check a box.
I don't believe so. Check their website to see if that feature exists...
David, Premiere Elements comes with a Help application that launches when you select the menu Help&gt;Elements Organizer Help, or Help&gt;Premiere Elements Help. This way, we can refresh the content frequently and address common questions. Alternatively you will see a link to the URL in the top right corner of the Help application, which you can bookmark. A 3rd option is that you click on the View Help pdf file, also in the top right corner of the Help application window, if you wish to save it to your harddisk or print it. Please note however, that the pdf file won't be updated during the course of the product release, whereas the online Help resources will. If you are still stuck and need further assistance, please contact Technical Support at 1-800-833-6687, Monday-Friday, 5am-7pm PST. Regards, Adobe Tech Support
Yes, it will
It's not really a converter but you can output to mpeg, avi, adobe flash video, windows media, quick time, and also to the ipod etc... And yes you definitely can burn your HD mts files to standard DVD. But if you want to do a lot of HD editing you will need a powerful computer, above the minimum requirements set by adobe.
I'm sure the horrible experience I had with buying Adobe Premiere Elements through Amazon isn't typical, but it was a nightmare, and I would never risk trying to buy it again. Through some unfortunate snafu, I was sold an OEM version of the program which isn't supposed to be sold on its own like regular retail software. It wouldn't work properly, Adobe support tried to help but said the problem stemmed from the fact that it was an illegal copy. Long story short--My brand new computer was scrambled, I had to wipe its memory clean and start over, and Amazon issued me a refund. My strong recommendation is that you buy Power Director from Cyberlink. It costs less than this Adobe program, is fast, easy to use.
David, Premiere Elements comes with a Help application that launches when you select the menu Help&gt;Elements Organizer Help, or Help&gt;Premiere Elements Help. This way, we can refresh the content frequently and address common questions. Alternatively you will see a link to the URL in the top right corner of the Help application, which you can bookmark. A 3rd option is that you click on the View Help pdf file, also in the top right corner of the Help application window, if you wish to save it to your harddisk or print it. Please note however, that the pdf file won't be updated during the course of the product release, whereas the online Help resources will. If you are still stuck and need further assistance, please contact Technical Support at 1-800-833-6687, Monday-Friday, 5am-7pm PST. Regards, Adobe Tech Support
Yes, it will
It's not really a converter but you can output to mpeg, avi, adobe flash video, windows media, quick time, and also to the ipod etc... And yes you definitely can burn your HD mts files to standard DVD. But if you want to do a lot of HD editing you will need a powerful computer, above the minimum requirements set by adobe.
I'm sure the horrible experience I had with buying Adobe Premiere Elements through Amazon isn't typical, but it was a nightmare, and I would never risk trying to buy it again. Through some unfortunate snafu, I was sold an OEM version of the program which isn't supposed to be sold on its own like regular retail software. It wouldn't work properly, Adobe support tried to help but said the problem stemmed from the fact that it was an illegal copy. Long story short--My brand new computer was scrambled, I had to wipe its memory clean and start over, and Amazon issued me a refund. My strong recommendation is that you buy Power Director from Cyberlink. It costs less than this Adobe program, is fast, easy to use.
David, Premiere Elements comes with a Help application that launches when you select the menu Help&gt;Elements Organizer Help, or Help&gt;Premiere Elements Help. This way, we can refresh the content frequently and address common questions. Alternatively you will see a link to the URL in the top right corner of the Help application, which you can bookmark. A 3rd option is that you click on the View Help pdf file, also in the top right corner of the Help application window, if you wish to save it to your harddisk or print it. Please note however, that the pdf file won't be updated during the course of the product release, whereas the online Help resources will. If you are still stuck and need further assistance, please contact Technical Support at 1-800-833-6687, Monday-Friday, 5am-7pm PST. Regards, Adobe Tech Support
Yes, it will
It's not really a converter but you can output to mpeg, avi, adobe flash video, windows media, quick time, and also to the ipod etc... And yes you definitely can burn your HD mts files to standard DVD. But if you want to do a lot of HD editing you will need a powerful computer, above the minimum requirements set by adobe.
I'm sure the horrible experience I had with buying Adobe Premiere Elements through Amazon isn't typical, but it was a nightmare, and I would never risk trying to buy it again. Through some unfortunate snafu, I was sold an OEM version of the program which isn't supposed to be sold on its own like regular retail software. It wouldn't work properly, Adobe support tried to help but said the problem stemmed from the fact that it was an illegal copy. Long story short--My brand new computer was scrambled, I had to wipe its memory clean and start over, and Amazon issued me a refund. My strong recommendation is that you buy Power Director from Cyberlink. It costs less than this Adobe program, is fast, easy to use.
Im debating between those 2 as well, I always loved canon lenses, image quality in my opinion always outranked Sony. But recently my father bought the Sony a55 and image quality is amazing, my 12 year old sister took some pictures with it, and they look like done by a pro. Any help from experienced pros please!!!!, thanks in advance, I appreciate it!!
S. Martin is correct. Because of online activation, Adobe will "know" if you have it on three computers (I own and use three computers and wish this was not so, but it is what it is). However, you can leave the software installed on more than two computers, and deactivate it on one machine and activate it on another, just as long as it's only "active" on two computers at the same time.
Elements 9 should be able to do anything you want in terms of scanning and improving photos, unless there is a glitch in reading or accepting the scanner's driver.... which may happen if the driver for the scanner is old. When it is all working correctly, the scanner's name will show up in the import option of the left-most pull down in Elements. When you choose it and the scanner is on, you should get an interface to do the scan and the file turns up directly in the Elements editor when it is done. If there IS a compatibility issue, scans can be made with a number of accessories and freewares.... including my favorite.... Irfanview. Those files can be saved in a JPEG or TIFF format and then easily opened up for editing in Elements.
You can find many Photoshop Elements tutorials on YouTube. Start here http://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=photoshop+elements+9+tutorial&aq=4
I have the same problem.
Elements includes Adobe Camera Raw, the same raw editor as Photoshop CS5. As new cameras are supported, you can keep upgrading the camera raw plug-in at Adobe.com
Update! Rebate form was in the box. You may have missed it, it was in with all the other advertisements. When I called Amazon I had to click on the product then the more info button, then a price comes up showing the rebate price of $20.00 with a form button next to it, I clicked that and it gave me the form to print HOWEVER you can not send this form in it has to be the original from the box. That's when I went back through everything that was in the box and found the form.
If you are going to buy Photoshop Elements and have Windows 8** already on your computer, I would recommend you get the latest version of Photoshop. I believe elements 9 would work under the compatibility mode setting; but, you would not have the best or the most current version of Photoshop . There are a number of updates that make the program work much better. Best to get the latest that is written to work with the latest windows OS.
I quit using Elements 9 because it was so complicated. I had elements 6 and thought 9 might be better. I use Microsoft Digital Imaging Anniversary Edition 2006 and Picasa which is free and it does everything I want to do and them some. I save everything in jpeg. When saving in Digital imaging I have a choice in which format I want to save a picture in. If your picture is in Elements 9 go to file and save as and you will have a choice of the format.
I'm not real sure but when I upgraded to a 64 bit computer I had to buy a new Photoshop because my original was a 32. Check out the other answers and also where you bought your program
Im debating between those 2 as well, I always loved canon lenses, image quality in my opinion always outranked Sony. But recently my father bought the Sony a55 and image quality is amazing, my 12 year old sister took some pictures with it, and they look like done by a pro. Any help from experienced pros please!!!!, thanks in advance, I appreciate it!!
S. Martin is correct. Because of online activation, Adobe will "know" if you have it on three computers (I own and use three computers and wish this was not so, but it is what it is). However, you can leave the software installed on more than two computers, and deactivate it on one machine and activate it on another, just as long as it's only "active" on two computers at the same time.
Elements 9 should be able to do anything you want in terms of scanning and improving photos, unless there is a glitch in reading or accepting the scanner's driver.... which may happen if the driver for the scanner is old. When it is all working correctly, the scanner's name will show up in the import option of the left-most pull down in Elements. When you choose it and the scanner is on, you should get an interface to do the scan and the file turns up directly in the Elements editor when it is done. If there IS a compatibility issue, scans can be made with a number of accessories and freewares.... including my favorite.... Irfanview. Those files can be saved in a JPEG or TIFF format and then easily opened up for editing in Elements.
You can find many Photoshop Elements tutorials on YouTube. Start here http://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=photoshop+elements+9+tutorial&aq=4
I have the same problem.
Elements includes Adobe Camera Raw, the same raw editor as Photoshop CS5. As new cameras are supported, you can keep upgrading the camera raw plug-in at Adobe.com
Update! Rebate form was in the box. You may have missed it, it was in with all the other advertisements. When I called Amazon I had to click on the product then the more info button, then a price comes up showing the rebate price of $20.00 with a form button next to it, I clicked that and it gave me the form to print HOWEVER you can not send this form in it has to be the original from the box. That's when I went back through everything that was in the box and found the form.
If you are going to buy Photoshop Elements and have Windows 8** already on your computer, I would recommend you get the latest version of Photoshop. I believe elements 9 would work under the compatibility mode setting; but, you would not have the best or the most current version of Photoshop . There are a number of updates that make the program work much better. Best to get the latest that is written to work with the latest windows OS.
I quit using Elements 9 because it was so complicated. I had elements 6 and thought 9 might be better. I use Microsoft Digital Imaging Anniversary Edition 2006 and Picasa which is free and it does everything I want to do and them some. I save everything in jpeg. When saving in Digital imaging I have a choice in which format I want to save a picture in. If your picture is in Elements 9 go to file and save as and you will have a choice of the format.
I'm not real sure but when I upgraded to a 64 bit computer I had to buy a new Photoshop because my original was a 32. Check out the other answers and also where you bought your program
@E. Ocasio -- Sorry, but your honest, reliable friend is dead wrong. It took me about thirty seconds to find the End User License Agreement on Corel's website. The EULA specifically states that the education edition can be used "only for educational purposes and for no other purpose. Academic versions of the Software may not be used for commercial, professional, or other for-profit purposes." In the next paragraph, the EULA again states in plain English, "If this Software is clearly labeled a Student and Teacher, Home and Student or Home Edition ... you may not ... use this Software for any commercial purpose or in any commercial enterprise or business." As for eligibility requirements, the EULA clearly states, "You are not entitled to use the Software unless you qualify in your jurisdiction as an academic end user (e.g., student or personal learning versions of the Software may only be used by faculty, staff members and degree-, diploma- or certificate-seeking students at qualified educational institutions)." Since the education edition is used as a learning tool, I would assume that all of the tools and features are the same in this and the "regular" version, however, the EULA states "Work product and other data created with academic or education edition versions of the Software may contain certain notices and limitations that make the data unusable outside the educational use area." I am not a student so I would not risk my hard-earned cash on a product that I may or may not be able to register, activate and use. Also, I would not want to spend hours working on a project just to find out my completed artwork is tainted with "certain notices and limitations that make the data unusable." Moreover, using the education edition to make any type of profit, according to the terms of the EULA, is flat-out illegal. Simple as that. Think about it -- why would Corel price their product at $379 when anyone, student or not, could instead purchase a heavily-discounted educational edition for only $99? It doesn't make sense. To give you another example, Adobe sells Photoshop Extended CS5.5 for $999, while their educational equivalent is currently priced at $199 -- a difference of $800! Using your logic, any professional photographer (as I am), graphic artist, web designer, publishing firm, or architect could purchase the product at just 20% of its retail price and use the software in their business to turn a profit. It's ridiculous to think that Corel or Adobe would be okay with that! The terms of these companies' EULAs are very simple to understand. It doesn't take a rocket scientist, brain surgeon, or even a "certified pc technician" to get it.
No, you have to have the cd to be able to use this edition, the code will not work for the download.
The educational version is exactly the same as the standard version and should work quite well with your type of application.
We homeschool too, Cory. No, you do not need proof. Good luck with it; we are loving the education edition here!
This is not a problem on the pc. However, I don't know about the mac.
I had the same problem.
It's just like painting but better. I don't use it as much as I would like to but I have a friend who is doing remarkable work with fine art photographs. He uses a photo as a base and works with painter to create some wonderful art. The program is robust and will require a steep learning curve. Best to take some on-line tutorials. Good luck.
I don't know what "coloring FX" means, but, of course, one can bucket fill using diverse gradient pattern presets, and create any kind of gradient pattern for use when filling. One can also paint with a clone brush of any kind (oil, water colour, etc.) that clones from a standard gradient picture so that each brush stroke creates a gradient in itself. Painter 12 is suitable for artistic use, that is, "hand painting". Technical picture manipulation can be done even more effectively with other programs, such as PaintShop Pro X6. Note that Painter 12 works best with double cores and a good amount of RAM. But most people have such computers today. /Mats
I wish I could help but I gave it to my Granddaughter for Christmas.
You can phone them with the problem. I always find them to be very helpful. http://www.corel.com/corel/pages/index.jsp?pgid=800034
I'd really like to know this too. Anyone have an answer?
The EULA says you cannot use the Educational edition for commercial purposes, ie sell the art you make. So if you like doing this for hobby and projects for personal reasons, the Educational one is the way to go. If you're selling artwork like commissions and stuff, or a professional - get the retail version. There is really no difference in performance or limitations between the retail and educational edition. Educational edition has a splash page during launch telling you this is the Academic/Educational edition.
Hi Mike, wish I could help answer, but, I only use this in still photography. You might try using Corel Tech support through this link to help answer your question: http://corel.force.com/support/cSelectProduct?lang=en_US I hope this might help you out a bit. ..-Al
I can't answer that as I haven't ever owned the student version. I actually bought this version for my sister.
i have no idea why!!! i have a boxed addition,i picted that way so that i can sell it whenever i dont need it.
To create a mask in Painter start with a selection. In the layers palette, click the Create Layer Mask icon. If you don't see the layers palette, activate it through the window menu or press CTRL 4. For more info on masking, go to this URL in your browser for online help: http://product.corel.com/help/Painter/540235477/707000/EN/Doc/wwhelp/wwhimpl/js/html/wwhelp.htm or shortened with bitly: http://bit.ly/kRzNnE hth ... irisonthego
I have no idea. I suggest looking at the Corel site.
Been thinking about this myself...at time of this post Corel had raised it's price to $350 while Amazon had dropped theirs to $200, normally this would be a no-brainer except that a lot of the comments referenced serial numbers not working and dealing with Corel customer support for a product not purchased from them directly. Still $150 is $150
No. The brushes use different programming and are not cross compatible.
Worse than expected!
I have a Windows 8.1 64 desktop and it works perfectly. Have had no problems since updating to 8.1
Yes the mode has n effect
Yes it seems to. Also separates columns, I have found no faults
Ill be honest I have Cannon Pixima and the software basically trashed my printer /scanner drives. I shelved it and never looked at it again.
It's been awhile, but I was able to select how the document would be saved. I chose a TXT file, and could edit it and save in in a DOCX format for MSWord. I never used the pdf setting.
Yes, it does convert into the all the file extensions you've mentioned quite well.
I can't recall. I don't think I have it anymore. Sorry.
No.It is not as good as my old program.
yes
Yes. It's a DVD for the computer, as well as CD.
Yes it does.
I have this set I bought about 2 years ago. I have two computers they work fine on both one is for my rv. but I have had to reload them because of computer problems. now my code numbers won't work please help me.
It has been quite a few years since I got this program, but I believe that at that time two program cds were included and approximately 9 or 10 audio cds that had the same lessons as the computer program, but for listening on a cd player, and a little lesson book that followed the program as well. I have the program installed on two computers and have gone thru the lessons multiple times. I used to listen to the audio cds in the car as well, but have not done that in a few years. For me, I much prefer the software cds that I can load into a computer to play as often when and where I want and for as long. On-line subscription learning is not for me as it expires and also requires an internet connection. I got verb modules II and III as well from this company, but I do not believe they were as well done as Level I. This is because I felt they skewed the lessons to be more for young students where games and "video learning machines" needed to be part of the lesson approach. However, the tutorial parts of all lessons were still well done and explains things in a logical way for me.
Sorry, I don't have Windows 8 but Visual Link has a website you can google. Maybe you can find the answer or ask there.
Backup your vital files, and do a clean install. Aka... boot from the server disc, format the drive, and use it as a server os, not a workstation. Installing over something is not really a viable path, in my humble opinion. http://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/library/install-configure-2.aspx
It works perfect. I shuttle files back and forth between my Macbook Pro and WHS 2011 all the time.
There are about three basic functions of this software: 1) automatically backup all PC's/Mac's on the LAN, 2) be used as a master storage repository for files, and 3) play stored multi-media. It has Internet Explorer installed, but it's really bad practice to expose the server to the internet by using surfing from the server; better to use another computer. It has Windows Media Center installed, but the crippled version will not permit you to remotely log onto the server and play music from speakers attached to the server; you must be logged in at the server locally to do this. Finally, you cannot use the server like a corporate server hosting business applications that you simply use from the server; software licensing issues prevent this capability. See my review on this product for more info on its pros and cons.
Yes
2012 MS ServerEssentials. 2011 WHS is based on windows server 2008, which will be sun-setting pretty soon. The only drawback to using 2012 is that the connection to "client" computers is through use of a "domain" to tie all the client computers into a single network. The old method was to have the server connect directly with each client machine - you didn't have to be part of a domain in order to use the server. 2011 WHS uses the "old" method.
I can't say that I know the answer to this for certain - but generally speaking Windows will run 32 bit programs if it is a 64 bit OS. I don't see why WHS would be any different than Win7. I just did quick check on mine and I have two programs that I know are 32 bit running on my WHS so there should be no problem. Best way to check is install - if they work, great, if not - just uninstall. That's assuming you already have the programs you want to install of course, if not then cross your fingers; seriously though I think you won't have a problem as long as it is a windows program it should run. The only problems I have ever had with 32 bit programs is if they were ancient, then it can become problematic. Good luck.
It is a bad concept for anything but amusement use of computers. There shoud be an upgrade based on productivity of other software.
Can you clarify "connect to the server"? If you mean, "...connect to a resource or share..." then yes. "Good speed" would be a function of your ethernet or wireless networking connecting to that server but yes, you could have 10 simultaneous connections. NOTE: you can do the same thing in Windows 7 and 8 as they will allow up to 20 simultaneous connections to the shared resource on Pro and Ultimate. If you mean connect to Remote Desktop, then no. It does not have any Terminal Server CALS. Remote Desktop is for administration only. Hope this helps.
Excellent question. My experience with Windows Servers in the past is that upgrading from an installed server should work, but I would image the server (back it up so you can do a full restore if necessary) and then try the upgrade. The other problem I have had with in-place upgrades is that they sometimes leave messes behind that can be difficult to sort out. When it comes to servers I have generally always done a clean install - a little more time consuming but much cleaner. Just make sure you have a good backup of everything before you start. If you have a program that can create an image of the server - even better. Good luck and let me know how it comes out.
Yes....Windows Home Server 2011 does support printer sharing. All MS Windows OS support printer sharing.
The entire program revolves around engaging math games that keep a child's interest as they purchase a pet and help to train it as they answer and learn math.
I know it works with windows 7., not sure about windows 8.1.
I think I clicked on the start menu, then "all programs" and then on encore. This should display a file and an icon for the game. You an launch the game from the icon or drag it to the desktop to create a shortcut. I hope that's right.
No. I really like this program, and it has helped my daughter immensely. She likes doing it and that is, from what I've learned, about 60% of the battle. But it can't be a complete curriculum. My opinion is that it is the best reinforcement for what you teach at home. I'd go with AlphaOmega and when the days coursework is done, turn them loose on this as a "treat" for as long as they want. With my daughter I don't allow any TV until she "goes up a level" in something. The pleasant surprise is that she forgets that she only had to level-up one and keeps going for a long time.
Hi, this was a gift for my grand kid who is on the 3rd grade, her mom says that this is a great program and challenging for her daughter. Therefore I could not give you more info. My grand kid is advance in learning, so based on my daughter's response I think is a good buy. This is just my opinion. I hope this helps.
No they are slightly different, look at the pictures in both and you will see. The one is the production suite, the other is not. Similar overall product, not the same extras.
When I installed mine it didn't ask for a patch so I'm going to say no. ^.^
definitively... hell you can a movie on this software.
Yes
Yes
Yes
Never got that far I had a new laptop and it froze when I tried to use it.. when I tried to use it for making movies for my video class and it wouldnt work..
I couldn't really tell u I wasn't able to use it but it seemed stable.. but I had to stop using it because it caused my computer to freeze...
Not sure what build version it is since I can't find the original specs and disc it came with. I also had to change my PC 2 months ago so I haven't re-installed on the hard drive. Sorry.
This software use Apple Quicktime, and Windows Media Player 9, to play the movie clips you have made and preview your compilation. I don't know much about Apple software, but Media player versions 7 and above all play BlueRay discs, so you should be able to preview BluDisc clips and rendered files. I don't know if you can use Veags studio as a media player program, as it will only play the video in the preview panel. Probably will not give you access to the menu and settings part of your disc. Of course you must have a BluRay DVD drive on your computer.
There should be several little fold-over booklets inside the box. One of them has the product keys.
Yes. You can also do green screen etc.. in Vegas movie studio platinum.
It includes DVD Architect Studio 5.0
Yes
You can't directly download from YouTube but if you use another tool to download the videos you can. Bear in mind Windows Movie maker on Windows 7 and above supports this and is free. Also bear in mind that it is against YouTube's terms of service to download any video.
If the file will open.
Yes
The side of the box reads .. "Windows XP (Service Pack 3), Windows Vista (Service Pack 2) or Windows 7.
You should use VLC or Windows Media Player for that.
Came with mostly worthless loops. They didn't install automatically. Had to search for them and drag them off the installation cd. Also the same deal with 1001 sound effects. Good software, good deal overall.
yes, I imported .mp4 for editing. thanks
Yes, in the pan/crop tool, but unfortunately, most of the time when you zoom that much, the picture will become fuzzy just like zooming in any other program or device.
Yes, it works fine on both Windows 8 and Windows 8.1.
Yes you can !
Yes and yes.
I'm glad I made the move to Sony Vegas. Not that I didn't enjoy Movie Maker, but Vegas gives me so much more control. Also, I can see things on TV or in a movie and think about it a minute, then realize I can make the same effect happen with Vegas. It just takes some practice. Also, you'll want to acquire Bill Myers' 101 Tips and Tricks DVD. It will give you a great idea of just how much you can accomplish on Vegas and how easy it is, once you learn the tricks.
No
Vegas will allow you to insert chapter markers wherever you want them in the timeline. You can also custom-name them. After you edit your video project with chapter markers and all, you select a rendering template (you can also customize a template if you wish). Ideally, you should select a template (customized or not) which is compatible with Sony's DVD Architect software (also included on disc in the box). Make sure to check the box in the template which allows you to keep the chapter markers in the rendered video. Once rendered, you put the video and audio files into a folder for DVD Architect (video and audio files should be rendered separately, but in the same folder). The folder should also contain a .sfl file so your chapter markers will also carry over into DVD Architect. You then import the rendered video into DVD Architect and select to create a chapter menu. Just import the video; the audio and .sfl files will follow automatically. That is when you can create a menu system based on where you inserted chapter markers in Vegas. To speed things along, you can simply select "make movie" in Vegas which will automatically send the appropriate files to DVD Architect. However, I've found that taking the more complex route of selecting a rendering template and customizing it does yield a much better picture when the final DVD is burned. Selecting "make movie," I've found tends to compromise picture quality on the completed DVD.
If you are experienced with sony software then there are option s when you start the program one of them is "show me how" it basically shows you what to do when importing image file its easy as drag and drop
This is great software program however it will not perform split screens. It has several advantages and is just below the professional grade software. This version also includes the 200 music tracks, the audio version that allows you to splice music, and the DVD menu software that allows you to include video as a background for main and sub menus. The help menus provides good support and you can save your finished project in multiple formats. I would recommend to purchase this software since other companies that have the split screen (which I do have) will not work after the recent Microsoft update. I purchased this as a backup until the issue would get resolved (going on 5 months). This Sony version is now my primary video software. Hope this helps.
Creating animations takes a bit of time and can also be quite rewarding. If this 11 year old is willing to spend some time to play around with the features of this product, read parts of the quick start guide, check out the tutorials online and get inspired by the countless animations on the product's Facebook page - facebook.com/animestudio - then I would definitely recommend that you buy it. I am aware of some awesome 15 year olds that animate using Anime Studio, and are quite good at. My opinion is also that if you can get an 11 year old, or a teenager for that matter, to stop playing single player shooter games all day long, and try something more creative then it's worth the money. I also believe that this would be a great product for a parent and child to use together and work on simultaneous projects, that way they can feed of of each other's energies and spend some quality time together. Hope this was helpful.
I do not know about the product key but I did not find Anime Studio to be helpful. It took a team of fellow computer wizards to come to the conclusion it is very limited. Maybe a good start to learning animation? But to use this to apply, not so much.
I don't know. I have Win Vista. It works well there. - But Smith Micro, the manufacturer can answer that question. (Of course, they'll try to sell you the latest version, but the info should be there.) - Usually, the Windows stuff is scalable.
Yes it does. Unfortunately Microsoft has moved their download website for Office 2010 and the one on the box is invalid with no forwarding to the new one. Go to the Microsoft website and search on "Office 2010 Backup". It will direct you to a site where you can enter your Program Key and download the program. The download takes about 45 minutes with high speed internet. It will also give you the option to purchase the DVD/CD's for about $13.
This is a permanent download. It brings only a product code that allows you download Microsoft Office 2010.
Yes, I put Office-2010 on my Windows-8, now upgraded to 8.1 PC with no problems.
It is my understanding that the Office program is written in the USA by Microsoft. If you are only ordering the "Product Keycard" you don't get a CD/DVD, so made in USA is moot. If you only purchased the "Product Keycard" you have the option to order one DVD from Microsoft for about $12, unfortunately the ones I received are off site, so don's know were the DVD's were made. My Windows-7 OEM & Windows-8 OEM say made in USA. My old Office Home and Student 2010 (Family Pack for 3 PCs) say made in Puerto Rico.
one...
yes
Yes, but will be non refundable
The key is printed on a card and included in the package. There is simply no media/disc included with the software.
Yes, but it is rather hard to find the Office 2010 installation files now that Microsoft is pushing Office 2013. Go to the Microsoft web site, and search on "Office 2010 Backup". It will offer you a download (takes about 45 minutes) or the purchase of the DVD/CD for about $13. If a friend already has the DVD/CD use it and your "Product Key" to save the download time.
A key card is a card that is located inside the packaging. The number is hidden by a scratch off material. Use a penny or something to scratch the material off to reveal the code. Go to Microsoft Office website, enter in the number with your account information and you can download the software.
It has a blank page and I am able to add photos etc. Had difficulty putting in a border but it may be I need more practice. I have only used it twice so I'm not much of an expert. Sorry I cannot help more
Yes it is compatible with Windows 8 32bt & 64bt as long as you have .NET installed.
Nothing works with Vista and I had to almost go buy all new software. I finally got rid of my Vista. I think it does but not easily. My advice is get rid of Vista! And don't buy Windows 8 either, that's crap. Find a refurbished Windows 7, great operating system!
this is a great program i'm using it on XP so don't know about 8 I guess I'll find out soon
I had no problem with this at all.
I have PrintMaster version 18.1 and it works Ok with Windows 7 . I chose this older version because it is simplier and easier to work with.
yes
I'm running it successfully on Win 8 / 64bit / 6GB ram
Yes. PDF's, DWG's many others.
I'm using it with Windows 7 with no issues.
It worked on 7 and 8 and now 8.1
It is a CD and is a great program for the money.
No, so I purchased the add on 3 million symbol pack and was very disappointed. The absolute best is Visio 5 technical. See if you can find an old copy. It will only run on XP or earlier OS's. Do not use the new Visio as it sucks ever since Microsoft bought them out. Visio is a joy to use. I use it to do electrical layouts for marine applications.
you can , but is only available in pro and platinum versions. I am using Deluxe.
I used it to draw a deck for the back yard, and used the dimension application to calculated lengths and widths, etc. and the deck ended up pretty great. Since I was a CAD CAM Programmer at work, and using different software, the TurboCAD software I had at home fitted in smoothly to what I wanted to do with the deck. Mastering TurboCAD isn't going to hold back anything you're planning to fabricate, and plan material usage. It's surely worth the effort for Your own projects You want to engage in..
Chris; I am operating v19. The requirement is 350MB not GB. I hope this helps.
Yes there is a mirror command within TurboCAD.
it does but did not do it completly it is not a great product I have used the V6 before and it was much better I think this is a waste of my money and time
Wilbur...I am not familiar with the fact that a calendar & contact list are "required". I didn't have this issue as well as having to enter e-mail address and password to access the software. If you think you are having issues with the software try uninstalling and then install again. Otherwise, you may have bad software and will need to contact Amazon or Individual Software. I have found 'AnyTime' to be glitchy and fraught with problems, so no surprises when I read others having issues. Poor quality product. Good luck!
I, truly, DOUBT that this product will meet your needs. Fact is, since you need an active, internet connection, just to USE this product, I suggest that, if you want something you can use, on a variety of computers, try Day Minder Calendar. I have used the free, LITE, version, myself. This way, instead of paying, several times, for the same program, just to the "Free Calendar Downloads" site, such as Cnet.com, find Day Minder, and download a free copy, to each computer that you want to use it on.
The license authorized use on one computer at a time. You can install it on two computers, but are licensed to use it on ONE COMPUTER AT A TIME. That is not a serious restriction, since I only use one at a time. I'm not a good enough multi-tasker to use several computers simultaneously. :-)
Please note that this software is USELESS, without an active, internet, connection.
Pablo...You have to read the information provided, specifically where "System Requirements" are stated (this information is standard information provided with software). This software cannot be used with an Apple OS. Hope this helps.
It will work with windows 8.1, but I do not use it because I found that I can use the google calendar in internet explorer for my work calendar and then use the calendar app in Google Chrome to synchronize my laptop calendar with the google calendar at work, and any changes I make on the stand alone calendar are synchronized when I attach to the work network. The synchronized period covers about 90 days and that is more than enough for when I am away from the office.
Any Time does, but AnySync(part of package) does not. Contacted tech about problem and as of this date I have not received update fixing problem. Here is message I received from tech support, "Unfortunately, while AnyTime is compatible with Windows 8, AnySync is not. We are currently working on a new version of AnySync that should be functional with Windows 8. I can send that version to you when it is released."
Yes, I am using it on W7, 64 bit.
I was unable to import from Daytimer- I'm not a novice software user, so this was very disappointing. Retyping hundreds of contacts is a real inconvienence.
it does but did not do it completly it is not a great product I have used the V6 before and it was much better I think this is a waste of my money and time
Wilbur...I am not familiar with the fact that a calendar & contact list are "required". I didn't have this issue as well as having to enter e-mail address and password to access the software. If you think you are having issues with the software try uninstalling and then install again. Otherwise, you may have bad software and will need to contact Amazon or Individual Software. I have found 'AnyTime' to be glitchy and fraught with problems, so no surprises when I read others having issues. Poor quality product. Good luck!
I, truly, DOUBT that this product will meet your needs. Fact is, since you need an active, internet connection, just to USE this product, I suggest that, if you want something you can use, on a variety of computers, try Day Minder Calendar. I have used the free, LITE, version, myself. This way, instead of paying, several times, for the same program, just to the "Free Calendar Downloads" site, such as Cnet.com, find Day Minder, and download a free copy, to each computer that you want to use it on.
The license authorized use on one computer at a time. You can install it on two computers, but are licensed to use it on ONE COMPUTER AT A TIME. That is not a serious restriction, since I only use one at a time. I'm not a good enough multi-tasker to use several computers simultaneously. :-)
Please note that this software is USELESS, without an active, internet, connection.
Pablo...You have to read the information provided, specifically where "System Requirements" are stated (this information is standard information provided with software). This software cannot be used with an Apple OS. Hope this helps.
It will work with windows 8.1, but I do not use it because I found that I can use the google calendar in internet explorer for my work calendar and then use the calendar app in Google Chrome to synchronize my laptop calendar with the google calendar at work, and any changes I make on the stand alone calendar are synchronized when I attach to the work network. The synchronized period covers about 90 days and that is more than enough for when I am away from the office.
Any Time does, but AnySync(part of package) does not. Contacted tech about problem and as of this date I have not received update fixing problem. Here is message I received from tech support, "Unfortunately, while AnyTime is compatible with Windows 8, AnySync is not. We are currently working on a new version of AnySync that should be functional with Windows 8. I can send that version to you when it is released."
Yes, I am using it on W7, 64 bit.
I was unable to import from Daytimer- I'm not a novice software user, so this was very disappointing. Retyping hundreds of contacts is a real inconvienence.
Yes, sure. Micro SD fits into the nuvi 50LM
I don't see why not but if you want to be 100% sure go to Garmin's website and see if this map works with your specific device by pretending to buy it. I had a 600 series and the SD card worked great in France
If ordered from Garmin, it should be the latest version. To find out the latest date, call Garmin customer service
I have a Nuvi 265W and it worked great.
This is all of Europe. The other is just Belgium, Netherlands, Luxembourg and France.
It depends on the version. The version I have is the micro SD card version. It cannot be put on a computer but the chip can be moved from one device to another. Other versions may be used with the MapSource program for transferring maps to a device, but are tied to a specific device.
I was able to do this for all of my hotels and points of interest for my trip to France a year ago and it worked fine. I have City Navigator on an SD card that inserts in my Garmin.
Try to check out is it really SD card or micro SD inserted in SD adapter. If yes, remove it from adapter.
It will probably work with all garmin.. I have a garmin dakota
I have used it only in France and now I'm in the US, but when I scrawl into Ireland and zoom on Dublin, I can see a map with all street names and places of interest. If I do the same for Tel Aviv for example I get no street map. So I would say with confidence that this card covers Ireland fully.
I have used it on Vista and Windows 7.
"Which of these do I want?" The post only shows a pic of Office 97 Professional, so I don't know which choices you are comparing? I'm no computer expert, either, but I would suggest it just depends on how you intend to use the programs. If you want it just for your own use then I would absolutely recommend Office 97. It's inexpensive and effecient. As stated below, you should be able to research the differences between the products you want to compare online. So again, depending on how you will use it, just be aware that Microsoft Office 2010 programs are pretty much incompatible with older versions. Which means if you will be receiving files from other sources that use 2010, you will be unable to open their files. There is a workaround for this, though. Just ask the sender to save the file as a .doc (Word) or .xls (Excel) before they send it to you.
no
This was a new installation for us. It was for an older machine running WIN7 to stay compatible with Access database in Office 97. I think it would probably run in WIN 8 but have not tried it.
Yes it will. I am running it on Windows 7
it works with WIN7, not sure about download, even if you cAn download twice you will need two license
Full version.
New installation
update
Sorry, I don't know.
I tried it did not like it so I removed it it has too many parts to it and nothing really worked it didn't give me what I wanted but everything I didn't want it added program after program but not what I wanted too much stuff on the disk ...it change my computer I don't like it .....and I will not recommend it to any one
I bought the same software, and I feel that it was a complete rip-off. I was unable to use it so I threw it in the waste can.
I could not get it to work at all. on window 8 and i cannot get rero 12 to work at all to. so do not buy..
The OEM version that is a product that can be purchased with hardware. Because there is not the same as retail version feature does not cause a problem, but the activation seems to be only one PC of course.
Print Artist Platinum 25 by Nova Development US Platform: Windows 8 / 7 / Vista / XP
Yes Print Artist is compatible with windows 8.1
To be honest, I do not use PA 24 because I could not get it to work with Windows 7. I can tell you that the earlier versions of PA did do banners nicely; and, I would imagine they continued that aspect of the program. I have used Print Artist from the very beginning and was disappointed in how it works (or doesn't with Windows 7). The older versions are really great, and are a good way to learn these types of programs if you aren't familiar with them. I use PA 2003 with Windows 7 and it works great...was just hoping to use Platinum 24 because it should be outstanding given my past history with this software. Good luck, and should you decide to purchase it, let me know what version of Windows you are using...maybe I will try again and hope for "bug-fixes!"
Yes, you can import a photo/image/picture from a file, but only via an ordinary Windows file chooser--the program does not provide a more powerful way to search for image files.
They do have some showing Wine Bottle information, but really, you can use just about any of these labels and make them specific for your needs. I have used Print Artist software for many, many years and it is an easy, fun way to do a variety of projects. So, long answer, yes (in a way). Sorry can't be more specific.
Runs on window 8, I do not know the answer to your other question, still learning
Hi I have PrintArtist Platinum 24 installed on my win 7 laptop. To do the next panel I just clicked on the panel I wanted at the bottom of the work area. There are 6 panels, blue and turn red when clicked on. Be sure to check the print preview by clicking on the preview/advanced button in the print window to make sure your panels are lined up right.
sorry, I never used it....
When I ran it on my new windows 8 it kept failing and having to be re-installed. I'm not sure if that was my particular version or if it was a complete compatibility failure.
two. One installation & one bonus graphics
No it does not have the forget-me-not reminders.
This does come with a manual, but it is very complicated and difficult to understand. I found Corel Paintshop to be a little easier to follow.
NO
Yes, there are many pre-designed templates for business or personal cards, or you can design your own. Works great.
Your question is unclear. Please rephrase.
For labels of all sorts, buy the type of Avery blanks that you want to make and use the corresponding Avery number. Print Artist is not really designed for label making.
I actually have TWO copies of the 24 version program and have never been able to get them to install......bummer. I have two older versions and was looking forward to this "upgrade". I understand it is fabulous.....but, as I said, can't get it loaded. Sorry I couldn't help you too much!!
working fine with my window 8
I have had no problem with it at all running on Windows 7.
Yes
The current release supports clients on some versions of the Mac operating system including OS 10.9
My understanding it must all be on the same network.
Hi. The manage console of Symantec let add license; you can add serial of products and add license you dont need replace product but the license that you add must be the same version of you product install
You can use it on a Vista workstation but it needs to be on a Network with windows server.
Symantec Endpoint Protection 11.0 Release Update 5 (RU5) or higher is supported on Windows 7 and Windows Server 2008 R2. All previous versions of Symantec Endpoint Protection will not run on Windows 7 or Windows Server 2008 R2.
yes, five different computers for 1 year and after that you can update with ccard
Yes it does
One year
It is 12.1.
Yes
According to Symantec it does. I don't have 2012 version, I have 2008 R2 and it works great. You just have to ensure you don't install the full version (i.e. Antivirus, Proactive Threat Protection and Network Threat Protection), it has an option for server version, which only includes the Antivirus portion, if you install the full version, connectivity will be lacking, if at all.
It should be in the box on a gold piece of paper. On this paper it has Symantec on top. IMPORTANT is written in bold . It is the serial number certificate, registration information. It list the product, edition, users and number of months subscription. It contains serial number and part number. I've purchased numerous of this software in several versions, all included this sheet.
No, it is old version, not support Window 8, yes, it is different from cloud solution?
yes you can includes up to 10 computers
One year
It is 12.1.
Yes
According to Symantec it does. I don't have 2012 version, I have 2008 R2 and it works great. You just have to ensure you don't install the full version (i.e. Antivirus, Proactive Threat Protection and Network Threat Protection), it has an option for server version, which only includes the Antivirus portion, if you install the full version, connectivity will be lacking, if at all.
It should be in the box on a gold piece of paper. On this paper it has Symantec on top. IMPORTANT is written in bold . It is the serial number certificate, registration information. It list the product, edition, users and number of months subscription. It contains serial number and part number. I've purchased numerous of this software in several versions, all included this sheet.
No, it is old version, not support Window 8, yes, it is different from cloud solution?
yes you can includes up to 10 computers
Yes, all my PCs are 32 bit (Windows XP)
yes it will, all you need to do is update the progam at the microtrend site, it finds your current key code and applies it. Great progam.
All I know is I loaded it on my ASUS Transformer with the activated serial number. A call to Trend Micro Tech support mught be the best way to know.
You can download the Mac install file from Trend's website...use your license key to activate. http://downloadcenter.trendmicro.com/index.php?regs=NABU
I have windows 8 and it works perfectly for me. I have several IGT slots and they all work fine.
this game is all for fun, no money involved
Hi, This is a really great game. In my opinion I would say if you play this game for a lengthy time on a laptop it could overheat. There are many fun slot machine games on the CD including Lucky Larry Lobstermania. Maybe you could get one of those laptop coolers with the fans so that your laptop does not overheat....just a suggestion.
I'm sorry but I don't know what the music is. But it is pleasant. Hope you find out.
We are running on windows 7. Not sure about 8
Yes you can. I have windows 8 and I played this today.
No, you have to press spin every time. Bummer I know! But I LOVE the games!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Sheri, I don't think I had a production registration key. It could have been because I had several products from IGT at the same time. IGT should give you a number if you contact them and have your receipt. I am sorry that I couldn't help you.
the one I bought was a cd and as far as I know you cant run a cd on kindle but you may try to contact the maker hope this helps
My guess is it will. It works fine with my Windows 8. Beware--the games are addicting!
I don't know. However, I took it off of every server. It takes way too many resources. it slowed the server to a crawl. In some cases it locked the server.
Yes, we bought it two months ago after doing a chat with Symantec from their site and asking them if there is a newer version. It is the current version and was a much better price from Amazon than direct from Symantec. I'm not loving this product due to some poor tech support issues, but it mostly works and is current.
Yes, I believe it registers the day installed for 1yr
The product consists of 2 parts, one is the manager and one is the client. This product provides 25 client licenses. Therefore to answer you question, legally no you cannot install the manager at two locations and run 25 clients at each. You can however run one server as a manager and have the other servers as a client along with 24 other clients.
My order included 25 copies to be installed on normal client computers and/or the server. It did not include an exchange software. We have our exchange server or mail server in the cloud. We needed no copy for the exchange server. You may want to review the cost of each method. Good luck.
Checkout Symantec's datasheet. http://buy.symantec.com/estore/clp/small-business-security-antivirus/?inid=en_us_smb_symc_SEP_product_compare_mar13 If you're looking for compatibilty with XP, I would be hesitant and make sure you've considered the long term implications of keeping XP. I would suggest making Internet access unavailable to XP pc's and develop a plan for retirement or upgrade. The datasheet will tell you it's compliant with XP, Win7, Win8.81, mac, and server O/S' s.
1 year
Helen, no I don't and I do not think you will need it if you have a small network or a properly qualified IT staff.
I used it as an upgrade / renewal, but it could be used for a new installation as well.
I don't know. However, I took it off of every server. It takes way too many resources. it slowed the server to a crawl. In some cases it locked the server.
Yes, we bought it two months ago after doing a chat with Symantec from their site and asking them if there is a newer version. It is the current version and was a much better price from Amazon than direct from Symantec. I'm not loving this product due to some poor tech support issues, but it mostly works and is current.
Yes, I believe it registers the day installed for 1yr
The product consists of 2 parts, one is the manager and one is the client. This product provides 25 client licenses. Therefore to answer you question, legally no you cannot install the manager at two locations and run 25 clients at each. You can however run one server as a manager and have the other servers as a client along with 24 other clients.
My order included 25 copies to be installed on normal client computers and/or the server. It did not include an exchange software. We have our exchange server or mail server in the cloud. We needed no copy for the exchange server. You may want to review the cost of each method. Good luck.
Checkout Symantec's datasheet. http://buy.symantec.com/estore/clp/small-business-security-antivirus/?inid=en_us_smb_symc_SEP_product_compare_mar13 If you're looking for compatibilty with XP, I would be hesitant and make sure you've considered the long term implications of keeping XP. I would suggest making Internet access unavailable to XP pc's and develop a plan for retirement or upgrade. The datasheet will tell you it's compliant with XP, Win7, Win8.81, mac, and server O/S' s.
1 year
Helen, no I don't and I do not think you will need it if you have a small network or a properly qualified IT staff.
I used it as an upgrade / renewal, but it could be used for a new installation as well.
Hi, it should not take too long at all. Maybe 5 to 10 minutes, depending on your computer and the speed of your server. Jerry
Yes !
3
It is more like windows explorer with better preview option. In terms of scanning, it is same as any scan software, you may use your computer's default scanner. What Paperport should excel is editing scanned documents, however it is so buggy you cannot use it. It is a good product in concept that could not mature in more than a decade.
Starting from start screen works marginally. Cloud part never able to make connection on my Dell 5 years old desktop. Scanning works fine with canon mfc OCR is OK PDF doesn't attach / append to existing file
NO
No
yes I have had no problems
Yes. Paperport Pro 14 works great on both Windows 7 and Windows 8.1.
Operating System: Microsoft Windows XP 32-bit (SP3 or above), Windows Vista 32- or 64-bit (SP2 or above), Windows 7. *Browser: Microsoft Internet Explorer 6.0 or above. *RAM: 512 MB of memory (RAM), 1 GB recommended.
only ship CD and code, no original box
Only one computer at a time.
Yes
Sorry - I'm not sure. It meets the requirements of US law.
It is easy once it is in a document form, highlight and click delete. Either way though, once a change has occurred, you must redo the document, get it witnessed, notarized and filed according to your states guidelines to make it legal. It is honestly just as easy to go through the complete process again, save it, get them signed and notarized and filed.
I what way? I don't have W8, but itworks perfectlywith W7. The interface is not that much of a difference. However, if you are having problems adding an icon to the desktop, you may have to go through Windows Explorer and find the "Quicken" folder in "Program Files (86)" and send a shortcut to your desktop manually. If it installs okay, it should work fine.
It's a Windows program, so first of all you'll need Parallels or another virtualizer to run Windows. Then it will work fine on a Mini. But you'll have to pay both for Parallels AND for Windows.
There is not much difference between v. 14 and v. 12. I own both. I have been using PaperPort on-and-off since it came bundled with one of my old scanners decades ago, and started using it full time when I bought an expensive all-in-one to go "paperless" from Konica Minolta in 2006. I purchased the standard version of v.12 directly from Nuance as it came with all of the extra pieces that made it "better" than just buying the pro version. That worked fine on my XP machine. The fun began when I decided to reinstall the program on a machine with Win7 this past few weeks. The software worked fine for a couple of weeks. Then, out of the blue, I got an error shutting it down on start-up. I researched this on Nuance's website and it had a fix listed for this error. However, the changes that you had to make to correct this problem were already done on the machine. I decided to give Nuance a call as I assumed it would be a quick fix they'd be able to direct me to over the phone. After being in hold-hell for an eternity, the "tech" that answered wanted twenty bucks to answer my question... and suggested that instead I pay to upgrade to v. 14. Ummm... Hello. I wasn't looking to be up-sold to the newest version (which, in reality I already own)... but... to get my still supported version working. I told him I was unwilling to pay twenty bucks for support (since 1) I was just installing the software; 2) the fixes on the website didn't work and 3) I could almost buy the newer release [which I already own] for almost the same money)... nor get sold a newer version as this one was supposedly still supported. He said "Okay" and hung up. Despite searching their knowledge base, I could never find a solution. I put in for "eMail" tech support, assuming I'd get a resolution, but instead got an email from the same tech I spoke to looking for $$ to answer my installation issue... and suggesting I pay to upgrade to v.14. I was pissed off. I already OWN v.14 but wanted to stick with v.12 because it's what I'm already using AND is still supported. Is it THAT difficult to understand? I reset the machine back to factory settings and tried to do a new install. Again, it worked (this time) for a few days. Having had enough, I dug through my boxes and pulled out the v.14 release. I installed it two days ago. I should note that on their ''support'' website my initial call was documented as "resolved" --- which to them obviously means it was resolved that I wouldn't pay them another nickel. Version 14 STANDARD is currently running without fixes. I kept the older version of their .PDF reader as the newer one that came with v.14 didn't have all of the features of the older one. I'm waiting to see whether this one continues to work or decides to crash and burn on me. I'm sure that if it does the later, they'll be looking to friction burn my credit card to resolve the issue with their bugged-out software. If that's the case, I'll be packing it up and moving over to FileCenter or some other alternative just to not have to deal with these bozo's. In my opinion, after having worked with software vendors since the first PC XT came out in 1983, these guys are in the business of selling you the latest and greatest, not supporting what they have on the street. I've NEVER had a technical support person attempt to get me to buy a paid upgrade on a still supported piece of software. I wonder if he's on commission!
Mackbook pro is not listed on the box as an operating system
If you name the scanned object you will be able to locate that item within a file.
Can't say for certain, but I can tell you that I have had PaperPort crash on me 100% every time I used it on Windows 8.1. Usually happens when I attempt to change directories. I am far from the only one experiencing this. I am currently looking at alternatives.
Just one ..mine
I have receipts from 1998 that have the old .max filetype and Paperport 14.0 is able to open them.
I really don't know. I haven't been able to spend the time with.
Yes it is. It operates like a separate app, with its own window, toolbar, etc. Works pretty well, not great, but adequate
Tried with one of my old pagis .xif files WOULD NOT OPEN. Hoped it would.
No
Yes, it does. I have Window 8 and use it just fine.
Yes you can !
You can download it on www.sonycreative.com. I can't remember if that's the right address, but they have a website where you can buy it from.
Yes it will. There are several tracks for voice,music, sounds etc. I'm no expert but I think you could just copy and paste the audio under the next video on the timeline. Check tutorials online.
I use windows 7, I would assume it would work as windows 8.1 as it will run in a 7 mode. I would consult with a windows 8 expert !
If you can download the raw video... you probably can! If you can send me a raw video clip you have from the Polariod cube, I will try it for you! You can put a sample raw video here: https://dbinbox.com/mrrbrown I will let you know! Thanks, Randy
Yes,you can make a slid is easy to get around it
I have not done that kind of application yet ,but this is a very simple procedure --to con-join videos -yes I need to say it should be very easy to do.
I double clicked on the cd drive
YOU can however it is much more of a professional use software and has a much steeper learning curve.. I have it and do use it however I have found the AVID is a more intuitive software *)O(*
Yes, it does.
Dont buy this app. It distorts the sound across all ranges.
Yes it will. I would highly recommend this simple application to support your computer.
Same problem but no resolution -- just stopped using!
1. Make sure you're logged in. 2. On the purchase page, look to the right, where the 'add to cart'/'purchase now' buttons usually are, and click 'Go to Your Software Library' 3. Sign in if necessary. 4. In the 'All Items' box, look for the Boom logo + link. The product key should be below it.
I am sure you can, although I don't see a reason to uninstall because the app works great. I have had to turn it off at times with certain apps that didn't play well with it, but most apps work well with it and I no longer need external speakers for my iMac.
Yes and no but it also messes with osx built in software don't buy it or use it unless you really need to because it will stop all sounds
I found the online tutorials to be helpful. Just go to their website. Also if there is something you can figure out how to do, call them up. A real person answers the phone and they aren't in India or the Phillipines
You Should Be Able To Download On Your New Computer With The Same License. I Think They Have A Customer Svc #. I Didnt Keep This Software I Got A refund
I would guess yes. But just email them, they're really responsive.
It should load or transfer pix.
Yes
From BeadCreator website: Platform Requirements: BeadCreator 6 works with all Windows platforms, including 7; 512Mb RAM. For Macintosh, BeadCreator runs great. To make it work, you need a valid copy of some version of Windows and BootCamp. Or you can install VirtualBox (free) and then you don't need BootCamp and can switch back and forth from the Mac to Windows without rebooting. See more at: http://www.beadcreator.com/pages/faqs#sthash.AWjpm3ts.dpuf
Windows 98 / 2000 / XP / Vista / 7. And although the specs do not state Windows 8, it does work for that. The only way I believe you could run on a MAC would be with parallel and windows installed. You could check with Thoughtfish Media, who produce it.
I couldn't figure that out and the support wasn't helpful at the time. Perhaps they have that figured out now. Sorry I'm n ot much help
don't know
Try this forum. Someone might be able to help you there. http://www.beadcreator-family.com/?xg_source=msg_mes_network I have yet to make a pattern with my $250 program. My computer dos not like the Pro Plus version.
Hi, Aleta. Actually, the very best software to publish to Kindle is a reasonably priced package called Anthemion Jutoh. WriteWay has a how-to publish to Kindle, Nook and Kobo in their help file, but it will not directly make Kindle files. Even Scrivener doesn't do the best job at Kindle files. I would suggest using Word or another processor, then invest in Jutoh, if you want to quickly and easily publish. Hope this helps. C. B. Hampton, author of Quest for the Golden Quill of Storytelling for authors http://amzn.to/116bEef
Write Way uses it's own Word Processing software. It saves the files in .rtf format, which is easily opened and modified in Microsoft Office and Works. Any thus modified file can be re-inserted back into Write Way. However, I don't find any need to use anything but Write Way. It is a complete package in itself.
Yes. I've done it with an entire novel - it won't translate with a cut and paste direct - there's a combination and I'd have to check that process again - but I've done it and will do it again, I'm sure.
Hi Cassie-Writeway Professional Edition will work with Windows XP, Vista & 7. Must have 512 MB RAM 40 MB disk space. XP is really old (enlarged memory) but I really like it. So, I kept XP. WPE works well for me on it. Hope this helps.
Hi, Christopher. I'm not sure what you mean by Windows 2003 software. There is no Windows 2003. Probably you have either Windows Vista or Windows DP. I just checked the WriteWay website and they say the WriteWay runs on the following Windows 32/64-bit versions Windows XP, Windows Vista, and Windows 7 and Windows 8. You need to check which version of Windows you have. If it's Vista or XP, the website says it will work. Check for yourself at http://www.writewaypro.com/product_info.php. Hope this helps. Good luck.
not sure....
You got me there. I write fiction. I might suggest writing your paper chapter by chapter, or section by section, whatever the case might be, and then export your finished work to word at as RTF file. That's how I edit my writing. I like WWP because it's easy to move around paragraphs and chapters. JTR
I did buy/download/buy computer and had to redownload. The WRITE WAY PRO people sent me my license no and allowed me to redownload - since I couldn't find the one I had previously - THEY MAKE IT VERY EASY!
I'm a huge fan of WriteWay but I've never use it to write (formatted draft) a screen play. I did use WriteWay to develop the story and outline a screen play just to have the fun of doing it. When I had the story figured out I used Fade In to write it and have it properly formatted. The combination of WriteWay and Fade In worked great. Both of them are affordable. Fade In is remarkably simple to use for writing a perfectly formatted play or script.
If Chromebook is a laptop, it should work if you have Windows 7. It doesn't say anything about Windows 8 on the package.
Any license will allow you to download any version from ESET's web site. They also don't come out with a new version every year, though existing versions are still updated until your year expires.
Yes u will install as smart security 5 and after that u update it, and it will turn into the latest smart security which is smart sec. 6
Yes, the ESET Family Security Pack with 5 licenses allow you to use it on 5 different computers in addition to a combination of 5 android devices (tablets and smartphones). Therefore, it's actually like getting 10 licenses with this purchase. The description on amazon doesn't say this, but if you go on ESETs website you can view the full details. I purchased this family pack here on amazon recently, and I'm successfully using it on 5 computers, 2 smartphones and 2 tablets without any issues. Hope this helps.
No, this is all I use. It has a firewall and a virus filter and malware protection.
I received a box with a CD, but you can also use the registration key to download the latest version.
Yes, it's compatible with Windows 8.1. If you buy this item, you will register and receive a code to use in 5 computers for 1 year. After that, just go to http://www.eset.com and download the latest version or just install the disc software and update later.
1.
Yes
I love this product. They stand behind it 100%.
I do not have experience using the children controls. Sorry I can't be of help on this subject.
The hardware "Lenovo" will have no bearing as to if it will work. You may need a faster processor or more memory depending on what package you install. Here is a list of the system requirements: http://support.microsoft.com/kb/822129 I use it with Windows 7, so you should not have any issues. It includes Access 2003, Excel 2003, Outlook 2003 with Business Contact Manager, PowerPoint 2003, Publisher 2003, and Word 2003
Yes. Works on all versions of Widows from Windows 2000 through Windows 8.1.
Hi, This is an used software and there is one installation still available.
The regular retail Professional license is a product that non-edu students can buy. Professional Academic is for edu students on a budget, and I believe they need to provide valid identification to buy it. It lacks some information rights management tools use by enterprises but its identical in every way else. You can order a backup disc for it at the following link: http://www.microsoft.com/office/backup/en-us/default.mspx
Yes
2012 version
If it has an SD port it should work just fine.
Not sure what you mean by simplified or complex...but my map shows all the street names around me in detail and I live in a small neighborhood area.
Yes
Oh yeah. I have an 810. Works great. The turn by turn sometimes isn't all that but not a consequence of the added map. Probably a consequence of the device.
We would not make this recommendation.
Yes it will according to research on maps you can load in that Garmin.
Yes - you need to get the holder for the best results - it will work on its own.
No guarantees, but the specs for your GPS show that it can accept Micro SD cards as well as city navigator maps, so it should work.
The version I got is a 4 GB Scan Disc micro-SD card that fits in the micro-drive slot on the Garmin 810. Bob
No difference; just different labeling.
There are 3 discs. 1 Sibelius 7 installer/ program DVD an 2 content discs. There are quick start instructions but no physical reference manual. Digital reference guide is available in the program, you can print out the manual...780 pages or purchase the printed manual. Believe the Avid manual is available through Amazon. There are also tutorials available in the program.
You may have already tried this, but on the Sibelius/Avid site, you can search the Knowledge Base, and there are various notices about Windows 8, including installation issues. Apparently it does work with Windows 8, but there is a recommendation to download an update before installing. I'm not sure what the issue you're having is, since my machine runs Windows 7. Good luck though; I hope you get through the installation. In my experience, it's the only really difficult part of this software. After that, it gets to be more fun.
This is answered at the Sibelius FAQ web page: http://www.sibelius.com/products/sibelius/faq/index.html#46 Q: Can I use Sibelius 7 on more than one computer? Yes, in these two cases: (i) you can install a single-user copy of Sibelius on two computers for your own use only; (ii) Site licenses are available for schools, colleges and universities. Apart from in these cases, you are not allowed to use Sibelius on more than one computer. Apparently the install DVDs come with both Mac OSX and Windows versions, if you use both platforms at home you should be good to go. When I rebuilt from scratch my Macbook Pro to a new OS, I don't recall having to unregister the original install in the old OS (Lion) order to reinstall in new OS (Mountain Lion). Your mileage may vary.
I don't know. I've just barely started to work with it.
Yes, that is the version I have.
Yes, unless you already have a legit copy of Windows installation disc; Parallels comes by itself.
I do not know. Go to the Parallels website they have a list of compatible operating systems.
Yes you do. There sadly isn't one included.
I don't know those particular games. However, Parallels just lets you install a copy of the Windows operating system on your hard drive - parallel operating systems of Mac and Windows. Anything you can run on Windows on any brand computer, you can run on Windows on your Mac.
Yes. I used this software with my MacBook Pro.
I am using Parallels with iMac OS 10.9.2 and works very well. Go for it!
I am running windows 7. I am not sure if this works with the newest versions. I am currently running 10.7.5 and it works fine. I have not upgraded due to other programs on my comp that have issues with latest updates. I am not sure on this with other versions of the OS.
Just buy version 9 and you will be able to run any windows and Mac version. They probably are but no reason to get this version if you have the latest Apple iOS or wanting windows 8.0 support.
I would think it would, since I'm running it on Mountain Lion. It will not run on Mavericks. Can always verify with Parallels.
I have been buying this package for the last several years. Each year the "renewal" for the payroll service costs more than this package. What is in here: The newest version of Quickbooks and a one year subscription to the 3 employee of enhanced payroll. With some careful shopping, I beat the "payroll renewal" and keep my system up to date. If you have more than 3 employees on your active payroll (within one month) you can add payroll for 4+ employees at any time for usually (historical) $100.00 Less than a buck a day for the latest and payroll. QB 2012 alone is $200+.
Yes, you can buy just the basic payroll or the enhanced payroll separately from Amazon.
You can use the same product and upgrade payroll from within the program.
I'd like to know this as well, I wonder if it would stack the subscription. I just wish I had checked amazon for the update as opposed to buying through the 'discounted price' from intuit. I really dislike quickbooks these days. Once they snag you for the auto renewal for enhanced payroll, you simply can't get rid of them. I originally renewed on a CC, it automatically reupped the following year. That kinda peaved me a little. I called intuit and they claimed to remove this from my account. Next year it reupped again, on a CC that was no longer current. But yep, I got the bill from the CC company. How is this possible???
MS Easy Transfer will move all data and docs from one computer to the other and can move items from XP to Win 7. It is pre-installed on Win 7 and a free download for XP. If all you want is to move the Quickbooks files, backup to a thumb drive (or any portable drive) on the old machine and then do a restore from that thumb drive on the new one.
I'm sorry but I do not know. I use a windows system. I want to say that it should from memory but I cannot verify. Again my apologies!
It worked on my Windows 7 system.
I have Windows 7 and I can't even get it to sync with my bank.
Checked the box it came in and only Windows OS are listed. Sorry.
It does not. You need to purchase an annual subscription which for more than 3 people costs you around $380 a year in addition to whatever your software costs. If that's not bad enough, after 3 years you will be FORCED to upgrade your Quickbooks software in order to continue to have the privilege of paying the annual subscription which by then will likely be $500 a year. There is an all manual mode buried in the software somewhere or it used to be...but good luck finding it and if you do use it, you can't print any forms. In the old old days, before Intuit turned evil, they would offer a one time free tax table download which in many cases was good for a few years...all you had to do was tweak the federal withholdings manually. Those days are long gone.
I've been using QB2012 profor the past 5 months and while it is true that they charge too much for "enhanced payroll and other features," I found the service very helpful. I run payroll for 2 employees and the annual cost is over $300 bucks plus a $29 monthly fee. This is too much! But when it comes to Fed 941 and state's liabilities I don't have to worry and just process the liabilities via electronic filing. I also contacted their payroll customer service and they were very professional and helpful in answering my questions. I also posted a question on the Intuit blog and I got a response within a few hours. Every software company comes up with upgrades for their products and charges for them but I do agree that QB's upgrades are too expensive, specially after you have spent a considerable amount obtaining the software and paying for services. QB should care more a about its customers and provide upgrades and services at reasonable rates.
Hi Marie: From the home screen, click onto "Record Deposits," which will open a register style screen. Enter it as two deposits wo that you can put in the split information.
Read the reviews on the 2012 vs. and I think you will see that the 2011 vs. may not have the issues that the newer vs. does. I have used QuickBooks Pro in the past, beginning in 2002 and the last year was 2008. I was very impressed with the ease of use and the ability to make corrections to posting without having to do journal entries, ie. just fix the posting. The payroll, when I was doing it came with the annual upgrade for free, so I upgraded annually. There was no limit on the number of employees, or if there was we never reached it. Our highest employee count was probably twenty. But having read the reviews for 2012 I am wondering if I want to install for my new start-up company. Maybe the 2011 for now and see what else is out there before we have employees.
Best place to go would be your state Department of Labor website. Every state differs in treatment of some of these types of compensation.
Do you have a specific question?
I am not using Quicken.
Yes you can import 2003 to 2012
Tax laws change, so the software must, too. I personally use an updated version so the integration to my bank and business stays current and within tax code.
Quickbooks Pro 2012 2011 can certainly look at 2009..what hogwash! If your accountant told you that, then get rid of them. They certainly are not that familiar with QuickBooks. In the Denver metro area at least, almost all small businesses use some form of QuickBooks. It is the best software for small businesses.
Yes it does. No problem
Yes, but I am curious why you are interested in an older version of the program? DO NOT GET QUICKEN 2014 as its functionality is less than earlier versions. 12 may actually have been my fav. Attaching documents to my transactions is my issue. In earlier versions I could attach Checks or Invoices or Other. When I wanted to view an attachment I chose one of the 3 categories and picked my image. In 2014 there no longer seperate categories. You have to selec, then open, each individual image to find the one you need.
I can't answer that as I have windows 7. My quicken 2012 works well with Windows 7.
Hi Laura, yes it does. Right mouse click at the top of Quicken where the icons are located and left mouse click the "customize tollbar" choice. Then look to the left of a new window and click "Tax Planner" and choose "add", then click the "OK" button. The retirement icon is now added and you may now click this icon to gain access to this planner.
Yes. And I'm yet to find a replacement. Although I recently discovered that Microsoft offer the sunset version for free by download. I'm seriously considering using this. I actually purchased YNAB but it lacks so many features Money had.
There is a huge market for a financial management tool that works. It might take another year but there will soon be a replacement by a vendor that cares and will fix the issues that have made the Quicken and Turbo tax experience so painful.
I've been seriously considering upgrading Quicken for several years (I've been using v 2004), but every time I look at the Amazon reviews and read about the unfixed bugs, terrible support and general user dissatisfaction, I figure I'll wait til Intuit gets its act together. With 44% of users still being so dissatisfied, I'll keep waiting. Too bad, since I'd like to take advantage of the transaction downloads.
I have the 2012 version. Love it! Do you mean to purchase it, or did you mean to access YOUR old files on your PC. If on your PC, click previous version, on purchasing the 2012 version, I'd say do search online & state you want that year version, same as if you were trying to purchase an old book...
Yes
It was put back into 2011 with an update sometime in Nov. 2010. I had to set it up special in 2011. That means I had to find it in the menu, and set it up as my opening page on Quicken. Not the same way as the prior versions had it. Its hidden this time. I am sure 2012 is the same way. I would try the Quicken discussion page if you can not find it. Good luck
Unfortunately I have no knowledge of Windows 8, as my computers use either Windows 7, XP or Vista and my software is Hallmark Card Studio Deluxe 2012. However, I have occasionally successfully emailed copies of my cards which are automatically put into the AVI format for email purposes. An AVI file is an Audio Video Interleave file used by video players and Microsoft Media Players. If I email a card, I firstly always send a copy to myself so that I can make sure its ok. It appears in the email as an AVI attachment and when I double click it, in my case it plays it in my media player. The first page comes into view after a few seconds, which then fades out to reveal the subsequent pages, one by one. I hope this helps. Angela
Hi Rebecca, save YOUR MONEY, I bought it and installed on my iMac,it would let me print a 1/4 fold card but not give me a choice on printing the inside of a normal card. I had used the older version for a few years on my PC so when I switched to Mac a year ago I ordered the mac version and it did not work. You would think someone would test all phases of a program before they put it on the market. I returned it and did buy the PC version since I have Parallels on my iMac and can run PC programs. but I'd rather have the Mac version and just get away from the PC. Hope I was some help to you.
Sorry...haven't ever done that. I print each envelope directly and add small notations or bits of art stuff.
Sorry I never used the Hallmark Card Maker, to any extent anyway. It was not very user friendly. One thing I did not like was you could not delete the Hallmark information/logos. When I make a card I don't want people knowing I was using a stencil. I had been using a card maker program that is no longer available and it was easy to use.
As my computers use either Windows 7, Vista or XP, unfortunately I have no knowledge of Windows 8. However, a quick Google search suggests that some people are having a problem using their Hallmark software in Windows 8 but several are reporting that when they disable their Norton Anti-virus program and/or their firewall, it works fine. You could try doing that. Sorry that I cannot help you further.
Hi Chrissy I am not exactly sure what you mean. Do you mean that you have more than one way of emailing, for instance Hot Mail or Yahoo and you wish to change it from the default email address? I only have one Virgin Media email account so when I click on "email" within the Hallmark program, it automatically takes me into a new message in Windows Live Mail (my operating system is Windows 7) so I put in my recipient's address and then send it on its way via my Virgin Media email provider. On the other hand, when it first goes through into your default email, instead of "sending" it, you could "save" it to "My Documents" and then go into whichever email account you wish to send it from and add it as an attachment from "My Documents". I have just tried saving it and you can then attach it to any email. I hope this information helps. Angela
In order for your Sibelius to run you must submit proof that you are a student/teacher. The easiest way to do it (I did it) is using your school's email address, ie. tiara_still_fly@yourschool.edu. They want to see an edu ending. They will send you your activation key through that email. You can also fax/email your school ID card and they will send you the activation key the same way you sent your ID.
I believe it can only be used by one workstation at a time but Avid would need to confirm that
Yup, there is a button in the top menu. It also asks if you want to use double sharps or flats.
Thank you for your question. The software itself is exactly the same, and sells for the same or close to the same price. The only difference is that the student edition includes 4 years of free upgrades. AVID is fairly strict about verification, so you definitely need to provide verification that you are a student or teacher to qualify for either of these two academic editions. I hope this information is helpful. - Arnie Schachere, Music Studio Direct Amazon Store
Yes it is the full box product, but you have to have an educational email account in order to use this. There is no key in the box, but once you authenticate yourself as a student or teacher they send you a product key in the mail.
Yes
Yes
Check to make sure it's the correct version. I was sent a student package instead of educational package. It slowed me down. I hope this helps.
I've ordered this product from them twice and both times they insisted on eligibility documentation. I understand that they want to verify academic credentials but they need a smoother, more professional way of doing it. And they need to keep on record, past purchases where credentials were already submitted and approved. When I order things on-line, I expect a minimum of required contact with the vendor after the order is placed. I want to place the order and move on. No phone or further email contact required.
There is a discounted price for those moving from Sibelius First to Sibelius 7, but it isn't exactly an upgrade as the core software is different.
Go to the Avid website to verify if you can. I upgraded from 5.6 educational version without a problem.
Yes
I am using the latest version with Windows 7. It seems to work just fine.
Yes, but it is big, and takes a while. I downloaded it.
I had to go to the hidden icons button on the task bar and right click on the volume speaker and open the Volume Mixer and unmute Honestech Audio Recorder and now I have sound. It took about an hour to figure this out. Troubleshooting support is really lacking. Hope this solution helps someone else out.
Sorry, It only works with Windows
I have a reel-to-reel, and would guess not. The Honestech folks send you a cassette player that will connect with your PC (where the Honestech program is loaded), so if you can find an adapter to jack your reel-to-reel tape deck into your PC, then it would probably work. The old jacks I have are not designed to connect to anything other than an amplifier.
I don't know about that. I plugged it into my pc and used it once. That's all it gave me.
This recorder is made very cheap, and mine did not work very well. Was unable to copy the music onto disks Ed McCann
Sorry I can't help at this time because I haven't looked for anything else. I am so disappointed with the Print Master Platinum that I am very leery of buying anything else. :(
Can't help you. It's a total waste. Sorry, I'm disappointed too.
Sorry I can't help you with your problem. I have never had that problem, but have had many other problems with this program. It maybe your printer settings but I wouldn't be surprised if it is the program itself. I have used the older versions of Printmaster for many years and was very happy with it but since I changed my computer I had to buy one for windows7 and it is the worst I ever had! What a waste of money. Nothing prints out right and it has a very limited selection for cards etc. I would see if it can be returned for something else.
do not buy this product. It is not good on Windows. Although it is suppose to work with Vista and XP, it does not work well period.
Yes. It took awhile to download on one of our laptops, but it is compatible with Windows 7.
You probably need to let your printer "Learn" the way it works. And if not, do a test print and see which way to put the paper back in... OR print on two pieces and glue the inside one to the middle of the fold.
I have requested a refund just two hours after purchasing this software ....we'll see what happens.
James, I believe that Encore's The Print Shop is the biggest piece of garbage ever issued. It was almost totally unusable, and could not do any of the tasks that the earlier versions did so easily. We returned it, and kept the old computer and printer to run it and keep my wife sane. DO NOT BUY IT!!!!! It doesn't work well with ANY system.
Since I really dislike the printshop 3.0 I haven't really looked into buying another version. The old version I had (I think it was 6.0 but back in the 90's and it was GREAT but not compatible with my newer computer). 3.0 is a big waste of money as you can see from the reviews.
There is none. I use Google Picasa to crop all photos. Very unhappy with this product. Also, if you do "landscape" you have to save in jpeg form to print. Another headache, you can't customize font size between sizes given I.e. 48 to 72, nothing in between.
its not worth the money. it won't load properly a total waste of money
No
Yes, this worked with the newest version!
do not use windows 8. It is ok with windows 7.
I checked the font list and there is no Arial Narrow font. There are no Arial fonts of any kind, strange.
I believe it does. I installed the fonts, but can't say for sure if Engravers MT was a part of that, or on my machine already. Sorry - that's probably not much help!
Yes
I don't think there's a complete list available....not sure....it's been a long time since I purchased. Sorry. I guess you could try the vendor's website. Best I can do.......
It will download but the software didnot add the fonts to the group of fonts that came with MS Office.
Hard to tell.....you can get close with some, but I doubt you could cover all of MLB teams. I believe that all team logos are copyright protected.
No. This is a boring font package. I wanted bulk fonts on my computer so I got this. its Not bad just not wow.
No, it doesn't.
I checked the font list and there is no Arial Narrow font. There are no Arial fonts of any kind, strange.
I believe it does. I installed the fonts, but can't say for sure if Engravers MT was a part of that, or on my machine already. Sorry - that's probably not much help!
Yes
I don't think there's a complete list available....not sure....it's been a long time since I purchased. Sorry. I guess you could try the vendor's website. Best I can do.......
It will download but the software didnot add the fonts to the group of fonts that came with MS Office.
Hard to tell.....you can get close with some, but I doubt you could cover all of MLB teams. I believe that all team logos are copyright protected.
No. This is a boring font package. I wanted bulk fonts on my computer so I got this. its Not bad just not wow.
No, it doesn't.
This is something that I do not use PSP for. If I am going to add music to a photo slide show, I prefer to use a non-linear editing program that is meant for that such as Sony's Vegas Movie Studio, or Corel's Video Studio Pro or even Adobe Premeire. This is mostly a photo editing program, and while adding music might be a possibility, I confess I have not done it with this because in my view there is not enough control.
I never tried to do that, but this software will allow you to change background, colors, etc. It is very similar to PhotoShop.
PaintShop Pro X4 is no longer on the Corel web site but PainShop Pro X5 is available. From experience with purchasing downloads from other Software providers I can tell you that you would prefer to purchase it on-line but receive it in the mail, two reasons: 1) Downloads can drop data which causes issues, and 2) It's nice to have the disc just in case something "burp's" within the software that causes an issue.
Yes. See the video and see for yourself. It's interesting. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ne8tcRWkW4
It's windows only
what kind? And it has a new update: WinDVD_11.6_Pro.exe Depends what region you are.
Yes it does, but so does VLC and it's free.
I never got it to play anything on blu ray. Tech Support was somewhat responsive, but clueless to resolve the issue. I gave up on the product.
Since I was unable to run it while using 2 monitors in my workspace, I would say no. Their tech support even stated that I had to have one monitor to get it to work. If you have a laptop, then it should work. But after suffering through that headache, I purchased Cyberlink PowerDVD 14 Ultra instead: and it works great: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00JOVFT0W/ref=oh_aui_d_detailpage_o02_?ie=UTF8&psc=1
Because this program just straight up doesn't work. I am serious. I got it to work for me about 5% of the time before I returned it.
it does a great job I am running it through a standard 1080 I flat screen and still get good 3-d graphics all in all I would say this program exceeds what I thought I would get.
very easy to use.. though I thought it plays blue ray.. it does it very nice for normal dvds
Unknown. But Pro 13 is designed for Win8
Don't know. I just use it to play BluRay and DVDs.
fairy easy but don't expect to use the same license you installed on win7 to work on win8, that happened to me and they wouldn't allow me to activate it on the PC I upgrades 6 weeks after I bought it.
GEDCOM - Export your data to a GEDCOM file then import it into your new genealogy program. Look under the File tab for Export - then follow the directions.
I have not been able to download this program at all.
I run it on Win 7 and have no problems and even though I haven't tried it on Win 8 yet. I do have a Win 8 computer and so far have not found anything that will run on 7 that won't run on 8. Sorry, but I will try it now to see for myself.
It seems that the best way is to copy your database file and use the "Merge" under the "Tools" menu to add in the files that are not in their own database. It should also update any information they have that you do not.
My experience is limited and I do not have any experience with software other than Corel. I have used the DVD burner to create DVDs that will work on a DVD player. It seems to work OK. The picture quality was not as good as I get when I just save the data to my computer and watch it from there. However, I needed to burn some wedding videos for the bride and groom that they could watch on a TV. They seemed very happy with the videos. Overall I am very satisfied with this software.
What are you asking?
Yes. You will also be able to export your HD video to DVD media using AVCHD format. The files can be played directly on to your Blu-ray player. Or, you can export to DVD, but the files will not be HD, because DVD players do not support HD. There are other export choices as well, but I find that putting HD video directly into a Blu-Ray readable format is convenient.
The software is a canned software. I have found it to be useful but you must know accounting and you must know about the companies goals for a business plan.
Absolutely not. This program is buggy and hard to use. If you want a cookie-cutter business plan, this is for you though. You would really have to have growth potential for venture capitalists to even take notice of you. You are much better off doing lots of research by looking at other business plans than buying this. This does not provide the detail you would need for something like that. If you're starting an internet start up, you had better learn to code and show people how something works, not just theory. Additionally, by writing your own business plan after thorough research you will know your company that much better and be able to pitch it with greater success.
Download, get it faster and can begin using it. You can always burn the executable to a cd
Yes. I upgraded from Windows 7 to Windows 8/8.1 two weeks ago, and had not attempted to open the software since then. Thank you for asking this, because I learned that I had to re-download the product (for free through my Amazon account). I opened the program, and checked most of the features. Everything worked fine in Windows 8.1. A word of warning to anyone who might transition from XP/Vista/7 to 8: upgrade to Windows 8 before creating business plans using the software. I believe I temporarily lost 2 business plans (I have it all backed up somewhere, I just have to find a computer with which to open the full backup).
Not with this version no, but the company's website does offer a new online version that allows you to do exactly that. From what I've heard it's actually a really great product.
No. But if you have windows installed on your MAC, you can run it from there. On my Airbook, I have windows separately installed as an operating system, so I am able to log in and use this program from there.
I looked in the software for language options...I could not find any...I asked the company and they have not responded...I know Windows has language options, but I don't know if you can do it with this software...or if you can do the plan in English and translate it...sorry
I purchased this software and was highly disappointed with it. It is only a sample of a business plan. If you need other documents you have to purchase them through a third party. If you csn buy it for less than $8 then it may be worth it. Otherwise I would suggest formswift 7 day trial for $7.95 . Thats where I ended up getting mine done. Ir turned out wonderful.
I'm working on a start-up, too. I find the software very intuitive and easy to use. Plus, it helps paint an accurate picture for potential investors to see your cost and revenue projections.
Yes it is. That is what I have
Yes. it certainly does. When my computer crashed and I had to replace it with Windows 8, I was not happy. Not just having lost everything, but because Windows 8 was quite different from my Windows XP. However, Printmaster 18.1 is basically the old familiar Printmaster I've loved over the years, but with some upgrades (more functions possible). I've had no problem using Printmaster 18 with my Windows 8.
yes, I believe you can make a collage with PM 18.1. You can copy a variety of images, pictures, etc., and paste them on a MP poster or blank page. I think this program is exceptionally versitile, but I have been using PM for years. Once you get familiarized with this program, I think you will love it. I certainly do!
Yes, you can design all sorts and sizes of business cards. You can buy the matching sheets of business card paper. Coordinate all of this with the printer and you should have good results.
It makes tons of different kinds of labels. I haven't tried them yet, but there's a laser "Avery White WeatherProof Address Label" as well as some Weatherproof Shipping Labels that are available, plus a wide assortment of other label sizes. It also does full-sheet labels. Hope that helps!
It's the best of the Printmaster series. Tried the Platinum and didn't like it but I can do anything with this one. You can make an awesome brochure with this program.
I am running Windows 8.1. I used Printmaster to make invitations, place cards, and to address envelopes for a wedding reception. It worked very well, even though it did lock up a few times, causing me to have to restart my computer. So, not perfect, but workable.
Yes. The issue is whether your printer will accept the transfer paper.
Yes,,just the prior progams.
Yes, it will make great labels.
Not sure about the mirror images- but the shading is done by selecting the font format that looks like a letter with shading- you can then pick the color of the letter and the shading
Yes It will, Runs fine on my laptop w/ win 7
PhotoPlus Serif do not have the air brush or air spray brush, but Serif DrawPlus x 5 does, the spray brush and corel painshop pro x 4 or even x 2 include the air brush, that you can use to do anything you like, changing features in face or body, adding sun tan, color, skin tones or shapes, adding make up or deleting, depending of what pictures are you working with. Both program I own and both are great programs.
yes. It is better that the adobe product photoshop
no longer use this it has given me nothing but problems and I think its a European version to begin withdo yourself a favor and get another program just not that one
There is a special version of Dragon Medical that is exclusive for the Mac computer. We sell it on the KnowBrainer dot com website but I do not recommend it. DMPE can only be used on a Windows PC or a Mac computer running Windows in Parallels or boot camp. PS: if you are looking to purchase DMPE, you'll get a better deal by going directly to our website where we can offer you lifetime support and complementary training
Nuance licensed/certified resellers (which are the only people who can legally sell you Dragon Medical or support you because Nuance doesn't offer any support for Dragon Medical) can only sell you DMPE 2 (2nd edition). I can imagine why you would want the 1st edition which is full of bugs and numerous complaints but I'll certainly be glad to answer any questions you may have. You can also reach me directly at (615) 884-4558 x1. There are no legal copies of the 1st edition of Dragon Medical because Nuance certified resellers are required to return old software to Nuance.
we are using it on 3 computers.
Hello, I"m currently using version 11 and from what Dragon Support team told me that version 11 has much more enhanced medical library, accent recognition etc. I would say version 11 is a safer bet. So far no issues, works great with Nuance PowerMic II
3
Stand alone full program. No previous version needed.
I've only installed it on PC, but it came with a separate Mac disc - and the box says it works with MacOS X 10.5, 10.6, and 10.7.
No , 10 is though but only because of pressure 14 is the only other to fully support 8.1
This is per the Kapersky site. "The latest versions Kaspersky Internet Security and Kaspersky Anti-Virus (both 13.0.1.4190) fully support Windows 8. The latest version of Kaspersky PURE (12.0.2.733) partially supports Windows 8. Kaspersky Small Office Security does not support Windows 8." They also indicated that they expect that the Small Office Security will work with Windows 8 some time next year. For further information you can go directly to the Kapersky website http://support.kaspersky.com/windows8
Yes it is since it's a download. If your were to not download until later in the year you could download the 2014 edition.
The disc that comes with the box comes with the program. Depending on which OS you are using (Android, Windows, or Mac) all installations will be different. For Windows, using a KIS 2013 trial for 30 days and then activating it with the license key will extend your service by 30 days, so long as you activate it with the key the first time. Anytime you activate it on ANY device, all the 5 licenses dates start from there.
Sorry - when you purchase Kaspersky One - or any other program - you get a serial number. Guess you will have to purchase Kaspersky One.
It should, there located in Australia!
It says windoows 8 compatible on the box. If it does not work with your version contact customer service and let them know. They sent me a link to upgrade at no cost!!
No it does not
Did not test it but for sure yes.
We run the software on a laptop with Windows 8 and have not had any issues.
no older version 2011
I JUST (as in 3 days ago) got a new Dell PC with Windows 8 and along with the PC it came with this version as a dell Download. I did download it, and YES it is working just fine as far as I can tell.
I have PSE 10 running on Lion. The only thing I can't seem to do is get my raw files (pics) to load directly from the organizer into the raw software instead directly into the editor. Therefor, I can't edit in raw. This copy of PSE 10 was downloaded from Adobe.
Easier reinstalls when a machine replacement (planned or unplanned) is needed. My most recent case was unplanned after a machine crashed, but previous years it was planned.
You should be able to use it on the new laptop. Do you have a hard copy of your version 10 and the License Code? If so, then just install it from your disk and enter the License Code when asked. If not, you can clone from one laptop to the other (e.g. using Casper), but I would likely check with Adobe support on the best way to accomplish your needs if you installed from a download.
For the D300S you need Camera Raw v5.5 or above. PSE 8 shipped with 5.5, so PSE versions 8 and above should handle your NEF raws.
I have never used version 7 so am not aware of exactly what the issue is. I have not had any issues with the appearance of lettering in Elements 10. Besides, the newer features of v9, v10, etc. make upgrading worthwhile, I suggest.
YES... you can resize any and all pictures. I go to YouTube and search how to do things on PhotoShop Elements. In the YouTube search type "Photoshop elements 10 resize" you will find many videos to walk you through and more!
Mine is working like a dream on Win 7.
If someone is missing from the photo, or you have two photos where not everything is right, you can put the two together. It would require selecting the part you want from one and moving it into the other. I taught this as a fun project in my Computer Art class where the student would have their picture taken and then insert it into a famous place from Art History. (Like climbing the pyramid in Egypt). We used the full version of PhotoShop, but I have a friend who does it with Elements all the time. Just do a file&gt;open for each photo and go from there. I would have to research the directions for Elements but I know it can be done.
I'm no digital geek, but try a different memory card, or maybe a different kind of card reader. I had the same thing happen to me with a Nikon D300, and once I switched the card, it was all right. Worth a try, anyway. BruceS
Yes it will. https://www.adobe.com/products/photoshop-premiere-elements/tech-specs.html
I'm not sure either is "easier to use." Photoshop of any version requires a long and steep learning curve just to do basic stuff. If you have any photo background, you'll be a step ahead but you'll have to "learn your way around" the interface. Once you get comfortable with the basics, you can work magic with your photos. Their "help" helps a little bit. This website has some pretty good tutorials, although it now teaches the later versions (Creative Suite which comes after Elements 12): www.photoshopessentials.com. As to Windows 8, I doubt v10 will run on that platform - do not know about v12. I run Windows 7 Pro and v12 runs fine on that, v10 was a bit cranky which is why I moved to 12.
I believe that this was published by the Adobe folks... Support for the D7100 was added after Photoshop Elements 11 was already out, at which point we stopped releasing updates for Photoshop Elements 10. If you would like native support for the D7100 (file opens directly into the appication) you would need Elements 11. Otherwise, you can use the DNG converter to change the files from NEF to DNG and then they will open in Elements 10.
I have the same question. What is the answer. Is it a full or upgrade version???
I have a Canon Rebel Ti 1 and use premier elements 9 for editing the videos. It does a fine job. What I have a problem with is copying onto a DVD. I followed their suggestion of "burning" to a folder, then doing the DVD. That worked. A Roxio program does a better job of burning the saved folder to DVD, though.
Yes, this confuses me too. I have PS Elements 3 which, from another question, I understand is acceptable if I want to upgrade to Elements 10, but why do so if I can purchase a fresh install for much less?
I have PS Elements 5 . . . is that too old to upgrade to 10?
According to the Adobe website, it can be installed on two computers. Additional licenses can be purchased.
I only have a Microsoft Tablet running Windows 8; I could not get it installed, so I can't say if it will work on regular computer, but it will not run on my tablet
Yes, that is the OS I am using and have not had a single issue.
I have not yet imported any files as of yet, but I have exported files to Excel. Hope this helps. There is very little documentation that comes with this, so everything for me has been trial and error. Of the two inventory systems that I tried, I liked this one the best.
I used to use HomeManage until it stopped working and their tech support would not respond. I had input almost everything we own and did not want to start over from scratch as I couldn't import my data from HomeManage into Home Inventory. It went easier than I thought as I had HomeManage in Excel format. Not easy but doable. I found out there was legal action against the company through BBB of Canada. That didn't help me it turned out. So I bought Home Inventory Pro 2011 and find that I really like it. Funny thing, last week I got an email from HomeMange to upgrade and I was wondering if they are under new management. I won't go back though. I'm happy with what I have.
Yes. this works with windows 7....
Yes it does. I installed it on my Win8 machine, which I have since upgraded to 8.1. Worked in both cases.
I have an HP Photosmart 3210xi All-in-one and it handles scanning all of the documents I use with Home Inventory Pro. I also use Nuance PDF COnverter Professional as a software interface to scan in my inventory documents. I didn't see a need to get a separate scanner just to handle receipts. Hope this helps.
SAP has inventory and production control for industry. Otherwise, for home use, this will be more than you need.
Yes, I've had no problem with my 8 laptop as it's basically just a string of ascii.
I only use it personally so I don't know about multiple accounts. In my opinion, it is a great program.
I only have a Microsoft Tablet running Windows 8; I could not get it installed, so I can't say if it will work on regular computer, but it will not run on my tablet
Yes, that is the OS I am using and have not had a single issue.
I have not yet imported any files as of yet, but I have exported files to Excel. Hope this helps. There is very little documentation that comes with this, so everything for me has been trial and error. Of the two inventory systems that I tried, I liked this one the best.
I used to use HomeManage until it stopped working and their tech support would not respond. I had input almost everything we own and did not want to start over from scratch as I couldn't import my data from HomeManage into Home Inventory. It went easier than I thought as I had HomeManage in Excel format. Not easy but doable. I found out there was legal action against the company through BBB of Canada. That didn't help me it turned out. So I bought Home Inventory Pro 2011 and find that I really like it. Funny thing, last week I got an email from HomeMange to upgrade and I was wondering if they are under new management. I won't go back though. I'm happy with what I have.
Yes. this works with windows 7....
Yes it does. I installed it on my Win8 machine, which I have since upgraded to 8.1. Worked in both cases.
I have an HP Photosmart 3210xi All-in-one and it handles scanning all of the documents I use with Home Inventory Pro. I also use Nuance PDF COnverter Professional as a software interface to scan in my inventory documents. I didn't see a need to get a separate scanner just to handle receipts. Hope this helps.
SAP has inventory and production control for industry. Otherwise, for home use, this will be more than you need.
Yes, I've had no problem with my 8 laptop as it's basically just a string of ascii.
I only use it personally so I don't know about multiple accounts. In my opinion, it is a great program.
You can create a "book" which would take some effort but it does allow you to add images. The book can then be saved as a pdf. You can export trees as Family Treemaker files with images/media, but the user would have to have FTM to open them. GEDCOM files, a universal file system, do not support images.
Yes, you can transfer all of your ancestry.com research onto the Family Tree Maker - pictures, notes and all.
Not much of a difference - you can still pretty much do the same things with both (books and all) and can still sync to ancestry.
I have Windows 7 and it's working fine for me.
Don't exactly understand what you mean by the word "display". If you mean the grid with all the relatives and generations past, you sometimes have to drag it up or over to make everything seen.
The additional cost is offset by 6 months of free membership which is also good as a credit toward your current active subscription/. It includes a good FTM manual that would cost extra. There is an additional CD to give to a friend but that would require full membership dues.
As long as your files are not from the original Family Tree maker you should be alright. The only thing is is that you can not go back to the older version of FTM unless you make a copy. Also it is recommended that you use the backup file if you have lots of pictures and documents because a GED does not save them but will reference them as a source.
If you were luck and received all 3 cd's then just go to help inside family tree maker and click on "Activate Ancestry Subscription"
it says that you can on Ancestry.com
No, the gift disc is formatted for a pc. However, it would probably work if you have Parallels installed on the Mac.
You shouldn't have any problem. I have used FTM for years and generally upgrade about every two versions. It is generally seamless. I am using FTM12 now and had no problem upgrading.
The Nova Development manufactures and sells Family Tree Maker Deluxe 2012 and they have 3 related products. Essentials, Deluxe, and Platinum. They do not have a Complete so I'm not sure what that is. The difference in the three products has nothing to do with the FTM 2012 itself, it is the same in all three. The differences lie in the extras that are included. For example with Essentials you get a 1 month free membership to Ancestry.com, with Deluxe it is 3 mo and with Platinum it is 6 mo. There are other extras as well. I realize this doesn't really answer your question, but I hope it helps.
Yes. It took a week or so to show up on my account page, but my last purchase of FTW included 30 days free and it was added on to the length of my current subscription.
Yes, it is. I was leery about buying it with my Windows 8 computer but it works just fine.
hello Pat, I purchased Family Tree Maker Deluxe and I love it. It is compatible with WindowsXP which I use and also with Vista and Windows 7 and 8 . I hope this helps in your decision. Good Luck, Pat Burdick
the Old version has no tie ins with ancestry.com.IOt also ahs a better entry page than the"newer' Versions(which tie in with ancestry.com and is now up to version 2014. The site ancestry.com contains numerous wrong items. They claim you will see a leaf and it brings up information on the highlighted person. I tried the newer version and the "leaf" information had no relation to the person . Example: I could be looking for George Washington (The first president) of Virginia and it gives me a George Washington Married to "Sue Smith" . We all know President Washington was married to Martha. Many consumer watchdog sites say thee same thing.The site ancestry.com amy shoe relevant info but insist you subscribe to actually see the info. Recently they had a free trial and I did try the free access and all people I searched brought no correct information.
Your pictures should still be there in Family Tree Maker even if you cancel Ancestry. To make sure, I would download them to a flash drive or somewhere else on your computer and that way you would have them for sure. I always put my Family Tree Maker onto a flash drive and that way if something happens with my computer I have all of my information still in tact. It is always good to have a back up on Family Tree Maker for all of the work that we put into it. I teach Researching Family History and use Family Tree Maker and always tell my classes to back up your information.
I never heard of the program you have but family tree maker 2012 gives you acess to ancestry.com and it allows you to search their data base for info you may not have. I truely like this program. I hope this was helpful.
There is a mac version, looks like amazon has it for $99.99
Follow these steps. First back up your FTN data. Next open FTM v 2012 and select import. Search for the FTN data which could be Hack.ftn (the name of the family tree or similar.) Ignore the screen about back up first since you already backed up your FTN data.
This particular version is only for a Window PC. But there is a version for Mac: http://www.ancestry.com/cs/apps/P-4949
Had to change them to a gedcom file then they would open but the new files are totally different! Not impressed with the new software, but the old version wouldn't open on my new computer, go figure..
It is different form the old version but after using it for a while I like it better and more comprehensive than before.
Sorry, I have no answer to this problem.
Yes works great!!!! Good luck finding your family ties!!!
If you have done research and have saved information you found from a site like Ancestry.com, there should be a file or files with your family name with the file extension '.FTM'. For instance, Jones.FTM. This is found, in Windows, under: My Documents/Family Tree Maker. You can then import or transfer that file to you new computer. If you are asking if you can install Family Tree Maker on a new computer without the original install CDs, then I think you will have to buy a new copy of FTM. Sorry.
Version 10 should run fine on Win8. I have a Win8 box that I recently installed a lot of XP vintage software on and have had no issues. I was using 10 but switched to Essentials 2012 because of issues with merging web info with my tree. Ancestry support told me what I was seeing was a known issue and would likely not be corrected. They suggested I upgrade because the latest version doesn't have the problem and so far it has been fine. I'm still running Essentials 2012 on my XP box because that is where my files are but I'll eventually reinstall and move everything to the Win8 machine.
http://longlostrelatives-smp.blogspot.com/2010/12/kindle-for-genealogy-redux.html
Did you ever get an answer? I got both for Christmas and I don't know what the difference(s) is/are.
It teaches Tab. Good program and very easy to use.
You will need a microphone our some way to get sound into the computer
Yes
Plug and play for me, good luck!
No it will not.
Hi - wasn't sure, still not positive. Went back and found some greeting cards from 2009, using version 20, and they worked OK, others did not. But I've been using one form or another of 23 for many years and going strong. Sorry I can't be more helpful. Also should mention that I have a copy of my old Windows XP virtual installed (when I bought this PC which used Windows 7) just so my Print 23 would work. It works on both.
I use version 3.0 and it works fine on Windows 8.
Yes. I installed on windows 7 and all my old files came over from my old Xperia and works great
I had no problem, mine was downloaded to windows seven and it works fine. Did you try downloading it manually, I am not that computer savvy, so I am afraid I am not much help, sorry
I don't know about doing reverse writing, but Print Shop 23 has transfers available in it's project picker. After you finish your project and choose print it will automatically reverse the print for iron on transfers. Hope this helps.
It has many images on the disc and more are accessible online. The program has more clip-art images than photos. However you can import your own photos and images easily.
yes...Im using windows 7 on my laptop.
I love this software. In fact, I depend on it so much that I have 3 of the same one just in case..........and yes, it is pretty easy to use. I used it on my old PC which was Vista and it worked great; I use it on Windows 7 and it works great on that. You just have to monkey around with it a little and get to know your way around, but the project selection makes things quite simple. I think you will like it.
Hello, Cheryl. First, may I extend my sincere sympathy for your loss. I wasn't sure what you meant by a "funeral folder" so I looked it up, bless Google. From what I saw, there is special paper you can buy for that and I honestly can't see any reason why you could not make your folders with this program. It does so many things, works with so many different types of paper, and it is really easy to navigate through. I mainly make greeting cards for my children and grandchildren with it, but can't see why you couldn't make a booklet. Good luck to you. Cheryl (also)
Save the link to your desktop, then, log out of amazon then close your browser, then, double click the link on your desktop to go back to the page you were on to download. Sometimes the pc, or site or browser, needs a cick in the butt. If all this doesn't work, call amazon help desk and read them the message and they should be able to help. Hope this helps, good luck.
Yes. I started using TurboTax when I stopped doing income taxes professionally with a much more sophisticated program and this program was just as good and actually easier to use.
There are questions about business income. You have to physically look for it. There is a schedule C available. How ever I used to own a business and I recommend the Home and Business Turbo Tax. You get a lot more help with preparing your taxes.
Yes, you can print a paper copy and also e-file if you wish.
I do not understand your question.
I have been able to get a second state for the last three years with no problems.
I'm interested in the answer to this as well. I've always bought the cd version thinking it's the only way I can share with family members. (I believe it's up to 3 filings)? Would the 'download' version allow for this too?
The product here is the one you install on your computer. They do have a web-only version on turbotax.com you can buy there. As for how much space it takes up...the minimum requirements state: RAM: 512 MB (1 GB recommended) Windows Hard Drive: Federal Products: 500 MB for TurboTax (plus up to 1.5 GB for Microsoft .NET 4 if not already installed) State Products: 15 MB Federal plus State Products: 515 MB for TurboTax (plus up to 1.5 GB for Microsoft .NET 4 if not already installed) Mac OS Hard Drive: Federal Products: 300 MB State Products: 30 MB Federal plus State Products: 330 MB
Yes. Just choose to print out to mail both, get the state and mail it then go back & choose to efile the fed only. This should solve your problem. You have to, lots of times, go around the options or trick the pc to get what you want. Hope this helps, good luck.
Bob, I am running it with Windows 8.0 without any problems. I hav not upgraded to 8.1 so can't answer to that. Rick
No. For that, you may want to look into a Windows 8 tablet with stylus or possibly a Samsung Galaxy Note tablet. It's difficult for software to recognize handwriting from a picture (after you've written) and even software that claims to be able to do it, won't do a very good job unless you already write like a computer. There are also a few technologies that use a special pen and paper and the pen records what you write on the paper and can then dump that data into a computer which can probably perform handwriting recognition. Don't know how accurate it would be though.
I assume you are talking about scanning in a plain paper document with no particularly unusual formatting. What you'll get in ABBY is an editable representation of that document with ABBY's best guess as to the identity of poorly or lightly printed characters. You then work through the document, page by page and line by line making any corrections that you require. After that you can save the edited document to MS Word or to your favorite word processing program for further touch-up. How much touch-up required depends on your preferences set in the word processing program and how closely those preferences match those that you chose in ABBY. The most obvious match-up you'd want to watch for is font type and point size. Margins, indents, tab spacing and line spacing settings are also important. You want the document in the word processor to look as closely as possible like the paper document you originally scanned into ABBY. This may take a little playing around to get right, but is tedious rather than difficult. For a reasonably clearly printed paper document, the accuracy of the letter-by-letter translation into the editable image will surprise you. As to headers, footers and page numbers, you can de-select those before you save the edited image to your word processing program, simply by drawing a box around the elements of the image that you want to save.
The product I purchased was the one that came with a disk. However, Amazon also has sellers that sell just the download for programs. So, you have to make sure the product you are considering is one with the disk. BTW, Love the program!!!! Came from OmniPro, 2010 version whatever that was. All of a sudden, that program stopped working and the fix that was required???? Omni Pro required us to purchase a newer version holding us hostage until we updated. We help inmate authors selfpublish books and use our scanner every day - so their little trick essentially disrupted our business. We are not only happy we found a solution around Omni Pro - but the Abbyy Finereader 11 Pro is such a better program than Omni Pro.
I had xp pro now with new computer I have windows 7 My opinion I consider Abby Finereader a garbage program with lousy tech support. most definitely not worth the money. I use a prf converter program. good luck
Not sure I know what you mean. I understand "redact" to mean to block out text we don't want someone else to be able to read. Not sure how that translates into OCR software.
Yes, I'm guessing it will. We got a new computer to add to our home network and I was able to load and use it from there.
Call ABBY on this one - FR works with word and dff files. No OCR program is perfect but FR does do a great job.
You can save your scanned documents to word, excel, plain text, openoffice.org, html and a few others in addition to PDF. Lots of flexible options with this program.
I typically use photos of documents for my text conversions and I find the quality of the table scan depends depends on the quality of the photo input. if the photo is slightly out of focus the ocr output is poor. A scanner should be better quality than some photos so it should work.
Word and Excel and Access are all in this package. Other things also. I have been pleased with the performance.
No it does not. The last version of office that included it, that I am aware of, is 2000. And then it was only included in the Premium and Developer editions.
It should run. MS wants us to update to the ribbon format by scaring us into it. MS is stopping 2003 support, (like they supported us 2003 users anyway) in order to make us believe we have to update to the newer office versions.
Yes, You could install 2 computers as a second time without having any problems. Thanks N Tran
yes as long as you have cd and registration number
Yes, it is.
If the question is, "Will Topaz Complete work with Windows 8 and Photoshop CS5?", the answer is, yes.
Topaz ReStyle, Topaz Clarity, Topaz B&W Effects, Topaz Adjust, Topaz Lens Effects, Topaz ReMask, Topaz Detail, Topaz Simplify, Topaz InFocus, Topaz DeNoise, Topaz Star Effects, Topaz Clean, Topaz DeJPEG, and photoFXlab. This is the case if you buy it directly from Topazlabs right now.
No need to download anything from the Topaz site once you install the CD. But, you do have to use the product serial license code when activating each segment of the bundle. Would be nice if one activation worked for the whole package.
Each plugin has it's own version number and are updated as needed. Visit the site: http://www.topazlabs.com/
Correct, the newest bundle has 16 products. This particular bundle was rolled right as the newest two were being released (Stars Effects and Restyle, if I'm not mistaken).
I use mine as a plug-in for photoshop. Not sure if you can use it with Lightroom. Not sure if it works as a stand alone. You can get on Topaz's website at topazlabs.com and email them. They are really good a getting back with you quickly. I really love this software. It takes a little while to learn how to use it but I love the results on my photos. I hope this helps.
I Purchased this set and have had NO Problem and they are as Spelled out Works Great
Impression is not included.
I do not think so. I use it with photo shop elements and Lightroom
I can't say for sure which is included with the bundle you're looking at, but once you purchase it you can use the same license for the most recent versions from the Topaz website. They do have products not included in this bundle, but Adjust/BW Effect/DeNoise/etc should all work. They also have great customer support if you have troubles.
Definitely try out lvl 1 first. The learning style is not for everybody.
No, not unless you've paid for two licenses. However you can move your license to another machine as long as you stop using it on the original machine. You might have to contact Rosetta customer support to do this.
The downloaded version works with windows 8.
Yes, I am currently using Rosetta stone on Windows 8.
no, you don't!
The one that you purchase from Amazon is designed for PC use. However, Rosetta Stone just rolled out as a part of the online access, tablet and smartphone use. I do not know how well it works, since I have very limited bandwidth due to us living out in the sticks and I have to use a satellite system for net access. With my purchase from Amazon, I was able to access Rosetta Stone's online program (called "totale", I believe) that allows me to sync the online program with my desktop, so when I travel, I can use my laptop and the hotel bandwidth to access lessons and live tutoring sessions. Again, that's done on a PC, not a tablet.
I have it installed on my computer, my Surface, and my Android Tablet.
This download is an interactive software meant for a computer. It doesn't have an audio on the go option.
No
Yes. Both the CD and download versions allow up to 5 users and on 2 PC's.
Yes, definitely. However, you will need to spend about 30 minutes a day working through the lessons, and make use of the chat and online conversation features.
No
Contact Rosetta Stone(U.S). They will send the program to your new laptop.
Your husband would have limited (3 month) access to the online benefits of Rosetta Total-e, which included virtual tutoring sessions and other interactive features. However, he would be able to continue using via the standard Rosetta learning program indefinitely.. Just without those other benefits. Do it! It's certainly worth it, and you can get a discount to extent the online features for a much longer period of time.
Yes you can! You download it and can use it from anywhere - no need for Internet once you've downloaded it!
Unfortunately, I have been working with their tech support on this same issue and nothing seems to work so far. Good luck to you.
I run the latest OSX Lion 10.8.3 and works perfectly. I started using it on 1.8.0 I think, works perfectly
I would say it depends on your download speed. I have VERY SLOW internet where I live. It works great on the computer as an application. However, you may be able to utilize some of the online tutorials better than I. As far as instruction goes, I think you get the same stuff, either way. I did the download and I am loving it.
All iOS devices plus all computers
No, it does not translate to the ipad. I wanted to do the same thing, but I was unable.
Definitely
I have never done anything as big as that, but I believe you should be able to do that with PagePlus X6 or X7. I have done essentially the same thing with much smaller articles. Breaking it down into chapters may help. VR, Jim Nolan VR
I don't know, I have windows 7 with window xp mode and it works great, windows 7 is 64 bit
Yes, it does great, it always says there is a problem, but there never is. It could be my system.
Having only a notebook computer, I've never encountered this issue with this particular software. While some software, such as anti-virus protection or Microsoft Office Home and Student, often allow installation on up to three computers, such a feature is a marketing point and is stated explicitly in the advertising and promotional literature. Since Serif makes no such claim on their website (and I don't have the box to look at), then I would assume that the installation is limited to just one machine at a time.
Yes. And I'm yet to find a replacement. Although I recently discovered that Microsoft offer the sunset version for free by download. I'm seriously considering using this. I actually purchased YNAB but it lacks so many features Money had.
There is a huge market for a financial management tool that works. It might take another year but there will soon be a replacement by a vendor that cares and will fix the issues that have made the Quicken and Turbo tax experience so painful.
I've been seriously considering upgrading Quicken for several years (I've been using v 2004), but every time I look at the Amazon reviews and read about the unfixed bugs, terrible support and general user dissatisfaction, I figure I'll wait til Intuit gets its act together. With 44% of users still being so dissatisfied, I'll keep waiting. Too bad, since I'd like to take advantage of the transaction downloads.
I have the 2012 version. Love it! Do you mean to purchase it, or did you mean to access YOUR old files on your PC. If on your PC, click previous version, on purchasing the 2012 version, I'd say do search online & state you want that year version, same as if you were trying to purchase an old book...
Yes
It was put back into 2011 with an update sometime in Nov. 2010. I had to set it up special in 2011. That means I had to find it in the menu, and set it up as my opening page on Quicken. Not the same way as the prior versions had it. Its hidden this time. I am sure 2012 is the same way. I would try the Quicken discussion page if you can not find it. Good luck
I'm sorry but I do not know. I use a windows system. I want to say that it should from memory but I cannot verify. Again my apologies!
It worked on my Windows 7 system.
I have Windows 7 and I can't even get it to sync with my bank.
Checked the box it came in and only Windows OS are listed. Sorry.
Yes, the same thing happened to me. I called the H&R Block Help Center to report the problem. It looks to me like the workaround is simply to tell the system that your contribution limit is higher -- which in fact it is.
XP SP2 (read my comments)
Yes, I am happy with it.
I surely hope it is for TY2011. I am going to order it from Amazon, because of their return policy, if there is an error.
Yes, the same thing happened to me. I called the H&R Block Help Center to report the problem. It looks to me like the workaround is simply to tell the system that your contribution limit is higher -- which in fact it is.
XP SP2 (read my comments)
Yes, I am happy with it.
I surely hope it is for TY2011. I am going to order it from Amazon, because of their return policy, if there is an error.
Generally, Toshiba does a good job of communicating with peripherals, and HP shouldn't have any issues as the AIO has scanning specific software. I would download a free PDF creator such as Primo PDF and print to this, verses the printer, which in turn creates a PDF document, which will insert right into SO database with ease. I have found that certain documents from the Internet will print to Primo PDF, whereas they normally take forever to translate through the browser and print for scanning purposes. By printing to Primo PDF, you also eliminate the need to scan to pdf.
Yes, that's what I use it for as well as any other records where I want to reduce paperwork clutter. You can use it for about anything e.g. medical records, EOBs from your medical insurer, photo collections, cd collections, legal documents, recipes - about anything you can think of. The program has many templates for "filing cabinets" which are more business oriented, but you can easily make and customize/modify your own. And all your data is easily retrieved when you need it. Also found tech support very helpful in answering questions/problems. Neat receipt hardware/software was way too expensive for me and you can use just about any scanner you like - if your scanner has OCR software so much the better.
Within Speedy Organizer "The Digital File Cabinet for Windows" there are many different views to look at cabinets, folders and files including thumbnails. You can choose the best view for you.
Hi Speedy Organizer by rights can be installed on up to three computers. Like Microsoft Outlook this software will work on each of those computers but the information will not be shared. If you need to share information you will need to purchase a Speedy Organizer multi user solution - answered by Speedy Solutions Inc.
Works with windows 8.1
Wish I could say, but we never got it to install period :(
Yes
I've have had it for about 90 days. I find it is working very good with Windows 8.1.
Yes, but maybe not the way you think. You set up a template of fields that are important to you and after you scan them . . . you enter the data into that field. I tried the NEAT scanner which was very expensive, and it really didn't work the way they said on TV. You had to type stuff into that as well, so I find that to be able to find documents it is ideal. If you just want to scan business cards and create a database, I would look for another product.
I deleted Speedy Organizer from my computer. I found it to be to complicated to use.
Yes
Not sure what version but it does install on two computers. Just be advised that Microsoft is ending support for Office 2003 as of April 8th 2014. They will no longer issue updates for it. This also includes security updates.
I installed the Microsoft Office Professional on my computer that's running the windows 8. It works perfectly I am able to open up my older documents from my old computer as well. I'm sure it will work for your system as well!!
No it doesnt have that .. I had to uninstall this program it didnt open up my work programs and thats what i needed it for . So it was a waste of money for me .. If you need i can send it to you to try it out .. Rhonda
Yes
two
Bought it for a Windows 7 PC, I guess you would have to check the MS site for info.
Word 2003
I bought MS Office Professional 2003 a couple of months ago, and had no problem registering and using it.
No. The systems has to be Windows 2000 SP3 (or later) or Windows XP. Sorry
Yes if your camcorder accepts RCA jacks or S-video.
You can use Dazzle DVD Recorder HD V14.0 with your Pinnacle Studio, 14,15 or 16 and 16 Ultimate with no problem at all.
It's working on my 64 bit Windows 7. Confirm compatibility by reading details/specifications because there are different models of Dazzle out there.
Camera must have RCA plugs or a converter to them. On a Mac you need to check with Avid on that.
I'm not sure. The package says system requirements are Windows 7, Vista, or XP. I am using Windows 7.
I would not purchase this product if I were you. I was not able to do anything with it. Research another product.
The Dazzle is a "breakout box" with only a couple of connections. You can connect your Hi8 Camcorder or any other device by either RCA composite or S Video cables then USB 2.0 to your computer. From the Pinnaclesys.com website: Video inputs: Composite Video (RCA or S-Video (mini-DIN) Audio Inputs: Stereo Audio (RCA) PC connection: Hi-Speed USB 2.0 "Capture from any video source with composite (RCA) or S-Video output." Output Format DVD (DVD-R, DVD RW, DVD+R, DVD+RW, dual layer Apple iPod iPhone, iPad, Android phones, Sony PlayStation, Xbox-compatible formats YouTube, FaceBook Output formats are from the software Dazzle Studio. Give your video new life with Dazzle DVD Recorder HD! Capture clips from multiple sources with the high-quality video capture device. Then turn them into creative movies you can enjoy on DVD, the web and popular devices. "The Dazzle DVD Recorder HD captures video from VHS, Hi8 and V8 cameras, and other analog sources, including game systems and even DVD players." I use it with my laptop or live capture to record directly to my hard drive and for occasional transfer from another device. I use Adobe Premiere Video Editor instead of the Daszzle Studio but I really don't think you would go wrong with anything from Pinnaclesys! Haskell
No, there is not. However, there are some programs out there that can make to fullscreen after you've finished capturing. But it will stretch and cut the image and it will make it look off from the original video. (You will lose some of the edges of your video)
You will have to connect it to your laptop
Yes, you will need a computer.
It actually is from what I understand. Like Adobe and Microsoft products, it's the identical product, only at a special rate for educators and students.
Yes it does..thanks for asking
Hi Mark, the way I qualified for the educational version of Final Draft was by giving the company my school email address. They sent a verification email to that address and then I had to reply from that address to prove I had an .edu email. If you still have access to your school email, this may work. I believe they have other forms of verification they will accept. Maybe you can get a letter from an administrator from your school? Here is the link for eligibility: http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/software/detail-page/Final_Draft_Eligibility_Requirements.pdf Hope this helps! Good luck with your screenwriting :) Jo
Yes, it is compatible with Yosemite.
Excel, Word and Powerpoint. That is it.
I have an iMac (less than a year old, running OSX 10.8.4) and this runs great for me . Not sure if there is any reason why a MacPro would be any different. hope this helps some ;)
I have not had any issues with the system running correctly
I downloaded it to a current generation macbook air and it has worked fine.
I'm running 10.7.5 on an older MAcBook Pro and it downloaded just fine for me. Do you have a different version? If you just purchased your MAC call apple customer support. They are super to work with. tom
I loaded office on my iMac, i do not have parallels installed. Works fine.
From what I know, as of late June 2013 Microsoft Office 2011 works on OS X Mountain Lion.
Probably. I believe the Microsoft suite I am running is the Student edition (I could not confirm it) and it is definitely 2011 running on my Mac Air OS 10.7.5.
Yes. I use it on my computer and I don't have any issues or problems with it. I hope this helped.
The Mac gives you the product in a box, and is only available for use on one computer. There is no disc only a product number. The Mac Download provides you with the digital platform, and in most cases can be used on more than one computer. You can also access this from your software library. This would be like actually having the disc.
I am yet to have any issues with the new version, but again, I'm not creating huge excel sheets with multiple macros etc. On Word, inputting images and resizing them have not been an issue as I previously heard. As I use it more I will follow up with more input.
Yes you can, but why wouldn't you by the version without outlook for less money? You can use outllook but it won't sync with ical or contacts on the mac.
Yes it does. Like other MS products, it takes a while to load, but it does work well.
There was only one real difference for me and that was it included Outlook. If you go to the microsoft web page they have a chart that shows a comparison of all their Office products. It may help you make your decision on which one to buy. Also, I chose to buy the Office Suite instead of doing the Office 365. It may be cheaper for the first 2 yeas, but, after that you are loosing money, at least that is the way I figured it. If you do buy I suggest that you get the disk s it is always available and you have a less time consuming process than doing it on line. Especially, if you have a slow internet connection. I did my first attempt using a hotel internet, which ended up with an error. I went to the Apple Store, took a workshop and used their internet to download the Yosemite upgrade in 45 minutes.
Yes, call support. If you can't request to authentication transfer due to a hardware failure, they can help transfer your license.
With the question, I'm not sure what specifics you might be looking for but, this version has Excel, Outlook, Powerpoint, and Word. All have been very stable and worked very well with the MAC OS. I have done a number of presentations, spreadsheets, papers and I deal with a lot of email. It's been a great version for me.
Yes, I believe it can. Think there are some updates for MS Office.
I had downloaded this at purchase. You should be able to download the file from another computer put it in a flash drive then install. You do need internet access for activation though.
I found this on Microsoft's website: You can download Office for Mac 2011 in the language of your choice by clicking the link below, clicking Get Started, and providing your Office 2011 product key: Office for Mac 2011 | Download Site (http://www.microsoft.com/mac/office-2011-digital-download) It is not possible to change the language of the Office for Mac user interface (menu items, buttons, or other interface elements) or Help content without reinstalling the software. Language packs and language interface packs are not available at this time. If you have already installed Office for Mac and you wish to use it in a different language, you'll need to completely remove Office from your Mac and then install it using the download site mentioned above.
You don't. That's why I sent my software back.
I don't know. Could never get software to open. I purchased software but it only had trial version key to open. Contacted support and was given another key code that when plugged in said I needed to purchase a license to run the software. Did you get yours to work or are you looking to buy? If you haven't bought it yet I would say don't.
yes. it works well for my bar.
You don't. That's why I sent my software back.
I don't know. Could never get software to open. I purchased software but it only had trial version key to open. Contacted support and was given another key code that when plugged in said I needed to purchase a license to run the software. Did you get yours to work or are you looking to buy? If you haven't bought it yet I would say don't.
yes. it works well for my bar.
Okay, so here is the deal. Dragonframe works only with certain cameras. Keeping that in mind, there are A LOT of them (the full list is here: http://www.dragonframe.com/camera.php) Regardless of what kind of camera you buy, your going to have to spend AT LEAST a couple hundred dollars. Because Dragonframe is a program used by professionals in the industry, most people who usually buy Dragonframe are also people who are working professionally. Since your boy is 12 years old, you won't have to by him a $45,000 dollar camera BUT a camera (much like a car) is an investment. So spending $100-300 realistically isn't going to probably happen. Keeping that in mind, here are some things to consider. Obviously as with most things, newer models are going to cost more. A 5D Mark ii is going to be cheaper than the Mark iii for example. I'd recommend sticking with the Canon camera or maybe the web cameras. The web camera's are really tricky because you can buy something that looks like it's going to deliver but then not. Something else to remember is that with many camera's, the lens that use is really going to impact the quality of images you take. The body's of the cameras basically set up your limitations, what it can or can't do. The lenses are adaptable because each lens works in a different way. Of course, the nicer the lens the more expensive usually. Most Canon cameras also come with the lenses when you buy them. Make sure you know your getting a lens if you buy online. Most of the other camera's on the list (the blackmagics and others) are the "professional professional" meaning your going to spend at least, AT LEAST $10,000 on them. I'd recommend looking into, for you - and of course this is just my opinion BUT - the Canon EOS 60D, Canon EOS 500D, and the Canon EOS Digital Rebel T3i. The T3i is sort of like the "professional camera" before it made it to professional (if that makes sense.) It's going to give you some pretty good range for the most part and it won't cost you an arm and a leg. If you go to an animation school and are studying stop motion animation, you use these cameras for your assignments. Something to consider? I'd really, really, REALLY strongly urge and recommend printing out the list and bringing it to a camera shop somewhere near you and talking with someone. They'll be able to give you the ultimate rundown on what they think you should do. Anyway, I hope this helped. I'm a film student so I've been exposed to all sorts of cameras and machinery relating to both film shooting and animation, so of course my opinion is going to biased but I hope this helped. Your kids are very lucky.
Yes...you will have to update dragonframe 3 to the current version of 3.5, which is a free update
Yes. The install disc contains both the Windows and Mac version.
Hi Paul, I bought this for my son so I'll check with him!
Try this link http://www.dragonframe.com/downloads/
I would go to their site and look at the list of supported cameras. I got the Rebel T3 because all the others were VERY expensive.
You should definitely invest in an actual editing suite as well...Dragonframe is primarily for stop motion alone...but you will need an editing software anyway if you plan on adding any kind of post visual effects, color grading, or puppet wire removal. Hope I helped
Yes. I did!
I purchased Dragonframe and used one of my web cam. Take shots while moving the image, edit and modify the image, replay the takes, now you a stop motion movie.
Possibly, Dragon Frame is very good a but rather complex. You could get the similar effect with Stop motion Pro which is easier to use but a bit more pedestrian.
Nothing just put the chip in . I think I had to go I to the set up on the GPS and change country in start up settings . We always rent one from car rental people . We were glad to buy the chip and bring our own and what's really great is the addresses will be saved for our next trip to Costa Rica good luck !! Mac
I'm assuming it doesn't work anymore and you need to buy another one. I haven't tried since I was there less than 30 days. I think you can pay more for a long term one but roads are constantly being built so unless you're going back soon, 30 day one is good.
A Nuvi? Not sure. Aak the seller on their website.
I used GPS map with 30 days licence for Costa Rica at Garmin nuvi 700 and it worked good. For other GPS i do not know.
The 30 days begins when you plug it in and start to use it. The license is on a separate SD card.
It should. As long as you have a ad slot in your GPS, it will load and go. Used it last winter and it was awesome. Would not drive all over without it
I used it with my nuvi, but I don't know the model number...it worked great!
You can put your own recipes in this software. I did a cookbook for my children a few years ago and also put most of the recipes from it onto my Cook'n. you can also make your own cookbook from the software but at the time i found it easier to use MS Publisher. I need to do another printing because i have gotten many more requests for it, so may try it this time from Cook'n and see if it's easier with version 10. But it is a good place to organize all of your own family recipes.
Your recipe database is located on your computer.
No, this is not correct. The software gives you the option of entering specific brand information when entering a recipe but it is not required. If you add new ingredients to the ingredient list, you also have the option of entering the corresponding Brand information but it is not required. FYI...the Brand information is used by the software to compute nutrition facts, estimate grocery shopping costs, and so forth. One of the neat things about Cook'n is that you can actually switch from one brand to another and get a different nutritional result. This makes it possible for you to "healthify" a recipe by simply changing brands. It's pretty powerful that way.
Version 10 I think It was such a waste of space I uninstalled it. It seems like - since I registered with them online - I got a product offering email from them about 'new features'. So there's probably a newer version. I have the Food Network App on my iPhone now and it has everything my wife and I need for cooking for parties with friends, holidays, etc. Hope that helps. Mountainwestman
The way I used it is this..scan your recipe. Access Cook'n. Hit the scan feature. Choose the recipe that you scanned from my scans. When the recipe shows up on the left, you highlight the item...i.e. "name", the in the box that has the functions, click name and it show up on the line for name. Do the same for description, ingredients and directions. Very easy. I love this feature. This option is available with Cook'n 11.
Absolutely. I asked the company that question myself before buying it. Yes, it works well with Windows 8. You will love it.
Yes it is. There is a video on the Cook'n website that you can watch to see how to use it. I love it because: I can import recipes from other sites. I can add my own in a "cookbook" that I create in the program into which I can add my own recipes. You will receive a monthly newsletter with recipes and other information. You can easily click on any of those recipes and then import those into Cook'n's recipe book.
Yes it does.
Yes, with the new 11 version of Cook'n! I saw it happen!
I have a Mac and I don't know but I do know that the Cook'n people will answer your question if you email them.
State E Files have NEVER been free, and I have been using this for a decade. The option for fed free e-files have been there for years. Besides with all the printer paper I have, I don't mind spending 4 stamps (for my 2 and my senior age Dad's 2)
I was wondering the same thing. Would like to get started on our taxes and have used this product for several years. I have the disk from H & R Block but it's 44.95 through the CD.
Not to embarrass you, but the CD version was posted on the same day as the downloadable copy. They have both been available since before Christmas. In the software selection of the search engine put the title in and you will see it.
Still there, but not to embarrass you 1) you are commenting on the downloadable version, check the CD copy. 2) Amazon does not generally read these posts.
yes, the box version has a CD-ROM which loads onto your computer. I have used the computer version on my PC a few times and there's little difference from the internet version other than appearance. However, you will not be able to chat online with other learners, or play games online with other learners. You can still play games on the computer version. My version SEEMS to suggest that I can load up to five learners on one version, but I haven't tried. Thus a learner would logon and the program would take the learner to where he/she left off. Each learner can proceed at their own pace (I think.) Four or five learners might replace the online chat feature. Good luck!
Yes, or the southwest where so many Spanish-speaking people live and work.
I have used Rosetta Stone (pricey), duolingo.com & udemy.com. I think udemy is the best but there's no oral component and it starts off very slow for someone who already knows the basics. If you already speak well, then you could probably skip some and do fine. Duolingo is completely free, but I had trouble with the speaking part. If you don't need this, and are just looking for a review, this would probably be your best bet.
yes
If they have your login information yes
Since I don't have your computer in front of me I can't say. The people at Rosetta can and will be able to help you. After installing my version I had to do a system recovery. It took out the program when I did it. The Rosetta folks re-installed it for me on line. They should help you too. The program is often a one time install to prevent it being passed around.
Absolutely! It is for English speakers who want to learn Spanish
Yes it is much cheaper that way
Yes
I would choose something else. This is an immersion approach and will not follow normal Spanish classes which teach grammar. In addition, I did not like the user graphic interface.
This device come with three RCA jacks- white, yellow, and red. You need to attach these connectors to your VCR via a separately purchased set of wires.. The wire is NOT included for this. Then the device itself plugs into a USB port.
You can do both, directly to DVD or the computer. If you record your VHS directly to DVD you can not edit the recording. If you do your recording to the computer you can edit the movie (Enhancing the color, bright & contrast, etc). That means that your movie wil looks a lot better.
yes yes it will work with windows 8
Tv doesn't matter . Video input from vcr to dongle on laptop is what is utilized . Video is played to the hard drive on computer , edited and then burned using a dvd burner on the cpmuter Tony B
You need the standard cords that you use to connect the VCR to the TV. Other than that, the package contains the software you need and it works pretty good. It starts easy enough - turns itself off when the movie ends - and allows you to trim the dead time off the front and end of the movie before translating it. Good stuff.
Yes. I record to the hd and them move to other devices but u believe there's an option to go direct to DVD. Regardless each movie is an individual file which you can delete. Also recommend maybe you burn two DVDs before you delete if you go through the time to record it.
I encountered the same problem after I had transferred about 15 tapes. I cleaned the recorder/playback heads and that seemed to help but still was not right...so, I had another recorder that was not as old as the one I had been using and it worked great. Try cleaning the recorder/play back heads.
Yes.
I use this on Windows 8.1 with no problems. Windows actually recognized it and installed the drivers for it automatically. I just had to install Roxio for the copying and editing.
Yes that is what I have on my laptop and used it to convert a bunch of VHS to DVD.
This device come with three RCA jacks- white, yellow, and red. You need to attach these connectors to your VCR via a separately purchased set of wires.. The wire is NOT included for this. Then the device itself plugs into a USB port.
You can do both, directly to DVD or the computer. If you record your VHS directly to DVD you can not edit the recording. If you do your recording to the computer you can edit the movie (Enhancing the color, bright & contrast, etc). That means that your movie wil looks a lot better.
yes yes it will work with windows 8
Tv doesn't matter . Video input from vcr to dongle on laptop is what is utilized . Video is played to the hard drive on computer , edited and then burned using a dvd burner on the cpmuter Tony B
You need the standard cords that you use to connect the VCR to the TV. Other than that, the package contains the software you need and it works pretty good. It starts easy enough - turns itself off when the movie ends - and allows you to trim the dead time off the front and end of the movie before translating it. Good stuff.
Yes. I record to the hd and them move to other devices but u believe there's an option to go direct to DVD. Regardless each movie is an individual file which you can delete. Also recommend maybe you burn two DVDs before you delete if you go through the time to record it.
I encountered the same problem after I had transferred about 15 tapes. I cleaned the recorder/playback heads and that seemed to help but still was not right...so, I had another recorder that was not as old as the one I had been using and it worked great. Try cleaning the recorder/play back heads.
Yes.
I use this on Windows 8.1 with no problems. Windows actually recognized it and installed the drivers for it automatically. I just had to install Roxio for the copying and editing.
Yes that is what I have on my laptop and used it to convert a bunch of VHS to DVD.
the difference for me is only the color correction. is basic
Here's the link to Avid's website listing system specifications for Media Composer (MC 7 anyway): http://www.avid.com/US/products/media-composer/specifications.
The program was bought for my college-student son. Thus he registered it. It seemed that there were perhaps two medium-length forms to fill out on the Avid web site. When the last one was submitted, the verification seemed immediate. I do not recall any long delays and was in the room as the software was being registered.
If you one who bothers to read the manual, the designs are useful. However some Complex designs are difficult without the manual! I used it on a Brother, not a Janome. Hope this helps.
The System Requirements on the back say "Supports: Windows 7, Vista, XP (32-bit or 64-bit)" You could contact Buzz Tools at Buzztools.com to see if it will work with Windows 8 or not.
Yes, I have a Brother and it will output a file in PES format (which is what my machine takes). There is also PEC format, which I believe some Brother units use.
Simple clip art can be digitized using this software
Buzz Tools software is licensed to an individual for use on their computer (or computers). Therefore, you may install your software on two computers as long as you are the only person using the program. The answer to BOTH of these questions must be YES: 1. Do you own the computer you want to own the software? 2. Are you the only person using the software on the computer that you own? It would not be acceptable to install the program on another computer for use by a "friend" even if they are not using it at the same time you are. If you have a small business or education facility, please contact the sales department for a commercial use license.
No, BuzzEdit does not convert photographs to embroidery. Another Buzz Tools product called Buzz-2-Stitches does convert photographs to embroidery, although it works best with simpler graphics like clipart.
Tajima, dst is on the save as drop down menu.
You will need to buy the lettering software
Yes
The digitizing is limited to simple type designs such as basic clip art shapes as it's a pinpoint trace style, but you can edit/resize any design in this software.
On the box it says DVD-ROM Win/Mac/Linux. The install instructions state for installing Mac OS X, no particular subset of it. There are free version 6.x upgrades on the internet for the program, per the box notes. If you go to www.guitar-pro.com it may have more specifics.
The computer I installed it to is Windows 7, but I recently upgraded it online to windows 8 and works just fine, so I don't think you'd have problems.
Seems to me it came with some instructions, yes. Not a whole lot tho.
The newest version seems to work fine on both Windows 8 and XP for me
Yes
Windows XP, Vista, Windows 7, Or Ubuntu MIDI: Intel Pentium 4 / RSE: Intel Core 2 Duo 2.4ghz MIDI: 1GB of RAM / RSE: 2GB of RAM MIDI: 256GB of HDD space / RSE: 2GB DVD drive, soundcard. Mac OS X 10.4 or later MIDI: Intel Processor / RSE: Intel Core 2 Duo 2.4ghz MIDI: 1GB of RAM / RSE: 2 GB of RAM MIDI: 256GB of HDD space / RSE: 2GB DVD drive.
I am sorry that I brought this for my son.
In the license agreement, it says one portable and one desk top. I'm assuming that Microsoft thinks one student will have both.
Yes, it does.
It's my understanding that Microsoft will have to verify that you're a student or teacher. They way they do that is by verifying your ".edu" email address. From what I understand, they will then send you your product key to that address.
You have to be a student or faculty at a post-secondary school, so I think you should be able to get it. If you have an e-mail with a .edu domain, you should be set. See eligibility requirements at http://office.microsoft.com/en-us/university/microsoft-office-university-2010-frequently-asked-questions-HA102802367.aspx?CTT=1
I activated Microsoft Office University 2010 a week after office 2013 was released without any problems and via windows 8. Microsoft fully supported this product install. Hope this helps.
Yes
You must have a university email (example@email.vccs.edu). The code to activate this product is not included with this item. Microsoft will email that code to a university email and without you will NOT be able to activate your software, deeming it absolutely useless.
This version is too powerful for a fourth grader. A better option would be an Office 365 subscription.
No, I didn't. Sorry. ....I wish I could help.
If I remember I had to enter the school code (it is a number for the school) I am sure you can get it from their tech support.
yes, it has 2 licenses for 2 mac computers, not tablets or phones. Just laptops or desktops
Yes they are, or at least as far as I know. I've been using the Mac Office to work on PC office files for a good year now, and I have never had a compatibility issue. If you are still worried about it, you can always save in an older format using compatibility mode.
Files created in office for Mac should be compatible with files created in office for windows and vice versa. There may be differences in how some things are formatted between the two versions (PowerPoint is especially prone to moving or resizing pictures or slightly changing background colors), but files created in one will open in the other.
Yes, you do need a school email, or something that end "edu."
No limited subscription, but you do have to have a university affiliation (e-mail address) to activate. Will only have to update when the new version comes out if you want to make the upgrade (about every 5 years?).
I use this version and love it for the price. I needed publisher and other programs that aren't included in the office version. The older version is just fine.
I am still using the program and am no longer in school. So, I would assume so.
The University version has a discounted price and requires you to register with a university/college affiliated e-mail address or select a university affiliation.
Only if you use an Exchange Server for your email.
I have only used office mac for university, so cannot really say if there is much difference as compared to home/ school mac.But its a good deal. Also you might want to check some Excel functions that i found were missing and i had to download them using Excel Stat plus which is free to download.
You have to contact PERRLA and they will send you the link to download to a MAC
Yes it can!
It may not. My experience was not what i had expected when i purchased it a couple if years ago. Micro 13 has the proper setting just go with that and save ur $
Yes, Perrla has made my college paper much better, yes i will. i LOVE IT. My daughter just started college and this was one of my gift to her. I Hope this helped
Dear Patty, As far as I know, this is a Microsoft Windows product. However, you may contact PERRLA Customer Support to verify if they have a Mac version of this product. The customer support link is http://www.perrla.com/ContactSupport.aspx Best,
Have you purchased the product? If so, you should have a key and be directed through the registration options. If not, let us know and we'll try to figure out what's going wrong for you.
yes!
When you purchase the program you will be able to get all updates/latest versions for APA or MLA.
I bought it for the same reason and it didn't work. I'm sure it's great if you write your paper right into it, but alas, not useful if you need to import already written documents.
If your version includes APA 6 it is the latest version/upgrade. Good luck with your writing!
I was not able to use any of this program
Sorry, I returned 20 for v.21. It would depend on the stats you need to run whether it is appropriate for your project.
I was able to install it on the first computer (my computer), but I was not able to install it on my friends. I was going to split it with a friend from school, but just gave up when she wasn't able to install it on her computer.
Yes
That doesn't appear to be an option. If they are obstructing your ability to see the routes driven, zooming in the map might be helpful.
It shows the exact spot on the map. You can zoom down to street view too. Same with harsh breaking, etc.
Yes, but you might want to cover the white "MotoSafety" logo with black electrical tape. Once installed it may be visible as you enter the car, but if blacked out it is not so noticeable.
DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS ITEM, YOU CAN BUY A BETTER GPS THAT USES ANY CELLULAR SIM CARD AND YOU HAVE CONTROL OVER EVERYTHING. THIS IS A TOTAL WASTE OF MONEY. ALSO IF YOU BUY IT, AND JUST WANT TO TRY IT OUT AND YOU DON'T LIKE IT? YOU HAVE ALREADY ACTIVATED IT, AND WOULD HAVE TO PAY TO TURN IT OFF AND SHUT DOWN YOUR ACCOUNT. If you are tracking teenagers, they can just unplug it like nothing and throw it out the window and it's gone forever.
No. Only speeding, acceleration and "harsh braking". Note that you have to define what speeding is and you have two categories to work with: 1)"Highways" and 2)"smaller roads". For each of those categories you set the speed limit (e.g., 70 mph for Highway) and the sensitivity you want (e.g., send an alert if 15 mph over). I'm not really sure how highway and smaller roads are determined. You can also set how/if you want to receive alerts....by text, email or just view them when you pull up a report. I've chosen the latter. The iphone app is helpful and I check it very frequently...mostly eliminating the need for push alerts.
Newer cars have an onboard driving port located under the steering column. I found mine by searching the model of my car and determining where the OBD port was located
I believe it requires the subscription from MotoSafety, but I'm not 100% sure.
As long as your vehicle has an obd2 diagnostic plug in. Or to make it easier to understand it will work on any 1996 or newer vehicle.
No, it just stops sending signals.
When a device is unplugged, it is receiving no power so it is impossible for the unit to send an alert. However, you will stop seeing any tracking data for a device that has been unplugged. You can, however, receive an alert when a device is reconnected. This provides a good system for monitoring disconnected devices
If you don't have an OBDII port you'll need to use the wired device. The plug in is only compatible with light to medium duty vehicles 1996 and newer (which are required to have an OBDII port)
Yes. You can go on the Linxup website and find out exactly, but month to month billing is $24.99 while it is a bit cheaper if you sign up for a yearly contract, just like cell phone service. Hope this helps.
Sorry the devices will only work in the US
2001 - YES 1993 - NO (doesn't have an OBD II port to plug the device into)
Sorry the devices will only work in the US
No
yes you do there is a monthly fee involved it's approximately 23 dollars a month but I can assure you for peace of mind it's a excellent product and gives a lot of information
Sorry the device will only work in the US
Sorry the device will only work in the US
Yes - the packaging & titling of Fluenz products differentiates between Spain and "Latin America". I cannot speak for the "Spanish - Latin America" variant, but the host / instructor for this product is a native of Spain and makes several distinctions (which he is quite passionate about) between Spanish and other Spanish-variants. The pronunciation of "gracias" (grah-THEE-ahss) would be but one example. I've found it to be quite enjoyable.
5 dvds, 5 audio cds you can put in you player, no book i m afraid
I believe you need to install the CD in order to set yourself up with an acct with Fluenz. After the setup of the acct you will have access to the lessons online and on iPod/iPhone/iPad app.However if you would like to contact Fluenz Support you can by emailing usersupport@fluenz.com. The reps will be happy to answer your questions. They are very quick to respond and very friendly. Good luck! You'll love the program if you decide to get it.
You can activate the program on up to 3 personal computers. You have the ability to either run from the disc, or install to hard drive.
Katherine, if memory serves I believe the license is for up to three (3) different computers. They also have an iPhone app now that is very convenient though you will need either wifi or a cellular signal to access the content on your phone.
Hi Randy, We understand that Android is a priority and we're working hard on developing the app. Please bear in mind that because Android Apps have to support so many different devices it takes work to get it right. We're aiming to have the Android App out to you before the end of the year and hopefully sooner.
don't worry, software is always updated for free !
No, I don`t have them & find they are not necessary.
Depends what you're willing to put into it. From my own experience, I completed one to two lessons a day for a little over 60 days in advance of a language test. Keep in mind that I took Spanish in high school and two semesters in college but didn't really use it after that, so it had been over 10 years. On a six point scale where 0 indicates no knowledge, 3 is considered fluent and 5 is a native speaker, I tested at a 2 in Speaking, 2 in Listening Comprehension and 2+ in Reading. I think if you are willing to put in at least 60-90 days with this program in Spanish, you can get to a level of proficiency where you can travel comfortable in a Spanish speaking country and get yourself around as well as carry on a basic conversation. If you have some base in the language and can put in more than 90 days with this program and practice with someone who is a native speaker, you can get to fluency within 6-9 months. Hands down, there is no better language program on the market!
Yes
try changing the settings on your computer. start at the print preview. I have also found that if i start on a page (i have windows) as a letter, attach the picture in the body of the letter, i can then change the size, location, and even the horizontal, vertical dimensions. let me know if that works for you.
Not that I am aware of.
Hi, it does help you remove blemish when you used the proper setting, it is difficult to fix a picture that is taking by a cell phone. With regular camera everything is easy to do. I like using this software.
Dear Peter B, AfterShot Pro supports RAW files for not only your Nikon 700, but for almost every Nikon, Canon, Olympus, Pentax, Samsung, Sony, Panasonic, Leica, Minolta, Kodak, Ricoh RAW images, and even Fuji X100, and all Tiff and JPEG images. For a complete list, you can go to Corel's website, and on their Support- Knowledgebase you will find a complete listing for RAW images for AfterShot Pro. I hope this answers your question. All The Best To You, Maren
You have to use an "outside editor" to do that.
I am not sure about that, I do know you can make them with Corel Draw products including Photo Paint and Graphics Suite. Some pretty good info can be found on the Corel website itself and shooting them a quick email should get you a definite answer quickly. Good luck! Cheers! Marty G
Yes. I have had no problems with it.
There is a plugin for AfterShot Pro that you can download and install called "zFrame". According to its description this plug-in draws up to five frames around an image. Each frame can be set with different size and color. I haven't used it so I can say how well it works or how robust it is. From just the description it seems to have limited capabilities, especially when compared against the Framing feature in PaintShop Pro. I don't know what you mean by a "background program" so I can't address that part of your question.
Yes it is. I use it with Win7, 64bit, no problems at all.
I emailed the seller and asked questions.
unknown if there will be an update of the codes
I returned this software because it didn't work properly. It was for single physician use.
I'm not sure which version of the software you might need, but they provide a conversion program (at least in the Mac version) and if I recall correctly I had to run the conversion program on my PC to produce a file which the Mac version could read.
You can sync (upload) to ancestry.com and make it a private tree, meaning that only those you invite can see (they may need to have an ancestry account, not sure if it has to be a paying account). You can also export to a gedcom file, but would still need to have some type of software to open it. Lastly, you could use the "publish" function to create a variety of charts (ex: pedigree, descendent, etc) or word type documents, but these will have a limited number of people and information on them. You can also use the publish function to create a "book" which you can actually have published via My Canvas. I believe you can invite people to see the online versions, but am not positive.
One is supposed to be able to do that, but I have not been able to complete that task.
I would be monumentally surprised if it does. It doesn't even work as advertised on my new Mac as it is advertised to do. I strongly suggest you google the issue. Here is an ancestry.com blog about the ipad having the same problems as the macs.http://boards.ancestry.com/topics.software.acomttg/30.2.2/mb.ashx
I'm sorry I'm not going to be of help to you. I purchased the the Rosetta Stone French for my nephew that was moving to France, we had to return it because we were not able to install it.
The main Rosetta Stone product in this package is an interactive program, which runs only on Windows or Mac. However, this R.S. package also includes "Audio Companion", which are audio-only CD's that I guess you could "rip" to your iPod. (In addition, some R.S. packages include "TOTALe", which includes apps for Android and iOS.)
Yes, the only computer that the package went through was a Windows 8! I have used Windows 8 to get me through Level 4, and I intend to use it again for Level 5.
I don't know what Totale is, so I'm guessing it didn't come with this version. Also, unless you have had some French I think Rosetta Stone is hard.
I didn't have any problems but I didn't run an update.
Yes, it will work on Windows 8 32/64 bit machines.
No This does not work on a MAC. It is PC only. - Enodare Support Team
If you read further down, it states *** not valid in Louisiana ***
Yes, it can be downloaded from http://www.amazon.com/Will-Writer-Planning-Software-Download/dp/B00JH12W3G/ref=sr_1_19?ie=UTF8&qid=1409565653&sr=8-19&keywords=enodare
No This does not work on a MAC. It is PC only. - Enodare Support Team
The terms of the software states that will writer is intended for you and your immediate family, civil partne, etc. It's not for commercial use outside the immediate family.
I and my wife have used the software to create our wills, medical directives, and powers of attorney. We did not encounter any limitation on the number of times the program could be used.
Yes, it works with Windows 8. I have been using it on Windows 8 for almost a year and have not had any issues with compatibility.
It's the full-version, the serial number is tied to your amazon account.
You have to provide the serial number to unlock. Click on start trial, then it will tell you there's a newer version. Download, install and run the new version. Then enter the serial number (which should show under the product name in your software library on Amazon.
Okay, after a bit of frustration, I got mine to work (same problem). I clicked on the "start the 30 day trial". After doing that, it pops up a box that says I have an outdated version and an option to click on a link to get the updated version through Corel. I clicked on that, chose my operating system and downloaded the update. After install, the same box pops up to register the product and it worked.
If you're talking about the dialog form box that pops up when you install Aftershot Pro, when it asks for "License Name", it's asking for your name. You can enter whatever you want there. The "Serial Number" box must match the serial number you got in the email.
I don't think it includes the Linux version. I bought this about 2 months ago, and the PC version downloaded from Amazon was slightly older than the latest one that's now available on Corel's website. Latest version is 1.2.0.7, and it's available for download directly from Corel (http://www.corel.com/corel/pages/index.jsp?pgid=800161&ppid=4300004). I purchased through Amazon but did not install Amazon's version. I got the license key from Amazon, then downloaded the latest version directly from Corel (the latest version 1.2.0.7 is a full installer package), installed it and entered my license key to activate the latest version. I'd be surprised if you couldn't do the same with the Linux RPM or DEB installer.
Yes, it works with Windows 8. I have been using it on Windows 8 for almost a year and have not had any issues with compatibility.
It's the full-version, the serial number is tied to your amazon account.
You have to provide the serial number to unlock. Click on start trial, then it will tell you there's a newer version. Download, install and run the new version. Then enter the serial number (which should show under the product name in your software library on Amazon.
Okay, after a bit of frustration, I got mine to work (same problem). I clicked on the "start the 30 day trial". After doing that, it pops up a box that says I have an outdated version and an option to click on a link to get the updated version through Corel. I clicked on that, chose my operating system and downloaded the update. After install, the same box pops up to register the product and it worked.
If you're talking about the dialog form box that pops up when you install Aftershot Pro, when it asks for "License Name", it's asking for your name. You can enter whatever you want there. The "Serial Number" box must match the serial number you got in the email.
I don't think it includes the Linux version. I bought this about 2 months ago, and the PC version downloaded from Amazon was slightly older than the latest one that's now available on Corel's website. Latest version is 1.2.0.7, and it's available for download directly from Corel (http://www.corel.com/corel/pages/index.jsp?pgid=800161&ppid=4300004). I purchased through Amazon but did not install Amazon's version. I got the license key from Amazon, then downloaded the latest version directly from Corel (the latest version 1.2.0.7 is a full installer package), installed it and entered my license key to activate the latest version. I'd be surprised if you couldn't do the same with the Linux RPM or DEB installer.
The Epson Smart Panel 4.0 is Windows XP compatible. Scanning directly to a word doc is not a feature with the software.
Useless
The Epson Smart Panel 4.0 is Windows 7, 64bit compatible. You may still need to download the scanner TWAIN driver for the 64bit operating system from the Epson website. You can also download the trial version from our website and see how well it works for you. It will be under the free download section at www.newsoftinc.com.
The Epson Smart Panel 4.0 comes with PageManager 9 SE for users to be able to scan and OCR (edit) literature.
Yes -- don't know about Windows8 though.
Roots Magic is a standalone program and is not connected with Ancestry.com but is put out by the people at Familysearch.org. You can import your family tree data from earlier versions of RootMagic, some versions of Family Tree Maker, some version of Family Origins, or is the file is a GEDCOM format. I was a subscriber to Ancestry and when the "lease" was done, I downloaded all the data into a GEDCOM file and imported that directly into Roots Magic. It was seamless.
I imported from Family Tree maker sucessfully.. I always make sure to do a back-up before I do any importing or other changes to my data. Hope this helps.
It will connect you to FamilySearch, a free site. I have a subscription to Ancestry.com, which I prefer. You input the data found yourself either way.
As Mary said, when you enter a person, you select their sex. Then you make a marriage match between the two people you want. In short, yes, it does cover same sex marriage.
I don't know about Kindle Fire, but i got a free version of Roots Magic for my ipad... I surpose it would if your kindle except apps...
I am sorry to say ,I am not sure ... I have been away from the work for awhile , and have not had a chance to try it with windows 8.
Roots magic 5 is 32 and 64 bit compatible
http://rootsmagic.com/mac/ Do RootsMagic, Personal Historian, Family Atlas, or your other products run on a Mac? Yes - but with help. In fact, we have many happy Mac users of our family tree software. However, all of our software is currently designed to run on Windows operating systems. That's where "the help" comes in. What do you mean by "Help"? All Macs built since 2006 use the same microprocessors as Windows PCs. This means that you can install the Windows operating system on your Mac and run any Windows software. There are also other non-Windows options available. Do RootsMagic, Personal Historian, Family Atlas, or your other products run on a Mac? Yes - but with help. In fact, we have many happy Mac users of our family tree software. However, all of our software is currently designed to run on Windows operating systems. That's where "the help" comes in.
Mr. Tantillo, I say it is easier than older database systems, but it is powerful and has a learning curve that can get very steep at times. The starter solutions would probably help get you started but you will have to educate yourself to many of its features. If you are familiar with scripting and design this program makes any task easy. but don't get into this if you are a true novice. Paul
I can't say. I would not personally purchase an older version of the product. You're better off getting a license for the latest version. http://cimbura.com/tech/2013/10/18/filemaker-licensing-made-easy/
Yes, I think so...If you want multiple copies you are better off purchasing a volume license directly from FileMaker or an FileMaker Business Alliance partner in your area. There are many options to fit budgets.
This would include a CD
Sorry, I can not help with this request.
You need to purchase 1 copy of FileMaker client for each computer.
I transferred a DB from Omnis which is another database system, but I am sure you can also from Access. You just have to export the file and then import it into FileMaker. I usually use 'Tab-Delimited' export format (one of the common export options). Tab-Delimited will allow you to have commas and dashes and most special characters in your fields. FileMaker will create a DB with your fields when you import in the order they are exported. The only thing you might have to do is to go through each field and make the date type fit your data otherwise most fields will be considered text. Also, you might have to enter a name for each field. I was unfamiliar with FileMaker 12 when I bought it, but it only took me about 2 days (maybe 3 hours total work) to set up my DB and even build a screen that displayed the data the way I wanted it to appear.
Yes...FileMaker can be programmed to do nearly anything. If you can import it, you can write scripts to edit the data. - Tim Cimbura
No, but the information will be there if you increase the field size to allow for another line. You ca make the font smaller to allow for additional info.
Note: This is a single user copy of FileMaker, not a volume license...so it has no protection for new versions that come out. They would be purchased at full upgrade cost. http://cimbura.com/tech/2013/10/18/filemaker-licensing-made-easy/
This depends on whether you were required to purchase this program with a single computer license or a multi-computer license. If it was not mentioned then chances are you can download it as many times as you want to providing you still have access to it if it was an online purchase, if you bought the program on cd, then you should be able to download it onto as many computers as you wish, but I would always do the downloads from which ever location (IP address) you registered your software from. :), Hope this helps.
I can't get the darn thing to do anything. What I'm doing, is simply publishing everything to pdf, especially with pic books.
I think you can only get it included with WP X7. I called Corel, asking about the add-on and they sent me to a non-existent page. Methinks the ebook publisher is no longer available because it is included in SP7
LOL...have you figured out how to use it, or even Where it is at in WP?
I've spent about 6 hours so far trying to get it to work, no luck so far. Starting to think I wasted $10.
Yes it is. That's what I'm using it on.
The photos should be put saved on an SD card and then onto your computer.
yes, you can remove items from picture, it can be very hard to do
Yes it works fine with mine
its been a while and my copy is an older version, but i was really impressed with this software. not only can it crop, as far as slide shows are concerned it can do a "dynamic crop". for instance you can start with a photo of a young girl .. then zoom in to show only her new braces .. or you can start with an eyelash then slowly zoom out to expose the entire image .. in one case i used it to show my entire graduating class. it started with the left most few people then slowly moved along the photo (panned) showing more people until the end. a beautiful way to show a lot of information .. if you want to show a cropped image you can do that without even altering the picture itself .. it can also do fade in/ fade out and many other transitions. it can even save your original images in a special file so people can have them printed or send them to others. you might think this is very complex software and it is but they have managed to make it very usable and easy to figure out. just play with it for a while and i think you will be as amazed as i was .. for serious photo editing i use gimp or other very nice and complete photoshop like editing engines ..use those if you want to put your head on a body builders body. use Photostudio Expressions to make a really neat slide show DVD of it.
Dont know specifics
I don't know - got rid of software when I realized I couldnt layer photos.
Hello...You can as long as your files to convert ends with .bmp, .tga, .pcx , .tif or tiff. I'm not sure about anything else. Hope this helps.
Go to amazon and click in your accounts. There is an area where you store your downloaded files just click and reinstall. I saved mine to my computer but it is a hassle to reinstall from there so I just look for it in my amazon account. Hope this helps.
Its a very simple program and I couldn't figure that out. Haven't used it much.
Yes you would just need the midi to usb or whatever port is on your hardware could be usb to usb.
No, currently this is PC and Mac only.
I ordered this a few months back and they shipped a physical copy to me. By the way it's a great program and fun as well.
It runs on an Intel Mac.
I have a TD-6V that this works great with, and a MAC. However my MAC is older and I am not running Yosemite. So I cant answer the mac part, but the TD-6V is good to go.
It's only compatable with v drums.
Yes, I am running it on Windows 7.
Sadly I don't have the software installed on my Laptop any longer. It did not run full screen on that unit. But on my Surface it runs full screen no problem. If you have to go into properties and see if you can tell it to run at full screen.
The user manual says this software is "specifically designed for V-Drums; compatible with any Roland V-Drums kit." However, some users have reported on various forums that it works with Yamaha kits.
I am sorry I am a PC not a MAC But if you call Roland they can tell you the correct version that does run on the MAC. I know the one I have has a MAC installer but with your version I would hate to say yes and be wrong and have you pay for something you cannot use. CAGMisfits
Check the Scrivener web site for their latest policy for installing on multiple computers. I'm pretty sure if you buy for multiple operating systems, you'll have to pay separately.
If you have the Mac App Store version, updates are taken care of through the store. If you bought the program elsewhere (like on Amazon), you can go to the Scrivener--&gt;Check for Updates menu option. Also, in the Preferences (General pane), you can tell the program to automatically check for updates at a specified interval.
I haven't had a problem with crashing and backing up is simple. Also an auto save that refreshes every few minutes, so even if you forget, the program doesn't. It's a great program but does require a learning curve - but hey! doesn't everything? The really nice thing is the ability to have everything - links, thoughts, previous versions, character descriptions, timelines, etc. all in one place that is easily accessible.
I write in MS Word, and use Scrivener to convert to into mobi (kindle) format. I just copy and paste each chapter in. It will also give you PDF, EPUB and others. I know of some writers who write directly into Scrivener. It has tools to help you track characters and other continuity issues. You can also plan out the story omit, like a storyboard used in film making.
I've only used it for a few months and have just gotten by the learning curve, but Scrivener makes just a few auto corrections on it's own. However, that is a refreshing break from Word's incessant formatting and self-correcting when you don't want something rewritten, i.e. dialogue in a strange dialect or outlines. Scrivener will alert you to mispells, grammar screw-ups, et al with highlighted words and phrases, but you have to fix most of them yourself. i'm not sure about run on sentences yet. I am starting to like it better than Word, solely as a word processor. Learning curve is short, when in doubt, Google it.
I don't see why not. Once purchased you should be able to download the app from Amazon's servers to your new mac and use the same activation code that you originally obtained from Amazon.
Yes. Scrivener allows you to put a "placeholder" in your document that will allow you to compile the image into the document after it's printed. Go to GwenHernandez.com. She is a Scrivener expert and has an entire blogpost on how to do this.
I don't believe so. I have Scrivener for both Mac and Windows (two computers). Now, I have Word on the PC, but my impression is that Scrivener doesn't use it. Scrivener stores files in rtf, and then converts them to other file formats as requested. At least, that's what I understand it to be doing. So it should function just fine without Word. If you need to be sure, I would suggest downloading a trial version before buying.
Not sure on this, but you can try their customer support site, they are really good about answering questions. I believe they are compatible from hearsay, but have not done it personally. I do know you'll have to install Scrivener for Mac on your new machine, but the files should go over easy.
The short answer is: "When you purchase a licence for Scrivener, you automatically receive what we call a "household" licence for the platform you selected. What we mean by this is as follows: You can install and run Scrivener on any machines you own and of which you are the predominant user. You can install and run Scrivener on any machines based predominantly in your house and used by family members living with you. This only applies to machines running the platform covered by your licence (you cannot use a Mac serial number with the Windows version or vice versa, because the Mac and Windows versions are separate development efforts)." Go to: Literature and Latte technical support: http://www.literatureandlatte.com/support.php Scroll about half way down to "Multiple Registrations and Activation." After reading that, click the link in that section "registering multiple computers" (http://scrivener.tenderapp.com/help/kb/purchasing-and-installation/can-i-use-my-license-on-more-than-one-computer) and read the above quote and a few limitations - some of which do not make any sense to me. For example, "If your child is living away at university then he or she will need a separate license" and "If you own a laptop and a desktop, your husband (or wife, or partner) owns a laptop and your daughter has a desktop in her room, and all those machines are running Windows, then you just need a single Windows license." These seem to me to be mutually exclusive - unless the daughter is excluded from the family, i.e., husband and wife can active their copies and take their laptops where ever but the daughter can't? Or are they tracking the number of laptops activated? If tracking by IP address, I assume any activation at "home" would be allowed, absent multiple laptop issues. Whatever the case, it seems to me that an entire household can active separate copies without much objection - and - there are workarounds if multiple laptop activations are required. Finally, you will notice on the support page that it states, "Note that in some rare cases, you may exceed the activation limit through normal usage. If you feel your usage of the program is within the bounds set forth in the licence agreement, or suspect that your serial number has been compromised, contact us via e-mail so we can sort out your incident and get your software installed again." It seems to me that they are willing to give anyone the benefit of the doubt should activation issues ensue. I activated a desktop and laptop without any issues. Post back if you have other questions. Ed
Try the free to try for 30 days version at Literatureandlatte.com, That way you can see if you like it and it works for you.
When ever you click download it will give you what ever the current version is. The company will give you updates to fix bugs or add or improve on features. This isn't a program where once you download it you're stuck with that version while newer customers are getting a better product. Everyone will have the same version no matter when they bought it. I highly recommend this program for any writers out there. Do not over think it just click that download program.
Yes. Page breaks are easily incorporated. The program also will compile directly into formats for Kindle and/or Nook.
It imports documents from all the versions of Word that I have ( including 2010) with no problem whatsoever.
No. I wish it would. Windows computers or Apple computers only.
Yes. Scrivener is divided into three sections that cannot be deleted: Draft, Research, Trash. I tend to follow the Hero's Journey scheme for fiction and I rename the Draft folder to Manuscript. I then create sub-folders named after each of the scheme's divisions, e.g. ordinary world, crossing the first threshold, test, approach to the innermost cave, etc. Within each division I create yet other sub-directories in which I create various scenes, etc., etc., etc. Given that your composition is, in part, complete you have the option of pasting as a single block or you can break it up into chapters, scenes, incomplete ideas, a chunk of dialogue here or there, or as Act 1, Act 2, Act 3 - whatever - and place each part in its respective folder. When you complete your composition, Scrivener (at your command) automatically compiles the parts into manuscript form as you have arranged them in your folders/sub-folders. The beauty of this is that, at any time, you can arrange and rearrange the various scenes or chapters by dragging them to wherever you like within your composition without copy/paste actions. But yes, you can simply copy and paste your entire composition into one folder and utilize Scrivener's outlining capability and add to it ad lib. Ed
when you purchase this software you should receive an email with your activation key.
online for downloas. the online tutorial is awesome & makes writer want to get started immediately!
I use a PC. Scrivener was originally developed for the MAC and it gets raves. I love it on PC but apparently it can do much more on the MAC. I don't know anything about other programs nor the iMac.
From the Rootsmagic website: Do RootsMagic, Personal Historian, Family Atlas, or your other products run on a Mac? Yes - but with help. In fact, we have many happy Mac users of our software. However, all of our software is currently designed to run on Windows operating systems. That's where "the help" comes in. What do you mean by "Help"? All Macs built since 2006 use the same microprocessors as Windows PCs. This means that you can install the Windows operating system on your Mac and run any Windows software. There area also other non-Windows options available. How do I install Windows on my Mac? There are three products available that allow you to install Windows on your Mac: Apple Boot Camp, Parallels Desktop, and VMWare Fusion. There are also apps for ipad and related and android devices.
Yes, but I would be careful. The reason I didn't continue with Roots Magic was that all my gedcom files did not transfer. I had a lot of information in my files other than the basic birth, death etc....things of that nature. If you don't have a lot of notes, it should be okay. If you are like me and have a lot of notes etc. then I would be wary.
Thank you for your question. The Roots Magic website states that their software is Windows 8 compatible. http://www.rootsmagic.com/RootsMagic/ Platform: Windows Windows 8 / 7 / Vista / XP / 2000
Yes you can according to Roots Magic you can import data directly from Family Tree Maker
I decided to purchase version 6 with the book. I know it comes without the book as well. Since I am new to Rootsmagic I neeeded the manual. If you are familiar with Rootsmagic you probably don't require the manual.
I am pretty sure the answer is no, as most genealogy programs are built on the gedcom standard, which is a database. There is nothing on the rootsmagic help mentioning excel. You might be able to cut and paste information from your excel file to a rootsmagic person note, but I can't see anyway to automate the data entry process. You could contact the rootsmagic author Bruce Busby (sic) for his input.
Yes it is compatible with Windows 7. I do highly recommend getting the book too, it's well worth it. This program greatly surpasses any other type program is every way. Other programs have so many different verions depending on what you are doing which costs lots of money, but with Roots Magic it's one program to buy and does more than any other program. Very easy to use and it also comes with Roots Magic Go program, in which it allows you to put it on a flash drive to use when researching information at the library or other places where you cannot take the documents with you.
I am sorry I am not able to help with that question. I had no problem with that part when I had RM 6 installed. I would recommend contacting Roots Magic at This link: http://rootsmagic.com/help. They were very pleasant and willing to help when I did. They also were quick to respond. I didn't have to wait days for a response.
RootsMagic 6 is a stand alone program and has nothing to do with Ancestry.com. Ancestry.com is a genealogy resource in helping you find ancestors.
Yes
This is a boxed version. However, you can go to Adobe's website and download a free 30 day trial. Then when your disc upgrade arrives, just use the serial number to officially register it. I have never used the disc, but I like to have a copy in case I need to reinstall the program.
yes.
Yes, you need serial number of Lightroom 3 to upgrade.
When you install the Adobe Photoshop Lightroom 4 Upgrade, you be prompted to enter the serial number for a prior version of Lightroom (Lightroom 1, 2 or 3 will work) as well as the Lightroom 4 serial # that comes with the upgrade. When Lightroom 4 is installed, it does not overwrite an existing version of Lightroom that is on your system - so after installation you would have Lightroom 3 and Lightroom 4 on your system. Once you're comfortable with the newer version, feel free to uninstall the prior version if you choose. Jeffrey Tranberry Adobe Systems, Product Manager, Chief Customer Advocate
Lightroom 4.3 is an auto update that is available once you buy Lightroom 4.0. You will be prompted to update Lightroom after installation.
If you don't already own Lightroom, the upgrade option isn't available. You already have to have an ID in order to get this version.
no
Yes, if you convert the your proprietary raw files to DNG using the free Adobe DNG Converter. More detail here: http://adobe.ly/ACRandDNG
Yes. Your student teacher version is a qualified version for the upgrade. Jeffrey Tranberry Digital Imaging Product Development Adobe Systems, Product Manager, Chief Customer Advocate
I can't imagine why not. When I bought myself a new computer I just got my Lightroom disk out and loaded it up onto my new computer. But if you want to find out for sure, go to the Adobe site and ask.
This is a boxed version. However, you can go to Adobe's website and download a free 30 day trial. Then when your disc upgrade arrives, just use the serial number to officially register it. I have never used the disc, but I like to have a copy in case I need to reinstall the program.
yes.
Yes, you need serial number of Lightroom 3 to upgrade.
When you install the Adobe Photoshop Lightroom 4 Upgrade, you be prompted to enter the serial number for a prior version of Lightroom (Lightroom 1, 2 or 3 will work) as well as the Lightroom 4 serial # that comes with the upgrade. When Lightroom 4 is installed, it does not overwrite an existing version of Lightroom that is on your system - so after installation you would have Lightroom 3 and Lightroom 4 on your system. Once you're comfortable with the newer version, feel free to uninstall the prior version if you choose. Jeffrey Tranberry Adobe Systems, Product Manager, Chief Customer Advocate
Lightroom 4.3 is an auto update that is available once you buy Lightroom 4.0. You will be prompted to update Lightroom after installation.
If you don't already own Lightroom, the upgrade option isn't available. You already have to have an ID in order to get this version.
no
Yes, if you convert the your proprietary raw files to DNG using the free Adobe DNG Converter. More detail here: http://adobe.ly/ACRandDNG
Yes. Your student teacher version is a qualified version for the upgrade. Jeffrey Tranberry Digital Imaging Product Development Adobe Systems, Product Manager, Chief Customer Advocate
I can't imagine why not. When I bought myself a new computer I just got my Lightroom disk out and loaded it up onto my new computer. But if you want to find out for sure, go to the Adobe site and ask.
C you will just need to enter the registration key. Enjoy
Too many to address here. The short answer is that if you edit images one at a time and only need basic cataloguing capability, get Elements. It is very good image editor. On the other hand, if you need to be able to process, caption, keyword and catalogue large numbers of images simultaneously, get Lightroom. Lightroom handles 90% + of my processing needs, but lacks a few filters and layer features that Elements has that I find useful, so I use both. If I had to only own one, it would be Lightroom without question. Once you learn catalogue management it is a great program, and I really love that adjusted images don't have to be saved. Lightroom saves the adjustment recipe for each image, and these can be tweaked indefinitely without affecting the original image file or necessitating saving a copy of the adjusted image (this helps keep file management very clean and neat without multiple copies of images floating around). If you can only own one, best to download trial versions of both and try them before you buy. Most of the techniques you learn in one package will carry over fairly well to the other, so you won't be wasting much time if you decide against one on which you've invested time.
There is a world of difference and improvement between LR2 and LR4. That said, Lightroom 5 is now in Beta testing and will be released sometime in the next very few months. I would wait for that. LR5 will contain some actions that currently have to be accomplished by going out of LR into either Photoshop, Elements, or some other program. For the price, Lightroom is so far superior to anything else I can think of that I'd certainly upgrade. Besides, you'll get a price break since you already own LR2.
Yes you can legally install it on YOUR laptop and desktop both. If you ever take it off of one make sure tyou ust the programs uninstall.
Yes. http://helpx.adobe.com/creative-suite/kb/camera-raw-plug-supported-cameras.html
Vista? If you are referring to MS Vista, Lightroom 4 will run on Vista with Service Pack 2 according to the information on the box.
Lightroom 4 supports Vista 32bit - Although I highly recommend running Win 7 64bit. http://www.adobe.com/products/photoshop-lightroom/tech-specs.html http://helpx.adobe.com/lightroom/kb/optimize-performance-lightroom.html Lightroom is cross-platform and includes installers for both Mac and Win, so there isn't a specific version/license for Mac and Win.
Yes, it should run just fine. I am running it on a PC with a dual core approximately 2 GHz AMD processor , Windows VISTA SP2, 4 gigs of RAM and a much less powerful video board than yours.
You can use the keyword panel in the Library module to maintain and organize your keywords. More on Keywords from the Lightroom Manual: http://help.adobe.com/en_US/lightroom/using/WS25DB0AC8-EEDE-4246-B3FE-D20D128B5EB4.html
Yes. http://blogs.adobe.com/photoshopdotcom/2012/10/windows-8-and-photoshop.html
C you will just need to enter the registration key. Enjoy
Too many to address here. The short answer is that if you edit images one at a time and only need basic cataloguing capability, get Elements. It is very good image editor. On the other hand, if you need to be able to process, caption, keyword and catalogue large numbers of images simultaneously, get Lightroom. Lightroom handles 90% + of my processing needs, but lacks a few filters and layer features that Elements has that I find useful, so I use both. If I had to only own one, it would be Lightroom without question. Once you learn catalogue management it is a great program, and I really love that adjusted images don't have to be saved. Lightroom saves the adjustment recipe for each image, and these can be tweaked indefinitely without affecting the original image file or necessitating saving a copy of the adjusted image (this helps keep file management very clean and neat without multiple copies of images floating around). If you can only own one, best to download trial versions of both and try them before you buy. Most of the techniques you learn in one package will carry over fairly well to the other, so you won't be wasting much time if you decide against one on which you've invested time.
There is a world of difference and improvement between LR2 and LR4. That said, Lightroom 5 is now in Beta testing and will be released sometime in the next very few months. I would wait for that. LR5 will contain some actions that currently have to be accomplished by going out of LR into either Photoshop, Elements, or some other program. For the price, Lightroom is so far superior to anything else I can think of that I'd certainly upgrade. Besides, you'll get a price break since you already own LR2.
Yes you can legally install it on YOUR laptop and desktop both. If you ever take it off of one make sure tyou ust the programs uninstall.
Yes. http://helpx.adobe.com/creative-suite/kb/camera-raw-plug-supported-cameras.html
Vista? If you are referring to MS Vista, Lightroom 4 will run on Vista with Service Pack 2 according to the information on the box.
Lightroom 4 supports Vista 32bit - Although I highly recommend running Win 7 64bit. http://www.adobe.com/products/photoshop-lightroom/tech-specs.html http://helpx.adobe.com/lightroom/kb/optimize-performance-lightroom.html Lightroom is cross-platform and includes installers for both Mac and Win, so there isn't a specific version/license for Mac and Win.
Yes, it should run just fine. I am running it on a PC with a dual core approximately 2 GHz AMD processor , Windows VISTA SP2, 4 gigs of RAM and a much less powerful video board than yours.
You can use the keyword panel in the Library module to maintain and organize your keywords. More on Keywords from the Lightroom Manual: http://help.adobe.com/en_US/lightroom/using/WS25DB0AC8-EEDE-4246-B3FE-D20D128B5EB4.html
Yes. http://blogs.adobe.com/photoshopdotcom/2012/10/windows-8-and-photoshop.html
You need to download the package from Amazon which will contain the your serial number. You don't need to reinstall. You can simply enter your serial to activate the trial you already have installed.
No. It only works with Vista or Windows 7. I recommend the 64bit versions of those OSes. Jeffrey Tranberry Digital Imaging Product Development Adobe Systems, Product Manager, Chief Customer Advocate
Yes. Lightroom is cross platform. You can download the mac trial version from the Adobe website and use your serial # to activate it.
You con put it on future computers, just as long s you uninstall it from your previous computers and transfer the serial the new computer.
It is a standalone product. It is geared towards photo manipulation whereas Photoshop is a full blown digital compositing and composing solution.
Yes it will work with Windows 8. I'm not sure about the trial version but Amazon has great customer service, so you could do a quick instant message conversation with them .
Yes. Per the EULA, you can install Lightroom on up to two of your personal computers (e.g. a laptop and a desktop computer)
This is what the Adobe Lightroom site states: Subject to the terms of the software license agreement, the primary user of the computer on which Lightroom is installed may install a second copy of the software for his or her exclusive use on either a portable computer or a home computer, provided that the software is not used on both computers at the same time. Lightroom is sold as multiplatform software, which means it can be installed on either Mac OS X or Windows.
Per Adobe's EULA (End User License Agreement) You can download, install and use your serial number on up to 2 of your personal computers.
You can get the download any number of places including the Adobe site. The important thing is that you still have your activation key.
wondering the same thing! :/
Yeah, you get a registration key when you buy the software. :)
If you buy it on the Apple App Store I believe you can load it on up to 10 computers. Maybe it's five, but I know it's several. It's $149 on there.
It is not a direct conversion program. The program accepts AVCHD as an input, which you can then output to MPEG format with the "Share" option (that is how their menu system says "output"). So yes, it will work, but you have to put the input into the timeline and then export it. The program is really meant to take that AVCHD and make a video product out of it, rather than just convert the format.
I don't know but just Google "load from stream error". It looks like your answer is no.1.
Hi, I've purchased a box version and never encountered such a problem. There could be various reasons, a bad / slow internet connection, for example. I assume, while downloading the software, something went wrong. My suggestion is to contact the support team, by using their "chat" box. Someone should be able to help you right away. I've had a few questions in the past and always got help from someone at the tech dept. You can also check youtube. There are plenty of tutorials regarding video studio pro x topics.
I'm afraid I don't remember - it's been almost a year since we installed it.
Have been using the program successfully. Have had no problems with it, but there was a steeper learning curve than many programs to learn. Purchased book by marc bech to help me understand the program. One of the other reviewers recommended backing program on a regular basis to avoid losing work. A simpler program would be available from Applian Technologies, although it doesn't have the many capabilities as VideoStudio Pro.
Yes. All versions of VideoStudio Pro X5 are multilingual, supporting 12 languages -- including Russian. When you install VideoStudio Pro X5 or X6, it will automatically detect your Operating System language and install in that language. Supported languages in X5 are English, French, German, Dutch, Italian, Polish, Russian, Spanish, Brazilian Portuguese, Japanese, Traditional Chinese, and Simplified Chinese. X6 does not support Russian.
Hi Edward, yes, VideoStudio Pro X5 is available in Spanish. All versions of VideoStudio are multilingual, supporting 12 languages -- including Spanish. When you install VideoStudio Pro X5, it will automatically detect your Operating System language and install in that language. Supported languages in X5 are English, French, German, Dutch, Italian, Polish, Russian, Spanish, Brazilian Portuguese, Japanese, Traditional Chinese, and Simplified Chinese. X6 does not support Spanish.
Hi Arthur, Yep, that is not a problem! We actually allow our users to install a single license on up to two computers, as long as both computers are for the same individual. Thanks!
Yes, this is the latest, but it really doesn't matter because if you register they will send you the updates between new editions.
I presume that you mean a video capture, rather than a (still) screen capture. Yes, you can, including audio, though the quality will be reduced.
You may get a better price. I know that in other products like Micrsoft, if you're a student or in education, you get a 10% discount for software and hardware. You can contact the vendor directly.
I am certain you can purchase this product with a CD -- but I prefer the downloadable versions, so no disk --- just download the application and install it. I taught myself how to use it pretty fast. I really like this project --- far better than MS Paint. Once installed, all you have to do is click on the "Print Screen" and the Snagit Tool opens and you can capture whatever you want.
1 license.
Have no idea about it working with a Mac --- but it fouled my Windows7 OS to the point where I was ready to put my PC in the recycle bin Took me three days to figure out the conflict ---- and, when I did and deleted all traces of Snagit 11, my PC was perfect again. As I said, I have no idea about Mac compatibility. Good luck!
Yes you can snag anything to the editor the print and easily X out of that snagged image. You can play with profiles as well I bet to even make that easier
SnagIt cannot capture the actual letters in the text. It can capture a screen print of the text. If you could copy the actual text, you could also paste it into a SnagIt text box and edit it (but if you can do that, you can already paste it anywhere and edit it). So the short answer is, no.
Yep, a single license can be installed on up to two computers, as long as both installs are for the same individual. Thanks!
Hi Arthur, Yep, that is not a problem! We actually allow our users to install a single license on up to two computers, as long as both computers are for the same individual. Thanks!
Yes, this is the latest, but it really doesn't matter because if you register they will send you the updates between new editions.
I presume that you mean a video capture, rather than a (still) screen capture. Yes, you can, including audio, though the quality will be reduced.
You may get a better price. I know that in other products like Micrsoft, if you're a student or in education, you get a 10% discount for software and hardware. You can contact the vendor directly.
I am certain you can purchase this product with a CD -- but I prefer the downloadable versions, so no disk --- just download the application and install it. I taught myself how to use it pretty fast. I really like this project --- far better than MS Paint. Once installed, all you have to do is click on the "Print Screen" and the Snagit Tool opens and you can capture whatever you want.
1 license.
Have no idea about it working with a Mac --- but it fouled my Windows7 OS to the point where I was ready to put my PC in the recycle bin Took me three days to figure out the conflict ---- and, when I did and deleted all traces of Snagit 11, my PC was perfect again. As I said, I have no idea about Mac compatibility. Good luck!
Yes you can snag anything to the editor the print and easily X out of that snagged image. You can play with profiles as well I bet to even make that easier
SnagIt cannot capture the actual letters in the text. It can capture a screen print of the text. If you could copy the actual text, you could also paste it into a SnagIt text box and edit it (but if you can do that, you can already paste it anywhere and edit it). So the short answer is, no.
Yep, a single license can be installed on up to two computers, as long as both installs are for the same individual. Thanks!
I believe it's only for pc's
It has worked for me. Sometimes it might be good to go through it using the software twice
I don't think so. The instructions indicate that it only works on one computer.
I was able to install it on 2 computers because I had the CD but technically its suppose to be for only one computer according to the package. When I set up the account on one computer and installed on the second I just signed in with the account I made and it never recognized that I had it on two computers. I really like this product though. So I would still recommend it.
it works with either, just have to go into settings to switch between the two.
If your TV has composite Video and Audio out capability, it may work. You still need a computer , the software and a USB capture device. Better stuff available.
Go to a goodwill store or thrift store. U will find one... Or go on craigslist and out an add in for "wanted"
I do not have a camcorder but the manual for the software states that it can be used with a camcorder.
Can't say. Have not used it with Win 8
The disc is recorded via a connecting cable into your computer cd/DVD drive.
Not that I am aware of.
If you have the proper cables (sold separately). This is the software only to capture the video to your pc and burn it to DVD (DVD Burner also required!)
It is reasonably easy to use, however the manual leaves a lot to be desired and needs a lot of work. You have to figure out a lot of things yourself but once determined it is easy to use!
I have been using it with a Windows 7 machine and so far have found no degradation in the quality of the video transferred and copied to a CD. I have transferred 8 VHS tapes so far with great resolution!
No, check printing is not possible-nor desirable, really-for this simple but essential piece of software. It very capably does what no other app can do: let you know when bills are due, how much money you'll need for upcoming expenses, and a history of what was paid and when. This is not a bookkeeping program like "Quicken," but it does exactly what it says it does, and does it well.
No, this is not a money management tool in that sense. But it does one thing well, better than Quicken or any other app: records who you owe, when it's due, and when and how much was paid, with alerts and reminders and such as needed. Frankly that's the only thing that was missing in my money management arsenal. Nothing else gives me-quickly, with no fuss-a snapshot of exactly how much needs to be paid out. A great app.
No, it doesn't
yes it does. That's the way I used it at first. This is the best version of Linux you can buy, IMO. A friend of a friend who is a Linux guru said the same thing. Worth every dime.
yes it will. i have an hp laptop and i installed, dual boot, with windows 7. its a great operating system.
ask the same question on Google search I'm not that multiple of net Linux
just go for the latest distro - 16
Ya should work.
My X6 box says you need to have X4 or X5. Sometimes you can call Corel and they can help you upgrade with a later version. Or find a cheap X4 and then go on from there. I did that for Painter.
When my husband and I had our website, we used Corel Draw Graphics Suite exclusively. I was able to design signs, stationery, business cards, etc. I recommend it highly. It is a true high end software, and worth every penny.
As long as you have a version of Corel installed on your computer, you can upgrade. it doesn't matter if the versions are in sequence.
You need X4 or X5 to use the X6 Upgrade.
You can upgrade from x4 or x5 but not including academic versions
I only had CD6 for about a week (and never opened it) - I had tried to use the demo one with Win7 and didn't like it so I sent the package back (I don't remember now what I didn't like but I use CorelDraw X5 with my business and Windows 7 on all my computers and have not had the desire to switch to Win8 (it just looks more like a toy than something I need for production) and I keep all my computers with the same OS if at all possible. So, in answer to your question, I'm really not the one to ask on either question. Hope you find out.
It is Windows 8 compatible. The Corel website confirms it.
I'm running Win7Pro and it runs fine on it.
I've never seen one. I've been using this version for almost a year.
If you qualify, get the Education Edition. It has all features of the standard edition. The Home and Student Edition has *almost* complete versions of CorelDRAW and Corel PHOTO-PAINT but some features are missing. The Home and Student Suite does not include many OpenType features or color management options. The Home and Student Suite does not include VBA / VSTA or Macros. The Home and Student Suite does not include PrePress, PreFlight, several of the file formats in the other versions. Note that if you are already a Paintshop Pro user, PSP cannot read the .CPT files generated by PhotoPaint and vice versa. Corel has about the best file format translators in the industry. This file format shortcoming is the only one I've found in the entire Corel lineup and it is disappointing.
Yes
You can only put It on three computers and the student version is the same but if you buy the academic version for schools it costs much less. If you buy one you can put it on three computers for $99 and if you want it on six computers it will cost about $189 and can be bought for that price through Corel.com. Am not sure if Amazon carries that version or not but probably does.
According to tech support, the education edition always puts a watermark on the graphics you create, because Corel doesn't want you to be able to make any money on your student drawings. If you use want to use to sell your graphics, you have to buy the full version. Again, this is what tech support said when I called them.
Yes
yes
It does much more than basic things. It comes with clipart and templates, yes for business cards, no for labels. Unless you are doing professional greeting cards (there are no templates with this particular version), you could look to Print Shop which is designed to all all the things you asked about although it is not nearly as powerful as CD. Hope this helps. God bless and Merry Christmas.
You select a template, a key, a time signature. Then you go over to the left margin and select a note (either a whole, half, quarter, etc.) Put your cursor on the line or space where you want that note and click. When you have your whole song, you can transpose it into any key. Your midi icon will play it back so you can correct mistakes. Time consuming but very easy. I love it.
You can have the music appear instantly if your instrument, such as a keyboard, has the midi function. You can also import and export midi and xml files that are recorded on other programs or downloaded from online. I prefer to create my music in the Magix Music Maker Premium program and then export it to Finale SongWriter to create the sheet music. But that's just a personal choice; everyone is different and has different needs.
if you want to play the demo, you can connect he midi cable to a keyboard and computer and copy the notes that you play using Songwriter. If you want to record music someone else has played you need to use another audio recording software and a PC microphone connected to computer. if you want to record and make corrections use a DAW, such as, Studio One, Pro Tools etc.
I tried to install it on a friend's computer (besides mine) and I think it got rejected. You might try calling the Music Finale people and see if they can walk you through it.
Finale Songwriter can be used with any instrument that plays treble and bass standard staff music..ie, keyboards, winds, strings , harmonicas .
As long as you take the time to review the instructions you should have no problem. It is actually better for the beginner than for expert arrangers (because it only has 8 staves per sheet); although intermediates can get good use out of it as well.
Anyone should be able to use this software. It would be a great help if you are able to read music.
Buzmeg, I had this software to write lead sheets but it was too slow. There were too many operations you had to do just to add a note to the score. It does not offer anything it only will creat a musical lead sheet if you read and can understand what they are trying to say. your question has to be answered by one of their techs. Just call them and they will help you and answer your questions. Only those guy s know the answer to your question, Not me and not Amazon. Sorry that I can't help you. You'll end up returning the item and call Kelly's TV. Amazon has their number and there is a lady there that will put you on the right Software. Company.Peter Skelton
copyright 2012
Yes, it can--I do not do so but. . .. Your manual is hardly clear about anything and then usually inaccurate, lacking in necessary "essential" details, or just not relevant to using the program. But what the manual does contain is a service number: telephone them and they are amazingly "present" and willing to walk anyone--this techno-dinosaur included--through some of the most difficult of exercises. The result is always equal to the expected high quality of the Finale line. As someone who works in ethnomusicology however, my world of sound requires a few more options--like following Glass or the Kronos Quartet-like composition, or better yet, having an extended list of instrumentation (say, for Asian instrumentation, e.g., gamellin (sp), the Korean horizontal flute, etc.). I can dream. But as I do so, do call the customer service agent for Finale. I believe you will be pleasantly surprised. JAW
No, This verson is the full blown original install. No previous install required.
Both the 32-bit and 64-bit versions are included. I am running the 64-bit version on Windows 8 with no issues.
yes
Mine had a key and it seems to last, not just a year. There may be a yearly subscription add on if you use the cloud for storage.
Single
Not sure I understand the question. We are talking about 2013 lt, correct? Is your question why does 2013 lt cost less than 2013 non lt?
Yes
Yes
Yes it is the universal drafting program. Consider debit if your clients use it.
Yes. I have a Revit subscription also. Once I registered this it showed up listed on my Autodesk account.
Yes.
I did not use it. It is not for my tablet. I made mistake.
I was just able to partition a drive and load it on both computers. I've been useing a lot of answers from the internet for loading and moveing stuff around.
Very difficult and results are not good The best approach is to create a template in InDesign and import the text from a word document This is the way it works better for me
2.1.3 Portable or Home Computer Use. Subject to the restrictions set forth in Section 2.1.4, the primary user of the Computer on which the Software is installed under Section 2.1 ("Primary User") may install a second copy of the Software for his or her exclusive use on either a portable Computer or a Computer located at his or her home, provided that the Software on the portable or home Computer is not used at the same time as the Software on the primary Computer.
It will last as long as your operating system supports it. No, you aren't paying for a 1-year subscription. Happy Designing!
This is the full version. I was new to the program when I purchased.
Hello, This software is for distribution in North America.
Very difficult and results are not good The best approach is to create a template in InDesign and import the text from a word document This is the way it works better for me
2.1.3 Portable or Home Computer Use. Subject to the restrictions set forth in Section 2.1.4, the primary user of the Computer on which the Software is installed under Section 2.1 ("Primary User") may install a second copy of the Software for his or her exclusive use on either a portable Computer or a Computer located at his or her home, provided that the Software on the portable or home Computer is not used at the same time as the Software on the primary Computer.
It will last as long as your operating system supports it. No, you aren't paying for a 1-year subscription. Happy Designing!
This is the full version. I was new to the program when I purchased.
Hello, This software is for distribution in North America.
Yes
The program works with any MIDI keyboard, so as long as there are MIDI ports on your keyboard, just buy a cable and you'll be good to go. And of course Sibelius will play back and print your music.
One version works on all
Yes, this version is fully compatible with OS X Yosemite, at the moment I use it with Yosemite since about one month and a half and it is working very well. Gerald Tousignant
Yes that's what we have.
No
Not sure at what point you are looking at but under the File tab is an icon called configuration. Two options are presented as General MIDI and Sibelius First Sounds to choose.from on the ribbon header
Yes you can convert pdf files without scanning. Sebelius First comes with Neuratron Photoscore Lite. Open this program and at the top you will see a tab to simply open a pdf. If there are problems that are picked up by Photoscore, it will be indicated, but simply click the export to Sebelius button, and make the corrections there.
Sibelius 7 includes AudioScore Lite: http://www.sibelius.com/products/audioscore/lite.html It will work with MP3's but there are limitations. You can upgrade to the more powerful AudioScore Ultimate, if it's not enough. http://www.sibelius.com/products/audioscore/ultimate.html
I believe that it will, but with the warning that the file format will be updated, making reopening with the older software impossible.
Shadow Hawkins has a abort button (green). Make sure to press the green button to save your game.
Yes it does
Yes I have windows 7 and it worked great.
No, it is not. I didn't like this version at all. Too slow and complicated for my kids to play. I wish the classic version were available for download.
Yes I run the program on Mountain Lion.
I've installed it on two without any problems and there didn't seem to be any limits during the installation process
I do not have an answer to your question, but I would be very wary of purchasing this program as a download. I did purchase it and was not able to open it. After a little research I found that others had this same issue.
Its emailed to you once you have completed the order.
Lester B - you should not have any problem in opening any Word Perfect document, no matter what the version. I would think this holds true back to the very earliest of versions. I just opened a file which was created in 1996 without any difficulty and this was probably created in DOS Version 5, before Windows was even invented! Based on this, there is no known reason to me why you couldn't open any file created in any previous Windows version and I have done that in the past with older Windows versions. To my knowledge every Word Perfect file has a "wpd" extension and that holds true with the Word Perfect Office X6 files. Unlike Microsoft, which has had various extensions over the years, Word Perfect has retained the same extension for more than 20 years and probably more than 30 years. I am currently working in Windows 8.1. John
WordPerfect has been my go-to word processor for well over 20 years and I would HIGHLY recommend its use by anyone with ANY level of expertise! As a person gains confidence and experience, they'll be diving into the wonderful world of customizing the program for their own use! And that is the very reason I've stuck with it for so long.
Should be three (assumes the same user, I think).
Yes, I use that platform regularly.
Yes. Wordperfect is a full up "word processing" program, and includes spell check and grammer checking, without some of the bells, whistles and folderol which accompanies Word. I think the transition will be simple enough, but then, I started with WP when it was WordStar.
Yes
I purchased Corel WordPerfect Office X6 (Home and Student), because my older version of WP would not save documents with my new Windows 8 Computer. You can download a 30 day free trial if you want to see, first, how it works. Just go to Corel's web-site!!!
Yes; word count is found under the "Tools"button on the menu bar.
The conversion will not be perfect by all means. When attempting to convert the files over to Microsoft Word, it worked fine with some paragraphs being broken. But was very manageable since our word documents were at max 20 pages. We have not tried a spreadsheet yet. If it's that big, i'm sure you'll get some problems, but depending on how large it is, might be tedious to fix. And if you have formulas, the affects of porting it over as well would need to be taken into consideration.
You can make business cards by using Avery's number 8373. They also have a couple more that also work. This card has 8 per sheet, there is another with 10 per sheet. There is no clip art
Hi. Assuming that your computer puts out normal Windows sounds (speakers not muted) and assuming that the Garritan I.O. software is properly installed and activated on your PC, there should be a standalone program called Aria Player on your desktop. When launched, be sure to check TOOLS/PREFERENCES to see if your sound card and format type are listed correctly. If your sound card is not supported, you can download freeware called 'ASIO4ALL' -Also check that your midi keyboard or other trigger device is selected to input notes. If you have no such devices, you can use the on-screen keyboard that comes with the product. To test sound output, load up an "ensemble" and click on the highlighted keys to see what you get. Hope this helps.
You need to use midi or a midi-connected keyboard through a computer. This is not a hardware synth.
Yes, it is compatible with Logic Pro X and works very well with it. I'm not sure if it is 32 or 64 though
I didnt yet. Only my laptop so far. Im sure you can. Its such a good program that even if they only gave you one load one computer, it would dtill be worth it. Im sure you can load on both.
it runs just fine on my MAC PRO w/ OS 10.8.5. don't know about the MAC Book Air? you should buy it and tell ADOBE where to stick their Creative Cloud!
Illustrator, InDesign, Photoshop, Acrobat Pro, Flash, Fireworks, Media Encoder, Stock Photos, Extension Manager, Device Central, Bridge
A DVD did accompany the product, along with a valid serial number, which represents the most vital portion of the purchase. Unfortunately, the DVD was not fully updated to reflect current OS X standards. However, I was able to download the most compatible version from adobe.com without being forced to invest in its subscription model, of which I disapprove.
http://helpx.adobe.com/x-productkb/global/mac-os-mavericks-compatability.html
No
This disc included Bridge, Dreamweaver, Fireworks, Flash, Illustrator, InDesign, and Photoshop. CS6 is supposedly the last version of "own the box" software Adobe is making with their creative suite and all new versions of the CS will be in the cloud.
It is original Adobe packaging, but it's only CD sized. It's the mail order packaging, not the anti-shoplift retail store box.
Absolutely full retail boxes version with the adobe hologram on box
If the price is about 1,400.00, then yes - it's the full installation disc. Legit serial number, Flash, DreamWeaver, and everything. Go for it! Better than the cloud version, in my book.
I believe I asked the same question when I upgraded, and I was told by Apple that, yes, it is compatible. However, I've not really used the programs since I upgraded. If you're on a MAC, I suggest you call Apple. I don't know who you'd call on a PC.
No this version comes with a standard license.
Hello Daphne! This version includes: Photoshop CS6, Illustrator CS6, InDesign CS, Acrobat X pro, Bridge CS, and the Media Encoder CS6. Is there anything specific about these features that you have questions on? - Brandon T.
Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign
Included in the CS6 standard is; Illustrator, Photoshop, InDesign, Bridge, Extension Manager, Media Encoder and Acrobat X Pro. Hope that helped :-)
Hi. Unfortunately this software is for North America Distribution. Thank You
One
it runs just fine on my MAC PRO w/ OS 10.8.5. don't know about the MAC Book Air? you should buy it and tell ADOBE where to stick their Creative Cloud!
Illustrator, InDesign, Photoshop, Acrobat Pro, Flash, Fireworks, Media Encoder, Stock Photos, Extension Manager, Device Central, Bridge
A DVD did accompany the product, along with a valid serial number, which represents the most vital portion of the purchase. Unfortunately, the DVD was not fully updated to reflect current OS X standards. However, I was able to download the most compatible version from adobe.com without being forced to invest in its subscription model, of which I disapprove.
http://helpx.adobe.com/x-productkb/global/mac-os-mavericks-compatability.html
No
This disc included Bridge, Dreamweaver, Fireworks, Flash, Illustrator, InDesign, and Photoshop. CS6 is supposedly the last version of "own the box" software Adobe is making with their creative suite and all new versions of the CS will be in the cloud.
It is original Adobe packaging, but it's only CD sized. It's the mail order packaging, not the anti-shoplift retail store box.
Absolutely full retail boxes version with the adobe hologram on box
If the price is about 1,400.00, then yes - it's the full installation disc. Legit serial number, Flash, DreamWeaver, and everything. Go for it! Better than the cloud version, in my book.
I believe I asked the same question when I upgraded, and I was told by Apple that, yes, it is compatible. However, I've not really used the programs since I upgraded. If you're on a MAC, I suggest you call Apple. I don't know who you'd call on a PC.
When you bought this version you made a decision for the window system. You need a mac version. You may be able to deactivate your win version and request a mac version. Ask Adobe Photoshop Support Center under Help at top right menue bar. Hope this helps - good luck. Wernerl
Yes, I have CS6 and the most current operating system for Mac. Just make sure you get the mac version.
That's not the retail price (which is $699). Marketplace vendors on can charge whatever they like for the products they sell. You may want to consider the Creative Cloud Photography Plan: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00KNDCCE6/ref=cm_cd_asin_lnk The old pricing model was $699 (Photoshop CS6) /$999 (Photoshop CS6 Extended). But consider this: at that price a customer can have the Creative Cloud Photography Plan @ $9.99/mo for close to 6/8.5 years respectively. The Creative Cloud Photography plan includes Photoshop CC, Lightroom & Lightroom mobile. Plus you get all the product updates/upgrades (e.g. Photoshop 2014, 2015, 2016, etc & Lightroom 6, LR7, LR8, LR9, etc) for OS compatibility and support during that time. With the old model, you'd have to pay extra for upgrades in that same time period. One of the reasons for moving to this model is to make sure customers can keep up with the fast changing technology landscape where Apple and Microsoft are updating OSes every 12 months and introducing new hardware and devices at a faster and faster rate.
Mac OS 10.6 or newer - I have been using it with Lion for 18 months with no issues.
No this just PhotoShop CS6. The creative suite is a lot more $$$. I own PS-CS6, AI CS6 and Dreamweaver CS6.
Old version of it. They won't be updating it. Nor will users be able to buy from adobe. Just rent the CC (Creative Cloud but I call it cash cow).
It is a stand alone product, and yes it comes with disks in a nicely packaged box.
2.1.3 Portable or Home Computer Use. Subject to the restrictions set forth in Section 2.1.4, the primary user of the Computer on which the Software is installed under Section 2.1 ("Primary User") may install a second copy of the Software for his or her exclusive use on either a portable Computer or a Computer located at his or her home, provided that the Software on the portable or home Computer is not used at the same time as the Software on the primary Computer.
I am using Mac OS X 10.9.1 with Photoshop CS6 with no problem. It works well.
Not that I know of. I mainly use it for image editing.
Upgrading from CS5 standard to CS6 is $199; from CS5 to CS6 Extended is $399; from CS5 extended to CS6 extended is also $399.
Yes. It works great on Mac OS X 10.7.x - 10.8.x
This was the full version, not just an update.
No. You can only upgrade from CS5 to CS6. Your best bet is the Creative Cloud Photography Plan: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00KNDCCE6/ref=cm_cd_asin_lnk (monthly) http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00O66FYRS/ (Yearly pre-paid) The old pricing model was $699 (Photoshop CS6) /$999 (Photoshop CS6 Extended). But consider this: at that price a customer can have the Creative Cloud Photography Plan @ $9.99/mo for close to 6/8.5 years respectively. The Creative Cloud Photography plan includes Photoshop CC, Lightroom & Lightroom mobile. Plus you get all the product updates/upgrades (e.g. Photoshop 2014, 2015, 2016, etc & Lightroom 6, LR7, LR8, LR9, etc) for OS compatibility and support during that time. With the old model, you'd have to pay extra for upgrades in that same time period. One of the reasons for moving to this model is to make sure customers can keep up with the fast changing technology landscape where Apple and Microsoft are updating OSes every 12 months and introducing new hardware and devices at a faster and faster rate. Hope that helps, Jeffrey Tranberry Digital Imaging Product Development Adobe Systems, Senior Product Manager, Chief Customer Advocate
Is the license in your name? You should be able to go to their site and log in. Drill down and see what they think you own. You may have to ring them up on the telly.
officially Via Photoshop: Photoshop Elements 11 (US$99) is designed for people who are just getting started with digital photo editing, and delivers powerful yet easy-to-use options that help you organize, edit, create, share, and help protect your personal photos. Photoshop CS6 (US$699) is the professional standard for creating and manipulating powerful images, and Photoshop CS6 Extended (US$999) delivers everything in Photoshop plus tools for creating and editing 3D images and objects. [Both of these versions have recently been replaced by Photoshop CC, which is available by subscription (US$10-20/month), and has additional features compared to CS6.] In short if your doing more the a beginner photo work ....." I couldn't do without CS6... see applebysanimals on the net you'll see why. I hope this helped and Good Luck
Go to these folders: programs, Adobe, Adobe Ill (yourversion) plugins, tools, and see if the folder has your custom brushes still there. If so, you can reload them by opening your file.
Works for me [though W8 is a little strange from XP], I do a lot of foto editing almost daily. There are many tools that I haven't used [or used much] so glitches may still occur. I would say, if you have your computing power up, go with it.
Aloha Terri B CS6 is what edit and mask with, more than anything else I highly recommend it. Started out with photoshop when it 1st came out (a million years ago it seems). go to applebysanimalsdotcom will show you what you can achieve. Good luck Gregory
Not that I know of. I mainly use it for image editing.
Upgrading from CS5 standard to CS6 is $199; from CS5 to CS6 Extended is $399; from CS5 extended to CS6 extended is also $399.
Yes. It works great on Mac OS X 10.7.x - 10.8.x
This was the full version, not just an update.
No. You can only upgrade from CS5 to CS6. Your best bet is the Creative Cloud Photography Plan: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00KNDCCE6/ref=cm_cd_asin_lnk (monthly) http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00O66FYRS/ (Yearly pre-paid) The old pricing model was $699 (Photoshop CS6) /$999 (Photoshop CS6 Extended). But consider this: at that price a customer can have the Creative Cloud Photography Plan @ $9.99/mo for close to 6/8.5 years respectively. The Creative Cloud Photography plan includes Photoshop CC, Lightroom & Lightroom mobile. Plus you get all the product updates/upgrades (e.g. Photoshop 2014, 2015, 2016, etc & Lightroom 6, LR7, LR8, LR9, etc) for OS compatibility and support during that time. With the old model, you'd have to pay extra for upgrades in that same time period. One of the reasons for moving to this model is to make sure customers can keep up with the fast changing technology landscape where Apple and Microsoft are updating OSes every 12 months and introducing new hardware and devices at a faster and faster rate. Hope that helps, Jeffrey Tranberry Digital Imaging Product Development Adobe Systems, Senior Product Manager, Chief Customer Advocate
Is the license in your name? You should be able to go to their site and log in. Drill down and see what they think you own. You may have to ring them up on the telly.
officially Via Photoshop: Photoshop Elements 11 (US$99) is designed for people who are just getting started with digital photo editing, and delivers powerful yet easy-to-use options that help you organize, edit, create, share, and help protect your personal photos. Photoshop CS6 (US$699) is the professional standard for creating and manipulating powerful images, and Photoshop CS6 Extended (US$999) delivers everything in Photoshop plus tools for creating and editing 3D images and objects. [Both of these versions have recently been replaced by Photoshop CC, which is available by subscription (US$10-20/month), and has additional features compared to CS6.] In short if your doing more the a beginner photo work ....." I couldn't do without CS6... see applebysanimals on the net you'll see why. I hope this helped and Good Luck
Go to these folders: programs, Adobe, Adobe Ill (yourversion) plugins, tools, and see if the folder has your custom brushes still there. If so, you can reload them by opening your file.
Works for me [though W8 is a little strange from XP], I do a lot of foto editing almost daily. There are many tools that I haven't used [or used much] so glitches may still occur. I would say, if you have your computing power up, go with it.
Aloha Terri B CS6 is what edit and mask with, more than anything else I highly recommend it. Started out with photoshop when it 1st came out (a million years ago it seems). go to applebysanimalsdotcom will show you what you can achieve. Good luck Gregory
Yes, the Academic Version is a full version available discounted with the restrictions of purchase stated by MS, i.e. the purchaser has to be a college student or teacher with proof of such status.
I don't know. I don't use 8.1 - sorry. I am sure you can find the answer through Microsoft.
It appears to be. Not having another version to compare to, I can only say that it seems to be.
It has worked fine with Windows 8 for me.
Developers: SQL Server 2012 Developer is a full feature version of SQL Server software that allows developers to cost-effectively build and test and demonstrate applications based on SQL Server software. Express: SQL Server 2012 Express edition is an entry-level, free database that is ideal for learning and building desktop and small server data-driven applications. Ref: http://www.microsoft.com/en-us/sqlserver/get-sql-server/how-to-buy.aspx I like developers as I get the management tools and full db capabilities like on an full version (mostly).
Yes! In fact I use SSDT all the time with SQL 2012 Developer for demo around the world. In fact SSDT is a built in feature. As you watch this Amazon review pause it at 6:38. You will see the 8th checkbox for "SQL Server Data Tools" which is SSDT. I plan to write a Joes 2 Pros book on SSDT later this year and recommend people use SQL Developer. However if you download SSDT from the web site you will get the more updated one then what comes on the DVD. So if you have SQL 2012 already then download the latest SSDT which is free.
Yes, I have a Win7 64 bit laptop that i've installed it on. I installed the 64bit version, to take advantage of the 8Gb of RAM on this laptop. the only issue I've had previously (SQL 2005) was with 64bit drivers for Excel files in SSIS, but I think that is fixed now. The work around was to either install the 32bit version of SSIS or to use text files.
Yes, this is the correct product for learning. SQL Server is extremely powerful - this is a full-blown enterprise class product and you are able to get it essentially at the price of an academic license. It is specifically meant for what you're doing - learning the product. Further, so long as you stick with standard SQL, your skils will also be applicable/transferable to any other SQL DBMS, whether it be Oracle, Sybase, or mysql.
There is a SharePoint option in the downloads. I've not tried it, but it is there.
Sure they can :-) But you can only install one MSSQL instance of SQL2012. Or in other words. Pick a machine and install a MSSQL there. Then tell your 8 developers to use that machine and test against that MSSQL instance. You can install several databases based on the space and machine requirements you may have.
Hi there, If you check SQL2012 specs for Developer edition. Microsoft states it can be installed on Windows 8 64bit Professional and Enterprise, but I have never done that myself. As an alternative, you can easily download a Windows 2008R2 trial version, which is free, and you can install Windows 2008 via VMware fusion and run SQL2012 on top of that. I do also recommend, if you have USB 3.0 ports on your Mac, buy a SSD USB external drive and install your VMs there. The performance is amazing!
I believe the product comes with physical media. To practice running SQL scripts, I'd recommend the SQL Server Express editiion, which doesn't have all of the tools SSIS/SSAS/SSRS, but should provide a downloadable product to start learning with.
Yes you can
Yes just make sure to install .net 3.5 first
It comes with usb GPS, map 2013 and usb GPS driver. It covers everything.
Yes works with Windows 8 I am using it on 8 now
This is the worst Microsoft product I've ever bought and that's saying a lot. However you can 'use' it in any car, but do you really want the hassle with it? Good luck.
Yes
Yes it works without any problems on my Liquid Cooled i7 Quad core at 3.9 GHz with Windows 8 and now with Windows 8.1. Therefore you should not have any problems on any computer system that is capable of running Windows 8 or Windows 8.1.
No. I am using an older version of Copilot which is far superior to Streets and Trips. Copilot let's you enter the profile of your vehicle
I use it on two computers. I haven't looked at their legal notice in years, but it used to authorize usage on two computers, which has always worked out well for me, since I usually use our desktop for planning and transfer the map to our laptop for travel and on the road updates.
YES. No problem at all. I do it all the time.
yes
I don't have any information on the HP Omni 10. However if your device has a standard USB port the GPS device supplied with Streets & Trips should work fine.
I have not actually done this, but you can locate a place by having only the latitude and logititude coordinates - Here's what MapPoint provides are an instruction: Find a place with latitude and longitude On the Tools menu, click Find, and then click the Lat/Long tab. In the Latitude box, type the latitude of the place you want to find in either decimal degrees or degrees, minutes, seconds (DMS) format. In the Longitude box, type the longitude of the place you want to find in either decimal degrees or DMS format. Click Find, and then click OK. Note When you find a latitude and longitude coordinate, MapPoint creates a pushpin on your map. You can add text to the pushpin balloon and rename the pushpin. These pushpins are automatically stored in a pushpin set called My pushpins and are saved with your map. Notes DMS coordinates can be entered in any of the following ways, where D is a single letter that indicates direction (N for north, S for south, E for east, or W for west): dd.mm.ss.sD dd:mm:ss.sD dd mm ss.sD ddmm'ss.s"D If you are entering coordinates in decimal format and the location is south of the equator or west of the prime meridian, express the latitude or longitude as a negative value; for example, -15.75 degrees latitude or -64.25 degrees longitude. To copy the latitude and longitude coordinates of your mouse cursor to the clipboard, press CTRL+ALT+C. The format of the coordinates is determined by settings in the Options dialog box on the Tools menu. Related topics About latitude and longitude Display latitude and longitude coordinates About pushpins About finding places on the map
I loaded it on my regular computer and on my LapTop.
Absolutely you can. Go to Data then Import Data Wizard and it can walk you through it.
One license, can be on desktop and laptop but only for one user.
Not as it comes. You should visit the Microsoft site, I understand they no longer support MapPoint. I found the zip codes available were woefully out of date.
I believe I read that map updates are only added when a new version comes out?
I imported over 125 custom symbals that I use with over 800 address that I import each month
Yes
MapPoint 2013 has glitches in it. It does not work properly and I ended up sending it back and ordering MapPoint 2010 version.
aside from price, the only difference is the legality in the EULA. simply put in theory you must be the qualified educational instructor or student. And the academic version is for non-commercial use.
2. INSTALLATION AND USE RIGHTS. a. Licensed Device. The licensed device is the device on which you use the software. You may install and use one copy of the software on the licensed device. b. Portable Device. You may install another copy on a portable device for use by the single primary user of the licensed device.
yes it will work on windows 8
Yes it does.....I am using work laptop with Windows 8 and it works fine....haven't used any gps feature though, just the maps itself.
I do not know.. I only know it wanted me to download a large file to go with it and I didn't need it. So I threw it away.
Did not work on my Windows 8. May have to reinstall or refresh Windows 8, then we see. Don't really wanted to do this, put me back a day or a few days to get everything in order again.
The new version has more miles of new roads as well as many changes and updates on points of intrest, so much so that it requires almost twice as much data space. To work with WinXP, all updates and service packs must be installed.
It should but contains Microsoft. Should work on any platform.
Sorry, no. S&T off a Microsoft product. Mortal enemies of Bill. It won't work on my android Galaxy tablet either. I wish it did. I'm migrating to a tablet for road trips and other travel. Have to use Google maps out my trusty Garmin.
Right now I can not say, because I haven't looked for that option, but I believe there is a free trial offer that you can download and try out. Maybe that will help you better on your decision.
How many computers can you install the latest version on?
4 1/2 x 9 1/2. 3 7/8 x 8 7/8. and 3 5/8 x 6 1/2.
The boxes (or more precisely the box outlines) are not printed on the envelope. They only appear on your computer screen when you are entering the address and return address. Their function is to show you the maximum number of lines and letters/numbers that can be printed on the envelope (when the box is full you've reached the limit) and where those lines and letters will appear on the envelope. This is a nice little program. It also works on most current Windows programs including the popular Xp and the new Windows 7, 8 and 8.1.
No, its just a basic printer with very few envelop sizes.
Three lines in bold font, four lines in regular font.
NO
No. Just envelopes. Avery has a nice label program and I think it's a free download.
You should have no trouble using "Envelope Printer" with this printer. However, reading a few Customer Reviews on Amazon for this printer, it is no easy task setting the printer up to print envelopes. Hope this helps.
ours woks fine don't think you can change the font color lighter or darker
Yes. I have used it with Brother Lazer jet printer and even an ink jet printer. Please note this is a PC software for printing the envelope.
Yes
Chances are the companies asked you if you wanted their services and you probably didn't notice. When downloading programs off the internet, be careful of the small writing when asking to proceed. Sometimes they will have these programs pre-checked for you and you have to uncheck them in order to not receive their games/search engines. Otherwise, you need to go and delete them manually off your computer.
This program is simply a check register that does the math for you, it also will balance the check register so you can compare to your bank statement. It does not have a check printing feature.
Yes, that's what I have.
No
No, it is strictly a check register. It does have the function to reconcile your bank statement, export your information to a spreadsheet & rename your accounts. Once I got used to it being on my computer, I shredded my paper check registers. I am a bookkeeper and I really love this program.
Yes you can. Once you receive your bank statement, you simply check off the transactions in the program, which then disappear from view (You can retrieve them easily if needed). At the end, you type in the new account balance from the statement and the program tells if it is accurate. Much easier to balance using the program than manually.
You enter it just like a check, I use the letters DC where the check number would go.
No, the program only helps you balance your checkbook. Think of it as an electronic checkbook register.
Yes
http://www.datawaregames.com/help/check.htm
yes, it is
Your keyboard will work, but's it fairly difficult trying to remember all the key commands. I highly recommend using a joystick over your keyboard though. Even an inexpensive joystick will be a lot more enjoyable. The sim itself has a ton to offer, so if your going to spend the money for the game, do yourself a favor and get a higher end control system. You'll be glad that you did.
This version is stand-alone; it's the same version of the actual executable as the Global Version; it just comes with fewer scenery discs in the box.
Per the X plane 10 forum it will work, the bigger issue can be the graphics card, AMD and Nvidia work, others not sure.
Both, yes it will work
you would have to take off manually and then u possably can put the autopilot on and then sit back and watch the scenery and with some planes u can sit in a passanger seat
Yes
Some people think that this program is too sensitive. Some think it is closer to the real effect that you would have in an airplane. I am not sure. I also have Flight Simulator X which is not developed anymore by Microsoft. Some people like it better. If he is a real pilot then maybe he would be happy with X-plane. Not sure what to recommend on the yoke.
i have the same problem on windows 8.1. i tried multiple times. installs ok
Yes it sure is multi language.
If it's New Zealand-Australia...yes it's accurate for NZ
Since the 52LM has a MicroSD slot, and the map is delivered on a MicroSD card, you are good to go. Just insert the card, power up the GPS and open the country maps.
Hello, yes it does work with the Garmin Nuvi NA series. I bought the same one off Amazon last month for my holiday to New Zealand and it worked a charm. if you bought your 350 before 2010, you may want to check with Garmin directly..
You'll need to confirm with Garmon.com that your Nuvi accepts these cards. If so, just insert the card and your Garmin will access it once you land in New Zealand. The card worked great on our extensive road trip last fall to Australia and New Zealand (both islands). I can't imagine driving there without it.
Will not work on new GPSs.
Hi Brad, this worked perfectly on my Garmin Nuvi 50 LM. You just have to find the 'map info' and include Australia/NZ. Not sure about your 1490, but if it takes a microSD card, it should be OK. David
I'm not sure. I would call Garmin just to make sure. I would think that it would. Mine is a Nuvi 660 and it worked fine.
Thank you for taking contact me This type is latest model. The next update will be purchased in amounts similar to the latest version. In your edge which had you taking to contact us, we have to set the lowest price only 24 hours for you! Please! Japanese Shop "Narita". Brand New. Arigatou. We will deliver the Delicate Science and Sincerity of Japan. Normally about 7 - 14 days.
Yes. I used it for 4 weeks driving around the South Island of NZ and it was great.
It worked perfectly on my Garmin nuvi 50. I don't know about the Zuma models.
Just insert it into the Leap pad, which does not have to be connected to anything else.
Hi sorry can't help because I am giving the leopard to my granddaughter in UK so have not down load any games but the other games a good
no i dont think so u maybe able to change language when set up
The only time I use the internet is for orig setup of ur leap pad & updates required. I have a leap pad 2. My daughter has the Cinderella leap pad ultra reading game & all we did was put the cartridge in & it worked. I hope this helps.
We purchased this for the LeapPad2. Check out the review from AHL (Sep 27, 2013) It looks like they purchased for an Ultra model. Good luck.
Although I don't have this ebook it should be compatable with the Leappad 1. Leapfrog has thus far allowed all games to be compatable across the different devices.
1 year as stated on pkg and Amazon website. The 1 year begins with the first device protected date.
My package came with a disk but I downloaded the newer updated version and used my product key number from the box.
hi there, it will check some issues your pc may have but its main object is antivirus, if u wish to maintain your machine you can do it but I would suggest something like tuneup. On the other hand if you get this one u pay for an antivirus (that u need anyway) and it may solve any errors u see now. your choice good luck
there is no difference on versions. whatever you get you will use only the S/N. you have to download the current version (year) of the version you purchase. After that only thing to do is to activate. Enjoy it
John: I have Norton 360 Everywhere. It is my understanding you can install on any five devices. I have mine installed on two desktop PC's, two cell phones and one tablet. I have been very satisfied with the product. According to the packaging, you can protect up to five devices with the time period starting with the installation of the first device and is good for one year.
I have found that the user manual supplied with the program is easy to follow, using not too technical language.
WordPerfect is far better than MS Word for graphics. Positioning of pictures, etc is accurate and easy to manage.
No backup CD-ROM. Just an hour of downloading and installation. But the price was certainly right!
I was able to load it on to 2 computers.
I know one difference is the license agreement. As it was explained to me, you can legally publish with the full version, but you cannot with the student version. I don't know if there are other differences.
Interesting question, Harper. The list comes up when one tries to use the "save as" feature inside WP, but I don't see a way to copy that list for you. Among the "60 file types," there are many versions of Word, some old versions of WP, WordStar, Quattro Pro, and many many more. If you have a particular program in mind that you want to use with WP, I'd be glad to check the list for you. Otherwise, maybe someone else will know how to give you the whole list. Sorry...
Sorry, can't answer this. I am using Windows 7 professional. I found I had to install files other than WordPerfect to make it fully functional with Dragon. (Needed to install the "extras" -- a file containing clip art and other things I did not think I would use, in order to make WP and Dragon work together.) Perhaps this would also be required on Windows 8 as well. I purchased a machine with Windows 8 on it and promptly set it in a corner, probably never to be used again unless I can "reverse it" to Windows 7.
Yes.
The main differences are that Standard has Video Studio Essentials X4 and and Ebook publisher - so the real question is whether either of those programs would be helpful. For my part, the only part of the suite that I use is WordPerfect - too bad they don't sell it as a standalone any more. As far as X5 vs X6 is concerned, the major difference is that X6 allows WordPerfect to be open more than once at the same time. This means that you can use multiple monitors (available since Windows XP) and have easier access to more than one document at a time. Again, though, this isn't as great as it sounds because you can have more than one document open at a time with X5 - you just have to switch back and forth in the same screen. Bottom line...if you use X5 and you're happy with it, you won't notice any significant difference with X6.
The one I received was version 16.0.0.428.
Sorry. Not familiar with that type of file. I see on line however, instructions to convert ami pro files to Word. If you do that then WorsPerfect will open a Word document.
I just upgraded my computer and am running Windows 8.1. Did not have any trouble loading and using this program.
It appears to be a full version, but I would ask the seller. If you don't have a previous version and this is an upgrade it won't work and I believe you must have either the X14 or X15 versions to upgrade. Like I say, ask the seller. As far as how many computers? I have used my full version on two computers and done a half dozen reloads.
Yes, I am currently running it on two computers. One at home and one at the office.
Hi, it is the first string of five- it will work
Yes, it does.
No Steam acount is requires. You only need Internet access to register.
Yes
Yes, it has a section called "Blunder Check".
Yes
I don't see any "voice recognition" prompt anywhere, but, that doesn't mean one doesn't exist. I haven't clicked on everything?...www.chessbase.com should give you all the answers you're looking for. Sorry I couldn't be more helpful...
I run my Deep Fritz 14 on Windows 8. As far as a download version you might want to check with Chessbase.com which sells the product and answered my questions when I was looking to purchase the product (which is very good but requires a lot of memory to work effectively).
Rates fluctuate daily for dollars vs pounds. By today's rate (12/16/13) it is 47.20 pounds.
ChessBase never offers upgrades to their chess engines. So no, there will not be an upgrade, I am sorry.
i never tried that, so don't know
The photo studio expressions will do that. It is much more user friendly than photoshop elements.
That's what I use it on
I used 5 of them for over a year's worth. It's a much better deal!!! They stack and don't seem to have any limitations.
Your membership doesn't start until you register it at Adobe , by providing the key-password
Yes. Creative Cloud is ongoing and constantly updated, so the redemption is still valid and you get the latest versions available from Creative Cloud.
Did you accidentally closed the Effects panel? Switch the workspace to editing and then reset current workspace. That should get them back to factory default.
It's a physical card that is shipped to you, so that depends on what shipping speed you select. You scratch off a spot on the back of the card to get the code.
Yep. That is what I have been using it for. Just make sure you opt out of the auto charge for your current creative cloud account.
No cards still must be purchased from an address where the service is available
I used 5 of them for over a year's worth. It's a much better deal!!! They stack and don't seem to have any limitations.
Your membership doesn't start until you register it at Adobe , by providing the key-password
Yes. Creative Cloud is ongoing and constantly updated, so the redemption is still valid and you get the latest versions available from Creative Cloud.
Did you accidentally closed the Effects panel? Switch the workspace to editing and then reset current workspace. That should get them back to factory default.
It's a physical card that is shipped to you, so that depends on what shipping speed you select. You scratch off a spot on the back of the card to get the code.
Yep. That is what I have been using it for. Just make sure you opt out of the auto charge for your current creative cloud account.
No cards still must be purchased from an address where the service is available
Hi there! Thank you for your question. Yes this product does come with a new product key, ready to activate. -Thanks
YES , absolutely.......and Happy Thanksgiving !!
It does, but , it was/is not qenuine. I could not registure it. SO I use it with out out uprades.
Yes I do
Yes
I wouldn't know because it did not work. I would not buy this item
Yes
it runs on my XP, I can;t say about Win 7.1
Sorry. I don't know. I have Windows 7. I would suggest you call the manufacturer and ask them. They were very helpful when I had questions about both the Floor Plan software and other software that I had purchased earlier.
No, I do not remember that requirement, I did send it back as it would not load onto my computer, I have found it wont load other programs either so am looking into the problem.
Absolutely. You can draw individual components and save them in the library. You can also create different layers to show separate parts of the circuit.
I don't see why not. I have gotten permits with hand drawn plans previously, but purchased this to design, permit and build a pool house. I've done the site plan, floor plan and am just starting the elevations. There is a bit of a learning curve, but the tutorials help quite a bit.
I couldn't tell you . I have just bought turbo cad tutorials and just started learning it . sorry .
with windows 8 it's compatible with Windows 8.1 I don't know but 8 and 8.1 are close
Mine is on 7 but I am going to try it on my laptop and that has 8.1. It should work
I would say that 3 of the 5 days covered by this course assume familiarity with statistics beyond, say, normal distribution parameters such as mean and standard deviation - if that is a guide. It helps if you understand what a T-test is used for, or when you would apply the Poisson distribution. You will still get value from the course without having had a lot of statistics training, but if you want to be a data scientist, you will need a very solid grounding in statistics to get the most from this course. I also suggest you review the open source R statistics package before starting this course.
In addition to the narrated video recording of each lab exercise, a zipped file of the labs' source code and applicable datasets are provided on the DVD. This zipped file can be found in the Resources section on the Course Menu tab. As stated in an earlier response to this question, you will have to download and install free and open source tools such as R and RStudio. Since you may plan to use these tools after the completing the course, it makes sense to install the latest versions of the software tools directly on your machine. Kate Hutchinson, EMC Education Services
The VILT does not include the voucher for taking the EMCDSA Certification Exam, however, you can purchase the Exam Voucher through Pearson VUE here: http://www.pearsonvue.com/emc/ Kate Hutchinson EMC Education Services
There are 25 hours of actual video lecture, but the course itself is designed to take 40 hours when including the data sets/exercises included on the DVD. Kate Hutchinson EMC Education Services
I relayed your question to our fulfillment team and we are currently working on making international shipping available for this product. We are capable of shipping internationally from our internal site, so you can order this title from http://education.emc.com. Best regards, Kate Hutchinson EMC Education Services
EMC Education Services periodically reviews its materials to ensure the content is still current. As of July 2013, there are over 200 individuals who have achieved the EMCDSA certification. --Kate Hutchinson, EMC Education Services
Not sure if they updated it, i got 2012 version . I liked Nina Zumel's lectures she is writing a book http://www.manning.com/zumel/, i think book covers most of the stuff .
Labs are only for the classroom based courses. They don't provide lab access to the online version. I asked couple of times and they didn't accept. Totally agree without the labs the content is not enough. I have done R labs in my own PC, but others don't work.
You can purchase a certification exam voucher from the EMC Education Store at http://education.emc.com/store. In the catalog search, use the term "voucher."
The course is not available for shipping to Germany from Amazon, however, you can get international shipping if you order from the EMC Education Services website: https://education.emc.com/guest/campaign/data_science.aspx
no this is really good
Yes, I use it with my air.
I sort of doubt it. It would depend if you can install another browser, such as Mozilla (the SurfEasy product uses Mozilla as the browser and installs the SurfEasy VPN software as a browser add-in).
STEP 1: Hold down the SurfEasy VPN app icon on the main screen and tap "X" STEP 2: Go to Settings&gt;General&gt;Profiles STEP 3: Select the SurfEasy Profiles and tap "Remove"
M-F 9am - 5pm Sat & Sun 10am - 5pm eastern standard time
It will work on any computer. You will have to install on each one.
Stick is one-time fee, not monthly. Also, it will only work on computers, not tablets.
According to the SurfEasy website: You get 500MB/month for free on the Starter VPN plan, as well as plenty of opportunities to earn more data by referring friends. I do not know if this is by calendar month, or within a 30 day period of time. I will tell you, that if you load the App on your mobile device (smartphone/tablet), it will AUTOMATICALLY engage whenever you brouse the internet. You will blast through the 500GB VERY quickly. I had difficulty removing it from my phone and had to contact their technical support staff for assistance to remove it. If you use SurfEasy by plugging it into your computer, you can choose when you want to use it, and therefore extend your 500MB a bit longer.
I've been using it for about a year and I have not notice any slow downs on my work computer. I have not tried it on my home computer yet.
You have to download the app as the the USB surfeasy only works on a pc....i have the app on my phone and tablet.... Works great...
The one I purchased was a full commercial license.
Because it's a fake serial number, at least that's what happened to me. I called Adobe to find out why my serial number wasn't working and they told me it wasn't real. So be careful!
My seller (who just seemed to have changed their name after scamming a bunch of people out of their money) sold me a fraudulent copy...So it's not an upgrade or a standalone but it was supposed to be a standalone.
No
Yes. That's how I did it.
Is this the same seller, I purchase this product a while back and ask the seller question. The seller stated it is fully license and I should have no problem. I was able to register the serial through adobe. I would contact the seller first.
I have one copy of the DVD version. It is brand new and has never been used. If you don't want the download version, I am willing to sell you the boxed copy. Adobe no longer sells this version. I have sold these for almost twice the money the item is listed for now.
Contact the seller. He was very helpful when I had questions.
It is the full version. It does not come with a box or a serial #
Yes, it does!
My mac is an OSX 10.6.8, and Reunion is working well. BBK
Yes
Yes it does. That is the OS I use. Enjoy
No but it is over all a better program than Family tree Maker. I use Reunion and Ancestry.com together. You don't get ancestry updates or anything from ancestry with it. I know Reunion is expensive but in my opinion it is money well spent.
Reunion is the source for that information.
I would call or email reunion they respond quickly!
When you look at the content of this new upgrade - it does look substantial - the best thing to do is email Reunion and ask for confirmation. They are pretty good and answering questions and for your piece of mind it is better to get the information you need from 'the horses mouth'.
Yes, it is very easy. Just export your ged com file to disk then import it into Reunion.
YES! Reunion 10 will convert older versions. The basic database format does not change, only the features and devices it works on. Go to the Leister.com web site for more details: http://www.leisterpro.com/doc/version10/upgrade.php Specific Instructions: http://www.leisterpro.com/doc/version10/questions/answers/howtoupgrade.php
Not sure, but it DOES work from iMac to iPhone. Reunion people are quite prompt at answering questions. Check http://www.LeisterPro.com
This is the full version that comes on the original DVD. Serial activation key is also included in this package. This is the same software package found here: http://shop.adobe.com/store/adbestap/en_SG/pd/ThemeID.30575200/productID.257993700 The only difference is that the outer box is not included, just the inner box that contains the actual software.
My software package purchased had one license for MAC & one for WIN. With the valid serial you get with your purchase you could potentially load it on two MAC machines you own. Follow the directions carefully that came inside your software box.
Yup, it has a DVD (2 separate) for Windows and Mac OS.
yes student edition however no credential required just your "word" that you are one... i love mine
The product really depends on you. The producer of the product does an excellent job marketing it. But, don't believe the hype. Your ability to raise money over the internet will be solely because of you and perhaps how you use this product.
No it will not in my opinion. If you are making and selling widgets it would be good . I would suggest going to sba.gov it has an interactive business plan you can fill out
Yes
Most Certainly!! It can be customized to suit your business venture.
I am not finished setting up my business plan with this product. But, from what i have started it can be used for any type of business plan, to include non-profit.... Roy
This is a basic business plan template (Microsoft Word) with suggestions for content written in it. I don't think it will sufficiently or specifically serve the purpose you need it for. Using a Microsoft online template will serve the same purpose as this template. However, if you have never done a business plan before it is a good guide for creating or developing your business plan. The same basic principals should apply to your franchise idea as it would for any other business. If I can be of further assistance feel free to contact me @ deshinab@gmail.com. Hope this helps.
It does contain the information. Ive seen this advertised with other discs as part of a package, but, i just ordered the ONE cd.. It is VERY helpful if u need a TEMPLATE to follow. You simply just fill it out. You can also modify it to make it work specificaly to your business. Best money i spent so far for help on a template. Well worth the money.. It put me at ease becasue the hardest part about coming up with a business plan is knowing where, and how to start.. you shud by.. I hope this helps u!! -Spencer
I have over 30000 items in it.
Yes.
You should receive the cash drawer, receipt printer, scanner with stand and a credit card swipe. The PC is not included but is required. We use an inexpensive Gateway all-in-one computer since our space is very limited.
Hello...yes this will work on Windows 8. We are currently using this on a Windows 8 PC.
Good morning, Thank you for your interest in QuickBooks POS v11 Basic and your question. This item includes 1 New user QuickBooks POS v11 2013 Basic license, 1 cash drawer, 1 receipt printer, 1 bar code scanner and 1 credit card reader. Peter Customer Relations Manager
Only the quickbooks version
Yes
I am not sure. I am using Windows 7.
In the POS software, the Merchant Service provider should be (connected or embedded with in the POS software itself once you have chosen which Merchant Service you use. This is done within the POS software and Merchant Services once it is set up). I too had this issue with the basic card swipe with this package. I installed an Ingenico IPP 350 PIN pad so that all is run thru the PIN pad "NOTE"(be sure to find a PIN pad that works with your Merchant Services. In many cases you can not install a generic, it has to work with your Merchant Service provider). This also gives you the ability to accept debit cards so the customer can input their PIN Number. I hope that this makes sense, if not just contact your Merchant Service Provider and they can assist you in setting this up thru your POS Terminal.
Are you asking how do you scan the barcodes on products, or how do you give products a barcode?
Redbook only, from what I remember.
Don't know, not familiar with 12 Ultra.
Not sure, I spent very little time with the software one I learned It couldn't play blu rays.
It was in an email attachment. I ordered the product as an online download. After I returned it I had to send an affidavit stating I no longer had the CD key.
This One is 32-bit, If it is 64-bit the label will list it.
It sounds like a very difficult ?, Not being able to see it for my self. But nothing lost by trying. If it won't load you, more than likely have a lot bigger problems, like hardware issues. Sorry if this won't fix the problem. You may need a new laptop.
It is 32-bit unless marked 64-bit.
64bit I believe and yes. Need student email.
These are real, this is a normal thing for students. You can not profit off of this program, hence why it is for student. You can do everything you can with the expensive version, but your not supposed to sell your work. It is legit. If you need to learn how to use it, Lynda.com has a great educational service for it too. I use it for school.
The terms and conditions associated with the license type used with the student suite prohibits any commercial use of the software. However, the purchased (not free) license does not time out as the free one does and your files are not watermarked in any way. But it is clearly not allowed to use it for profit work.
Yes, it is compatible. I have it on my Windows 8 now without an issue
Last I know of, buying 1 license allowed you to download onto 3 different computers. Perhaps a desktop at work, desktop at home or laptop, or something like that. Not sure if they're still allowing that, but they were a year or two ago . . . hope that helps!
not sure on 2 pcs, but laptop will work, license must be same on pc and laptop to run more than 30 days.
When I upgraded to Windows 8 machines a few months ago, I decided to also upgrade my copy of Act to the newest one by Swiftpage. It costs a little more, but seems to have eliminated some of the problems I was having with the 2011 version I had been using. If you're going to spend that much money, I would suggest going with the newest version by the company now owning it. The the Act! Pro v16 works great on Windows 8!
It carried all of my data forward to the new version when I updated.
That is Correct...
I've heard that going though all 5 levels will land you around an A2. To get to a B1 or higher would more than likely require immersion and/or a lot of exposure to the language outside of any program.
No. Single User, but you can install it on up to 3 machines.
No. Their method is verbal with a lot of typing of English and German.
Yes, you will intrinsically learn the grammar from workouts and they also explain the grammar in detail in every lesson video - they do this slowly and repeat themselves many times.
I don't know. I suggest you contact Fluenz customer service for advice.
you'll need internet access the first time you activate your program, but once that is done you'll be able to use the installed program offline.
Not that you can vary by choice, but I would say some speakers are fast and some are slow so that you can develop an ear for native speech but still learn to say it properly.
You just repeat the lessons again and again if they are not sticking. No separate book. It is not a course, but a way to learn german
System Requirements for Installation Intel Macs, OS X 10.5 and above, including Yosemite (10.10) Windows XP / Vista / 7 / 8 DVD-ROM drive 1 GB of RAM 1 GHz processor speed Resolution of 1024 x 768 or higher Video card 16 bit sound card
Not a good idea. There is a lot of typing involved
A Micro Mod is a small modification to a Didj game. To obtain a Micro Mod, open the LeapFrog Connect application on your computer and select the Micro Mod icon on the Didj home page. Using the Bitz (or points) you have earned playing your Didj games on the handheld, you can purchase Micro Mods for selected Didj games. Micro Mods range from alternate background music on a game to adding a special power to one of the game's characters. Once you "purchase" the Micro Mod with your Bitz, the Micro Mod will be synced to your Didj handheld the next time you sync your Didj to your computer.
you put cartridge in every time
It doesn't require it to play the game, but I think for updates you may need one. I bought this for my niece and she's not connected to the internet always.
They are cartridges that you get to put in the LeapPad. They are alittle bigger than an SD card.
The LeapPad2 does NOT come with a charger - unless you get the LeapPad2 Power. The LeapPad2 does use AA batteries, which doe very quickly, so I recommend buying a charger pack, which DOES come with a plug. Good Luck.
No- it is all on the cartridge.
No
I think so. This was bought for my niece and she has the leap pad Ultra
What do you mean?
Yes
Yes, go to file, new file, combine multiple pdf's.
Yes, it is: The following Nuance products are compatible and supported on Windows 8: *Dragon NaturallySpeaking 12 *OmniPage 18 *PDF Converter 8 *PDF Converter Professional/Enterprise 8 *PDF Create 8 *PaperPort Professional 14 *PaperPort 14 http://nuance.custhelp.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/6472/kw/is%20pdf%20pro%20compatible%20with%20windows%208/session/L3RpbWUvMTM2MzA1OTUwNi9zaWQvb2t6ZEFYa2w%3D
Yes it does. The converted form is true to form.
Yes, I have it installed on Windows 7 Pro 64bit machines. Box is labeled for Vista, 7 and Windows 8.
yes
It depends on how they were created. If you created it, then yes you should be able to edit it. But if it's a PDF created say by a bank or credit card company that you download (like a statement) then NO - those are protected.
Yes you can! Open file explorer and locate the file you want to convert. At the top left corner of the document click on "file", you will get an option to "save as". place the pointer on "save as" then on the drop down button. You will now see an option to save the file as a Word document. Select it and watch it convert. That's it!
Yes. Forms are fillable either through a typewriter tool or by converting the document/spreadsheet to the appropriate program. I personally think the typewriter tool is easiest to use and cleaner, but I also consider myself a little better than novice user. If you are more advanced, you may whichever way you choose to work well. Good luck!
you can change the settings of how it prints in the print function. You can select 'fit to page' or 'none'. I have had to play with this a little bit to get it to come out right. Seems to not always do the same things depending on the document. Hope this helps answer
Yes...for the cost it is a very nice program.
I only used it one time since February. When it converted the file it drops some of the title so have not used it since. Error on the first simple conversion so I hesitate using it again
Yes, all features work great..
Converter takes a PDF and converts it to Excel and Word formats. There are other PDF programs that do what you want to do. Additionally this program is a waste of money. But it cost so little that it's not worth the effort to return.
Yes, both
I found that it works on my PDF documents OK.
No! This program is for converting a PDF to Excel spreadsheets or to Word documents. And it does a lousy job of it. I never bothered to return it because it just didn't cost very much. But I discourage anyone who asks about it. It is lousy. So lousy that they have never updated the program.
I am using iron a computer with Windows 7 and have not had any problems.
Yes I use it on Windows 8.1
yes it will convert about 30 different formats
As far as my experience with the software shows, you get unlimited use with the paid version.
Yes it will. I migrated from win7 to win 8.1 with this product without any issues.
I don't own Create 8.0 but I do use CutePDF Writer - free software, just Google it. It creates a printer (CutePDF Writer) and any document you send to that printer is converted to PDF (opens a dialogue box with a save to file.) I use it to "print" web pages etc. to PDF. Don't know if this is what you are looking for.
I do not believe it will password protect a file (at least I can't figure out how).
Hi, the UPC for this product is: 780420125148.
No this bbc.co one u cannot
It is printed on the box next to the bar code.
Sorry - but not with this software. Only goes to PDF not from PDF.
You can't do any editing. The software converts to PDF or combines several files ito make one PDF file. Once the software combines your files, as far I as know you cannot delete one file, because it is all one file, not a separate file.
Not sure, my scanner has the software to create scanned docs into PDF format. I use this software to convert MS Office files to PDF.
Yes it does
Yes it will. I migrated from win7 to win 8.1 with this product without any issues.
I don't own Create 8.0 but I do use CutePDF Writer - free software, just Google it. It creates a printer (CutePDF Writer) and any document you send to that printer is converted to PDF (opens a dialogue box with a save to file.) I use it to "print" web pages etc. to PDF. Don't know if this is what you are looking for.
I do not believe it will password protect a file (at least I can't figure out how).
Hi, the UPC for this product is: 780420125148.
No this bbc.co one u cannot
It is printed on the box next to the bar code.
Sorry - but not with this software. Only goes to PDF not from PDF.
You can't do any editing. The software converts to PDF or combines several files ito make one PDF file. Once the software combines your files, as far I as know you cannot delete one file, because it is all one file, not a separate file.
Not sure, my scanner has the software to create scanned docs into PDF format. I use this software to convert MS Office files to PDF.
Yes it does
Yes, it pretty much has any and everything your going to need. Ive had it since christmas and im still finding new features i wasnt aware of, but to answer your question, yea you can sample music for beats
They are samples you purchased so there shouldnt be a problem with selling your CREATIONS. The new added pieces you put with the samples would be considered a new creation.
Yes, it can use ASIO, WAV or WAVRT. I use Mixcraft with a Lexicon Alpha USB Interface
There are two main ways to connect your instruments to your PC to access the software; one is to buy an audio interface; this is a very basic setup in which you can plug a guitar or instrument into the interface which then sends the data via USB to your software; you also monitor output through the interface. The second way, this is how I do it, is to buy a small mixer which has what is referred to as a "control room" section; this allows you to hook instruments, mics etc to the mixer, feed them into the computer through the PC's line in jack, and monitor the output without creating a feedback loop; I like it best because you don't have to worry about that awful latency problem, the delay between playing and hearing what you played... with this setup you can hook up as many instruments as there are inputs on the mixer; if you play keyboards at all, consider buying a midi controller keyboard, these usually require only a single USB cable to send the signal in and power the keyboard itself, and Mixcraft6 recognized my old midi controller without my having to reinstall the drivers, which was excellent... hope this wasn't too wordy to understand; bottom line, I think buying a mixer is your best bet; you can use headphones or hook it up to a stereo system and listen through speakers.
Sometimes slow hard drive access times can cause stuttering in recording or playback. If increasing the buffer or latency settings in the sound device preferences (File Menu &gt; Preferences &gt; Sound Device) doesn't help, and you have Mixcraft 6 or higher, try this: 1) In Mixcraft, click on the File menu and select Preferences. 2) Choose the Recording preferences. 3) Try switching the Recording File Type setting from "Uncompressed Wave File" to "Compressed Ogg Vorbis File." 4) Now record something and see if the problem is gone. Good Luck!
I heard logic pro was pretty good, i was initially trying to purchase it; but they don't make it for my computer. Mixcraft was recommended by a friend of mine.
It should. The box says it's compatible with Windows 7, Vista, and XP, but the website does say it's compatible with Windows 8. Hope you like it!
You can. I have a four channel mixer that I run my guitar to ( it's an Lexicon Lambda) it works great when I'm recording piano or guitar. I use a pair of Audio Technica headphones to listen to my mix plugged into my Lexicon. When I don't use my Lexicon I just run straight through my speakers when I'm mixing virtual instruments.
That's kind of a subjective question, but I think so. If it helps, my 9 year old daughter even uses the program to compose songs using the loop library. Check out the 14 day trial and see what you think.
You can use Mixcraft for this purpose; you would need to first rip the CD tracks you want using a secondary application; Windows Media Player can rip individual tracks from a CD; create a folder in which to save them as WAV or MP3; then you can open a new project in Mixcraft... I find it easiest to open Windows Explorer, open the folder containing the files and drag each one into a track in the Mixcraft project where it becomes a CLIP... you can then move them around and order them as desired; eventually you will want to put all the clips in one track; if you drag a clip and overlap the clip in front of it, Mixcraft automatically creates a crossfade; drag the clip back and forth to determine how much crossfade you want... then you can use one of the Mixcraft CD burning engines to burn your mix to CD... hope this helps... remember, first you need to rip the selected tracks to your hard drive using Windows Media Player, to make them available to drag into your Mixcraft project...
Hello Terry, We are a Premier Intuit Reseller and if you order this item from SalesCentral that is not fullfilled by Amazon, we can have the software & license information shipped (in box) to you free via FedEx 2-Day Ground as I believe you would prefer. Thank you for your inquiry and have a great day!
This is the full version - the "add-a-seat" or "add-a-store" are the add-on packages which require you have this New User/Full version first. Feel free to contact the reseller as well, as they can also go over the available editions and add-on licenses.
No
Hello Rob. Yes we can ship to you but more importantly we can send you a download link for your software so you have immediate access. Just give me a call or email me directly if you need more information. Thank you. 352.742.0800
Yes it does
If you purchase through A+SalesCentral with Amazon Fulfillment, we could send you license information and a download link to install the software before the CD arrives from Amazon
Thank you for your question. Yes! You would be able to install the 3 licenses on three systems at the location and on the same network and when the clients join the data file the program will then ask if you would like to "merge" the licenses at which point you would choose "yes". Thank you, A+Sales Central Customer Care Team
Are you looking for basic, pro, or multi-store version? Also, QB POS v11 is not as bad as some describe. We have a free trial available if you prefer to test it.
You just have to buy one of this as a new user and get a add-a-seat license, that way is cheaper.
Ummm, I'm not sure what you are asking. The version is Pro 2013. I run it on a Windows 8 PC.
It did not for me, but when I contacted the company that furnished it they were very helpful and sent another disc that got me restored on my computer. Good people. I was using this on a netbook for Windows 7 which may have complicated my case.
will not fix anything. run your recovery disc to restore your computer to original settings. save your files before doing recorvery. this disc is for booting up computer that has crashed and will not boot up.
If windows 7 is installed on your computer, yes.
Diane, please don't waste your money on this product!!!
Yes 32 and 64 but I don't sale this boot disk I never got mine to work
No, it's purpose is to repair and recover files
I don't know if it can, best bet is to buy the real version of windows 7. My computer 2010 toshiba laptop rejected the boot because it was not a real version of the windows 7 program
I can not say much about it as it never helped me I still have it in museum. As anyone buy with your own judgement.
I used the disc (came without instructions) for the purpose it was intended with absolutely no results it was a total waste of money. I guess the answer is no, I have no answers that would help you.
All I can add to this is it didn't respond as advertised; in other words it didn't work for me at all! I like Amazon but his product went right into the circular file.
Cookin just released a new Cookin'11. Although I have never tried to scan, my guess is that you can. You can capture Internet recipes and copy and paste from word files. Check DVO.com for the answer
It never did work right for me and I deleted it.
Every version of Cook'n that I've purchased has come with some pre-loaded recipes and additional cookbooks are available on the DVO web site, many at really nominal prices - C
Yes you can. I have it on two...
I think there is a way to transfer the data but you need to contact the manufacturer, as I am not positiive.
Yes it will! but check to make sure the modules look correct when you publish them. We had experienced some weirdness
I don't think you can. Speaking from past experience when trying to open a Captivate 6 file in Captivate 5--I doubt that they added backwards compatibility in v.7. See this link at Adobe forum: http://forums.adobe.com/thread/1241266
Not sure what you mean.....
Full
Probalbly more features, Don't buy it, we've had nothing but trouble and tech support takes hours and is in India
You have to go through the registration process with an intuit associate. They don't provide a serial # for a self registration.
Yes
I'm 98% sure you'll need to upgrade your system or you to go with Intuits Go Payment System. You'd have to go into you inventory and sync every item for Go Payment.
Yes if you have any issues their customer support was excellent. Keep in mind it's not the prop version though.
Yes, it will. However, windows 7 is still preferable operating system for QuickBooks POS 11.0.
I am using this with Windows 7 64-bit on a pc with a dual core cpu, an amd 54xx gpu, and 8 gb of ram. Windows 7 handles 32-bit programs very well, so this software runs without any problems up to the capacities of my processors and memory. I have a couple of Windows 8 machines but have not tried loading this Turbo-cad on them, although I have read that it will run in normal mouse and keyboard/ desktop mode on Windows 8 without any significant problems. It will not work properly in arm/touchscreen mode however. There is more compatibility information and v19.2 updates available on the TurboCad/IMSIDesign website.
Yes but it is limited. I purchased a training book/dvd from IMSI but the tutorials were very short and you had to skip back to the next video, although it is pretty decent. I find Youtube most helpful.
Works fine on my 64bit Toshiba Satellite with WIN7.
You should not have any problem, as long as the renewal code on your NIS 2012 is valid. Do an auto renew, and the NIS on your computer should update. You can't use the disk because it is older than what is on your computer. I just used NIS 2013 to renew my subcription. I had no problems. Hope this helps.
The disc gets mailed to you along with 16 gigit key to give you a year coverage...It might not come in the original retail box however.
did you get a download if that is true you just put in the key code.
I am afraid that I can't answer this question since I had the CD which contained the program that was downloaded onto my computer.
Yes. The best way is to download a trial, and then use the key from this package to activate
1 year . The year starts when you install it.
All 32 bit programs work on 64 bit operating systems since 64 bit operating systems are backwards compatible with 32 bit software.
I suppose it depends upon what you are using it for. The connection with a HP printer is through its own software not the HP disc at least in my case. My HP printer and software sometimes does the same thing in terms of scanning except in the case of Readris 14 the scan can be to MS Word which is editable and more importantly to me, used by my translating software to translate scanned foreign languages into English. My HP printers are on local networks and for some reason the software gets changed via HP upgrades. A short while ago Readris 14 stopped working right. A recent upgrade to it plus a recent upgrade to HP got it going again. A coincidence? Maybe even the Windows 7 upgrades have something to do with it. Hopes any of this helps.
Yes, it can. Thanks
Only done it a couple of times and it worked well. Some fields were converted to text boxes, but editing and resaving as pdf worked perfectly.
Yes
I have Windows 7
I use a lot of math symbols but not scientific. I have not had a problem with any of the math symbols and I have not had a problem with conversion.
Yes
No
Yes. I use this with my echo pen. Works great if you write neat
I have had great luck with it. More than satisfied. Between the return policy and the quality of the merchandise, you can't go wrong. Of course, you have to be prepared to do a little editing. It's not a miracle wand. Good luck
I don't have a Mac, but here is the link to the Myscript website. www.myscript.com/volinks/en/webstore/myscript-for-livescribe/description They do claim to have a version for Mac, but I have no idea how well it works. I like the Windows version.
Yes, I have it running on Windows 8 and it should work just fine on Windows 8.1 but I have not actually tried it yet.
Hey Anne, when I write block letters, it does convert to text pretty well, but that makes writing kind of slow. If you want to use the Livescribe Echo and a software tool, I am not sure what is out there. On the other hand there are several handwriting to text conversion programs out there, some free: http://windows.microsoft.com/en-us/windows7/convert-your-handwritten-notes-to-text-by-using-windows-journal
It works with everything except the sky since that automatically uploads to evernote
Yes extremely to learn. In no time you will be creating movies that you will be able to save in a lot of different formats. Help online and even some movies on youtube.com will also be if assistance. This is the best program available to use to create tutorials/movies that highlight your desktop, etc.
The version is 8, but there was an update download to I believe 8.1.
Yes
Here is what the site says about both versions ... "with their own distinct platform personalities, Camtasia Studio and Camtasia for Mac do not share all the same features and functionality. While there is some overlap, each product offers unique features in order to solve problems specific to PC or Mac users. For this reason, Camtasia Studio and Camtasia for Mac are priced differently and require separate licenses. So, I would guess you have to purchase two versions.
Actually, it can be installed on two computers for one user: one desktop and one laptop. This question was asked on the Camtasia Feedback site. "Yes! You sure can install it on exactly two computers. That's in fact what our license agreement covers. We want to accommodate those who work at work...and work at home or on the road. :) Sincerely, Mike Curtis [Camtasia Employee]" Per https://feedback.techsmith.com/techsmith/topics/can_i_put_camtasia_on_my_desktop_computer_and_my_laptop_without_having_to_purchase_it_twice
A good review by Bill Albrecht: Captivate VS Camtasia: What's the difference? By Bill Albrecht on April 4, 2013 As an eLearning developer, I've come to know there are a number of development tools out there to serve our learning purposes. Like any job, a decision needs to be made as to which tool is best used to accomplish the task at hand. You wouldn't use a sledgehammer to fix a toaster (unless it was broken beyond repair, then I'd say have at it.) In the case of eLearning, you wouldn't want to use a tool that can't accomplish the task. Two of the most often used and requested eLearning development programs out there today are Adobe Captivate and Techsmith Camtasia. Both programs offer a wide variety of tools that assist in making web-based learning more interactive, intuitive, and overall fun. At the same time, there are some differences to take into consideration when deciding which one to use developing your curriculum. Let's examine both programs and compare. ADOBE CAPTIVATE Allows the user to create interactive simulations of software programs Takes detailed screen capture simulations Allows for complex student interaction; giving them the opportunity to go down the incorrect path and learn from mistakes Complex and varied activity and testing options (multiple choice, hot-spots, drag and drop, matching) TECHSMITH CAMTASIA Takes full-motion video simulations Great for streaming video content Easy to post to file sharing sites, such as YouTube Less expensive than Captivate BOTH PROGRAMS CAN: Capture screen and keyboard info exactly as done and typed Record video and audio/voice Include SCORM/AICC complaint quizzes As you can see from the comparison, Adobe Captivate is the better choice when going for something that is more interactive. A hands-on learner would definitely prefer a program that is made through Captivate as opposed to Camtasia. The learning and testing options are far more varied when it comes to Captivate. The program is a little more costly, but for the amount of services it offers it is fairly priced. Adobe Captivate can also be purchased as part of a bundle through the Adobe eLearning Suite. Techsmith Camtasia's strong points are in price and full-length video. At first glance, Camtasia looks a little like Windows Movie Maker and Adobe Premiere combined, so the interface isn't too difficult to figure out. If you are looking to capture a full-length video of an action you would take to complete a process on the computer or system, Camtasia is probably your better bet. It is also very handy for live streaming video.
I have Windows 7. Camtasia Studio 8 is now up to version 8.4. Versions 8.3, 8.2, and 8.1 supposedly fixed problems in previous versions.
The boxed version will most likely be version 8.0 or 8.1 but after you install the software and register it through their website the company will send you a link to download the latest update.
The quick answer I would offer is to install the VLC video player software. (search the internet for vlc or videolan.org) It is free and contains many plugins or codecs Windows needs to play different video file formats. However, your professor may be using proprietary software so step one should be to check with your professor and/or the school's IT department to see if there is any special software you need to install. If they are of no help then VLC is your best bet.
I have both Camtasia 8 and Adobe Premiere Pro. Camtasia is much easier to learn and quicker for a beginner to produce a pretty neat video! But that is because Premiere Pro is a much more powerful program, with a huge range of editing tools, especially if you use it in conjunction with After Effects. It can open any video file format I've ever tried to use with it. My major beef with Camtasia, is that it will not open AVCHD, MTS format video; which is the most common video format that most HD camcorders use. Some will save in mp4 (which Camtasia can open) but they are usually not in HD. My Sony Handycam would not save mp4 in full HD. And Camtasia would not open the Sony or my JVC video files without converting them first in another 3rd party program, which was a pain, and always resulted in a reduced quality video. The only acceptable solution that I have found for this problem, was to buy a Canon Vixia R40 which saves in full HD in mp4 format. I wish I had just invested the time to learn Premiere Pro right from the start, because then I would not be facing this dilemma about file format. Premiere Pro definitely has a bigger learning curve. There are tons of online instructional videos on how to use both programs. The Premiere videos on Lynda.com are really thorough but difficult to follow. I'm fairly tech-savy but I feel overwhelmed when I watch them. It usually scares me off, and I go back to Camtasia, which I am comfortable with. You might try Adobe Premiere (which is a more consumer version of Premiere Pro). You can get it in a bundle (approx $100) with Adobe Elements (A consumer version of Photoshop). I bought that about the same time as Camtasia, thinking Camtasia was just screen capture software. I liked it when I first started using it, a big improvement over Windows Movie Maker. But I didn't use it long, before Camtasia became my favorite for any video editing. (At that time, I was able to open my .mod files by just changing the extension to .avi but my upgrade to Cam8 removed that capability!) One good thing about Premiere & Premiere Elements is that the workspace and tools are similar to their full professional software; so when you do make the step up to CC, you will already be familiar with the workspace, icons, and tools in Adobe products. The other good thing is that both Adobe Premiere and Premiere Pro can open any type of video file format. Hope that was helpful, and not TMI!
You might check with emedia.com for a more definitive answer. If you note the progress with each child, you can return to the lesson area for the next lesson. The program allows you to move forward or back through the lessons.
Scroll down to see complete message. With OSX 10.7, 10.8 or 10.9, you can simply disable the new security settings before installing the product. You can then re-enable the security settings after installation is completed. To disable Mountain Lion security: Open System Preferences from the Apple Menu Click Security & Privacy Click the padlock in the lower left corner to allow changes and enter an administrator password if prompted Under "Allow applications downloaded from" select the "Anywhere" option Click the "Allow From Anywhere" button in the dialog that pops up To re-enable security simply switch the "Allow applications downloaded from" setting back to "Mac App Store"
Works with any MIDI output port if your piano has one. It feeds the piano code out to the software were it compares how your playing with what it expects.
Indeed it is! I use it on 10.7.5.
You might check with emedia.com for a more definitive answer. If you note the progress with each child, you can return to the lesson area for the next lesson. The program allows you to move forward or back through the lessons.
Scroll down to see complete message. With OSX 10.7, 10.8 or 10.9, you can simply disable the new security settings before installing the product. You can then re-enable the security settings after installation is completed. To disable Mountain Lion security: Open System Preferences from the Apple Menu Click Security & Privacy Click the padlock in the lower left corner to allow changes and enter an administrator password if prompted Under "Allow applications downloaded from" select the "Anywhere" option Click the "Allow From Anywhere" button in the dialog that pops up To re-enable security simply switch the "Allow applications downloaded from" setting back to "Mac App Store"
Works with any MIDI output port if your piano has one. It feeds the piano code out to the software were it compares how your playing with what it expects.
Indeed it is! I use it on 10.7.5.
Windows 7 Ultimate is the most efficient operating system currently. Unless you have a touch-screen computer, Windows 8 is very difficult to use on PCs. This Windows 7 Ultimate OS supports both 32-bit and 64-bit systems:
Its $70 for the physical upgrade disk...$40 is for the upgrade download (no disk, just a one-time use download link)...Amazon is selling the disk, not the link...Great for system restoration purposes...
No, it is only for one computer. They do not offer the 3 pack or family pack on Windows 8
Yes this comes with a dvd in 32 and 64 also with a free upgrade to windows 8.1
Only one per license
You should see if you can upgrade THAT to Norton 2013 by now. If you have an existing Norton subscription you can upgrade the software by downloading it from their site free of charge
I'm guessing your trying to install Vista so Win 8 will "see" it so it will activate. You can actually do a clean install (to freshly formatted drive or partition) without any operating system on the drive and it will activate. Mine did. If for some reason it won't activate on the first install , install it to a clean hard drive twice, just install it over itself not connected to internet. After the second install connect to internet and it will activate. There are several ways to do a clean install of an upgrade version, just do a search for " How To Clean Install Windows 8 Pro Upgrade" I'm wondering why Vista won't install and if you will have the same problem when installing Win 8? I hope not.
You can but the only thing that will be preserved would be your personal files such as documents, music, pictures, and videos. You will have to reinstall all of your programs such as Microsoft Office, Adobe photoshop, etc. So you can upgrade to Windows 8 from XP but the only thing you can keep will be personal files.
Yes. And yes.
Correct... If you have a copy of an older version of Windows, you could do an install of that, then do a clean install of 8 to replace it, but otherwise you'll want what Joel mentioned, the System Builder Edition. The System Builder Edition doesn't require a previous version of Windows to be installed, while this retail version checks beforehand, even if you are going to do a clean install.
No it won't. I wanted to reinstall my machine with vista but this cd is not for that purpose. I tried contacteibg the seller but they just ignored me.
I agree with E, the system needs to go back to factory settings. Have you tried tapping F11 right after you start up. One option is factory and everything is gone, the second will keep some of your files. I tried two first and couldn't get going. Ended up going with one. I didn't have any luck with the disc. Wouldn't hurt to try. John
There are two methods you can recover from here, you can restore to a previous point under the start up menu when you are starting you machine, or, if you made a recovery disk when you started your machine the fist time that is your best bet. The recovery disk will contain the missing file. If you do not have that contact Dell and see if they can ship a recovery disk, the last thing is to do as I did and buy one from Amazon. I have been able to restore several machines in this manner. I hope this helps.
Hi . It didn't help on my laptop !.
If you are running a 64 bit system, it will work
No this disc if to save what you had on the computer only if you are trying to move what you have to another computer. You need your or an original disk for your computer. kevin.saunders99@live.com for questions.
If your computer came with Windows installed, the product key will be on sticker on the computer's case.
It's a Boot Disc & it did NOT work at all to be 100% honest with you. I was extremely upset over the whole deal!! I hope this helps? Take Care. Be Safe Be Happy Peace & LOVE HAPPY HOLIDAYS!!
Don't know. Didn't work for me. Have you tried F11?
Yes. Just make sure you have a 64 Bit computer. I had a 32 Bit and it sovled my problems. You will still need an OS disk to place on your new hard drive.
Hi Bryan, You can put Story Expert on 2 computers, so you should be all set!
The specs for this software are as follows: Macintosh only Intel-based processor OSX 10.5.8 or higher 1GB RAM 250 MB of Hard Disk Space Screen resolution: 1200 x 768 minimum CD-ROM drive Internet connection recommended for activation (optional)
Story Expert is specifically for Mac computers that use Lion or Mountain Lion (and likely higher as new Mac Operating systems come out). All PC users (and older Mac Users) can purchase Dramatica Pro, which is the original program.
You cannot play movie directly from a dvd. But you can import dvd into the s/w and play from there. Remember, Imagination Studio is a video editing s/w and it does it very well. Hope it helps. Hope it helps.
If the music/instrumental part and the vocals are on two separate tracks then they could either delete the vocal track or mute it. But all the music I have seen has a right and left channel, for stereo, and the voice with the music are together in it. I don't know of any way to separate the two easily.
I bought it a while ago, and based on people who have contacted me since that time, I stand by my review that it DOES NOT contain the "extras" beyond the core program files I specified. That being said, it's still an awesome package for the price. But if you need those extras, you need to cough up more money and buy the full boxed version like I ended up doing.
I still haven't figured out how to take stills but I just pause the video where I want to take a picture, switch it to full screen and then take a screen shot. photo editing... no. If your going to use this for video editing this is AWESOME! If your going to use this for photo editing this wont work for you at all. I recommend purchasing this for video/sound/music and purchasing adobe lightroom for photo editing. Hope this helped.
It probably depends on the version. I bought mine on the Sony website, so I knew the NewBlueFX plug-in was included in that purchase. What I can tell you is that this Sony Suite works on different hard drive partitions and the NewBlueFX text plugin does not. It will check for the Sony Suite on the default c drive only, and if Sony's Imagination Suite isn't on there, NewBlueFX text plugin won't install. Also, the Sony's text is much more stable after updates. Also, if you register properly with Sony when you install this Suite, you can then log into your Sony account and click around until you find optional downloads which may include plugins, instruments, songs, and software.
I downloaded the Sony Movie Studio 11 with the sole purpose of editing MP4 video files which I had converted from VOB files. When the Sony program didn't recognize them I didn't use the program again. I did not try using the green chromakey feature but it does have the feature. There is a YouTube video which shows how to use the feature in the program.
You would need a template to drop in several photos on this program. I have not seen such a template and you would likely have to either download one or do up a montage in Photoshop or some other editing software prior to dropping it in. The software just pans/ fades photos in those short movie setups. Hope that helps.
According to mine it's 11.0.0.75
If you haven't entered the serial number in the program, it'll continue to run the demo/trial version.
yes
Yes. Sony released an update on Nov 1, 2012 to make this Win8 compatible - 32 or 64 bit. Go to the website sonycreativesoftware.com, and there is a horizontal menu at the top for downloads, or go to the page for Movie Studio Platinum 12 and look for a link for updates.
always get the disk
Although it is not specifically stated, you should go the "IMPORT MEDIA" button on the tool bar. This allows you to iport various media to the project window. You should, then, be able to insert it where you wish in the audio timeline.
If you're referring to a 'movie' made from still images, it does so quite easily. If you want the same duration for each slide to show and the same type and length of transitions - it can do it all nearly instantaneously. If you want slides to be showing for different lengths of time, there's a bit more manual work involved. But in either case, you'd render out to a video format - for the web probably .mp4. However, if you're referring to a manual slide show on a website - where the viewer can move through the slides at their own pace, that's something entirely different and is done with a plugin (slider) and individual still images on the website itself, not done in a video editing program.
Dear Valery: With this Sony Movie Studio Platinum Suite 12 software, you have many choices of audio editing, for example you can extract the audio from a video, you can change the volume of a song in MP3, you can make conversions of audio from one format to another, mix, trim, add, add silence between songs, add fade at the beginning and at the end of a song, you can add special effects, among other things but I'm commenting only a few options that I've used, but still have not used most of the options that the software has naturally required patience and time to take advantage of the program, as it also has an excellent tutorial that will indicating you step by step how to do, it is really very well recommend it since I've had other editors and this is the best and all off the foregoing their specialty is the edition of video clips.
ADHD is a mental disorder.
It is not necessary to buy other programs before using this, in fact the Sony Movie Studio is the suitable program to begin if you have never used a similar program, because has excellent tutoriales
I really don't know, but I have an I-7, with only 8 gb ram; most of my grandchildren movies are about 30 minutes, and I walk away from the render for 30 minutes, come back, and it's done.
Hi Austin, Yes It has image stabilization. It has Pan Smoothing, stabilization amount and rolling shutter correction. Hope this helps. Randell
Assuming you mean a recording of one, yes. Movie Studio includes video and sound editing software.
Yes, I've had no problem with it on Windows 8 on my laptop
Thanks, that's what I wanted to know before purchasing it.
Yes you can.
Haven't used version 7 so I can't speak the difference. But I would assume before version 13, there were no dramatic UI changes. Even the 13, lay-out is still the same. It's just the large icons found annoying in name of "touch screen friendly".
Te software prompts you to register. I have it in tow computers and didn't have a problem. I would imagine if you want to do it in a large number of computers, the software company may question that but again, I am not sure. I hope this helps.
i don't know if it runs on xp/2. i'm running 8 and it works fine. as far as the music goes. you can add different tracks, one of them can be music and another one can be voice over and you can edit each track individually.
Yeah, I'm running it on 7 with no problems.
I don't know what 'game' videos are?? It works well for making movies.
Yes!
Yes it does.
would not work on my xp sony desktop.keep in mind xp soon to lose all updates.
no
will it restore missing sys32 files
Greg, I can't honestly answer that,it never worked for my purposes,and my computer was different than what you described.But,I can tell you, its cheap enough to try once anyway...you won't be without alot of money if it is wrong, you could ask seller though about those issues....
Did not work at all.
Sandra, I can't honestly tell you yes or no, since I could not get it to run on my computer because something else was wrong with my computer.But I can tell you it came faster than normal and it didn't cost much.
You know I don't, I'm not that computer savvy. Try asking Staples computer tech they can tell you. sorry not much help
I used it for a HP laptop since it's a windows 7 repair disc it should work on most laptops with windows 7
It did not do that for me. It tried to repair my system, but it didn't work, though it may not have been the disk's fault. I finally figured out the hard drive itself was failing and had to be replaced.
I have an HP laptop. It was operating on Windows 7 Home. I ordered these discs when I started having issues with it. I wiped my hard drive and installed the operating system from these discs. Unfortunately, for me, these appear to be a generic operating system. It does work, but it lacks some of the programs and look and feel of a HP laptop. If you just want a barebones WIN 7 OS, these should work. If you are looking to get back to the way your Dell looked when you first got it, then I would contact Dell Customer Service for support on getting the original recovery CDs. The support, and the discs, are not free unless you are under warranty. But, I have had good luck with them on a Dell that I have.
No youcan not. You need to Install Win 7.
While I haven't had to replace/troubleshoot a missing Boot Manager "missin" incident, I would assume YES, it should, I used it to completely reload from a corrupt XT OS load, worked like a charm. Look at several sources the prices ARE DIFFERENT-SAME PRODUCT. Good Luck, Dr. John N. Parrigin, LL.D, CPP, CFE
Yes it will work. However, keep in mind that if u haven't backed your important files, media, etc, to an external storage device, u may lose the identity of some files and would have to painstakingly view each and rename them.
It worked on my laptop. I was extremely pleased it rather simple and I am computer illiterate.
No. I have an Asus computer too and this did nothing for it.
I have not used it for that purpose, but it should. The whole point of the recovery disk is to return your Windows operating system to you. You may still have to repair problems after recovery, but you will have a fighting chance of avoiding a reinstallation of Windows and a subsequent loss of data. The recovery disk has saved me from disaster several times. Let us know how that works.
The disk will not restore any file you have lost .this disk is for recovery system only.To restore a deleted file or folder Open Computer by clicking the Start button Picture of the Start button, and then clicking Computer. Navigate to the folder that used to contain the file or folder, right-click it, and then click Restore previous versions. If the folder was at the top level of a drive, for example C:\, right-click the drive, and then click Restore previous versions. You'll see a list of available previous versions of the file or folder. The list will include files saved on a backup (if you are using Windows Backup to back up your files) as well as restore points, if both types are available.
If it runs windows 7 and is 64 bit, then yea it will.
my same problem! It did mine! Also try microsoft reservo program to get rid of viruses you don't think you have , just like I didn't think I had! Good luck!
No this is not a full version of windows 7 just a repair program.You need the full version that you can get from Microsoft
This recovery disk is for windows only. if you are having problems with windows then this disk will help.
This disk cannot be used to install or reinstall windows 7. If you have lost the drivers you will probably have to call the laptop maker and request a disk that will actually replace the drivers you lost. $40.00 or take your laptop to office depot and have them make you a disk for about the same. hope this helps Joseph.
Wasted my money, not much, but my last ditch effort before moving to a Mac. I have not retreated my choice to move from Windows 7. HATED Windows 8 without a touch screen, but then you have gorilla arm. Also, my Mac Air is cool as a cucumber on my lap, no need for a cooling fan.
Yes.. I had to repeat the process 3or 4 times for the disc to load..The disc will reinstall windows.
The two-disc combo to reboot, did not reboot my computer. My computer at this point is still not working.
This is a recovery disk only and will recover the Vista operating system if it is saved a a backup. Many manufactures of computers will put a backup of Vista on the hard drive of the computer such as HP. This recovery disk will try to find that backup and restore it. If you have made a backup at some time, it will allow you restore that as well. These recovery disks do not have the Windows Vista operating system on them to reload your computer.
My lap top was not operating at all, it kept shutting itself off and I bought these disc and I only needed the 32 bites, it rectified the problem and my laptop is functioning superbly. I've used these disc since Mach and my laptop has be fine since.
I did same thing it did not work you will need your disc don't waste money on this
No this did not come with a product key. Your product key is typically on the device either beneath the battery or on the side or back of the tower.
I bought the same item didn't work for me either , wasn't an original disc just a copy I tried to get a refund but the seller didn't want to know .
I am not sure. I have the discs if you are interested. I now have Windows8 and cant use them. Let me know.
As I recall, there is also German and French options.
This is from the side of the box: Video input supported: AVI, MPEG-1, MPEG-2, AVCHD, MPEG-4, H.264, BDMV, DV, HDV, DivX, QuickTime, RealVideo, Windows Media Format, MOD, M2TS, M2T, TOD, 3GPP, 3GPP2 Video output supported: AVI, MPEG-2, AVCHD, MPEG-4, H.264, BDMV, HDV, QuickTime, RealVideo, Windows Media Format, 3GPP, 3GPP2, WebM, HTML5
Yes but its 2 disks so you have to come back if you walk away to finish
Hi Kateyn, I have use the photo side of this software for 10+ years to do any number of editing. I would say it is not a 100% match to Photoshop feature for feature, but it is all that a sophisticated non-professional needs in a photo editor. You can do so much with it and the learning curve is not so steep. Has very useful tutuorials and plenty of online forums with great user interaction. It all comes down to price, features and your intended use. It is a wonderful application for the price. I like to have fun editing my photos and to this day, I have never felt a need to spend the extra money for Photoshop. I hope this helped. :-)
Yes, provided the video files are compatible with the software. I use it to splice music videos for YouTube.
I would say if you can get the video off U tube onto your hard drive you can manipulate it any way you wish. But I think this program doesn't help you get video from unwilling sources.
Yes - there are a couple of ways to remove objects and people. It works much like Photoshop in that regard.
I would recommend you try the Corel Paintshop Pro X5 Suite. It's affordabe and easy to use. I' ve been using this for 2 years now and it helps me alot in my photo and video works. Good luck.
It is two programs in one box. Two CDs.
Yes. I've had no problems.
This is a very hard question to answer. I assume that you are asking about the comparison between CorelDraw in general and CS6, right? Not between the Student Suites and CS6? Basically, the design logic behind these two programs are very different, on purpose, of course. If you are used to one, it's hard to get used to the other one. It's just like Apple vs. Microsoft. Personally, I think I am more of an expert of Corel than of Adobe Photoshop. I know that Corel can do many easy tricks that are sometimes more complicated to achieve in Photoshop. I can do most of the things that Photoshop can do with Corel, but I am not expert enough to find something in Photoshop that I CAN'T do with Corel. There must be some, but I just don't know yet. Also, I think Corel is easier to use and you can create something similar with fewer and simpler steps in Corel, compared with Photoshop. But like I said earlier, this is a very personal perspective and experience-based. However, considering the prices between these two programs, if you are not a career graphic designer, and I would definitely recommend CorelDraw. On the contrary, if you think you will want to work in a graphic design company, Photoshop is the one to go. It also seems that Photoshop has a bigger support community which is either Adobe based, or supported by Adobe. If you'd like to know more about any specific areas, please do specify and let me know. Hope this helps.
Hi Norman. Yes, I successfully installed it this week. No problems whatsoever.
We purchased this for use in our department, also in a university setting. I have it installed on three network-attached user systems and another stand-alone system dedicated to a laser engraver. (Essentially just a glorified printer driver in that setting.) No problems with installation or registration.
Yes, it should open any old Corel files...I've been using Corel Draw since 1989...(v1.0!), and still have almost all of my disks, and sometimes dig then out to access old clip art. IF the OPEN COMMAND doesn't work, you may be able to get to it by using the IMPORT option. We are teaching my youngest the basics of Corel now.
Yes. I'm running it on Win 7 64 bit with no problems.
I had the Corel draw 3x version prior which when purchased years ago was the full version. I find this one to be comparable to that one and then it has some added features.
It's really hard to answer such a question, because it all depends on your level of skill and your expectation. Personally, I think it's awesome, and it can do more than what I want or need to do. I can only hope that you won't be disappointed.
The Corel website lists Brazilian Portuguese as one of the options. If you did not choose to install this as a language during your initial setup you need to use your installation disk and choose "Modify or Repair". At this point you can install additional languages that you can then choose from to use. To use a different language you need to click on "Tools" at the top of the screen and then click on "Options". Next select "Global" which will display the installed languages for you to choose from. Hope this helps.
Not sure what you mean Vector CD's but it can open adobe Illustrator Vector files use open with on the file and select CorelDraw program from the list
I've opened very old .cdr files...very old meaning the old DOS versions of CorelDRAW with the newer version of their Home and Student Suite 2014 without any issue. For whatever reason the only place you can get this newer version here in the US is via their website. Here's the link that also includes a comparison sheet. http://www.corel.com/corel/product/index.jsp?1=1&promo=5081&dcs_action=applyCoupon&url_coupon=5081&onyxcampaignid=5081&storeKey=us&pid=prod5140095#tab1
The program would not have that software. The 3 in one Printer would have to have the software that would allow you to scan the image. Once the image is scanned and loaded on the Sony PC, this program would let you modify it and touch up the image. You would need to speak to the 3 in One printer manufacturer about the software to scan the image and load it to the PC.
No manual comes with the CD. I think you can either download it or buy it. The program has "how to use tools and features with built in tutorials, printable instructions (which I understand is a manual, but might not be), and getting started screens"
Yes. Select edit, select image, select watermarking.
Yes. It's the full version.
Yes, it has a Warp Brush with Expand and Contract functions and also has a Makeover Palette with a Thinify Tool.
I've just completed the upgrade to 8.1 and the app started up with a problem though I've not thoroughly tested it. However, I only use the application to resize photos of properties for website advertising. So, it is possible that some aspects of the app won't work. But, as it did start up okay, I'd be reasonably confident in running it on 8.1.
I believe they will be separate installs. I know I had 8, 9 and X installed on an older computer and they were all separate installs. You might be able to find an upgrade to X3 but I know the one I bought was the full program.
I have no idea what you are referring to. I was really writing about X6 but there wasn't any page posted yet for the newest version. So I simply used X5 to make comments about X6. Sorry about that.
Sorry - I don't know the answer to these questions.
Yes. Paintshop is a great complex...but a complex one. Suggest you buy a "how-to" book, this will answer this and many other questions you may have. Best way to get the most and the best out of the program. Unfortunately, the book is neessary to get any value out out of the program. My question is, why doesn't this come with the purchase of the program?!**
Yes, you can import and export files in all the common formats, and can edit the image in a variety of ways to change how it appears.
I am not sure and I will have to check.
I am not familiar with Corel Photo Album, but I can tell you that with PaintShop Pro X5 Ultimate you CAN organize photos into albums and easily upload them to Facebook, Flicker, or Google+. There is also something called Share My Trip which provides for creation of a slideshow that maps your photos by location. The project is saved as an HTML file and may be easily shared. Hope that helps.
Not familiar with Jacs PSP7. I picked up what I liked to work with pretty quickly after switching from Corel Paintshop Pro x2. Found a lot of neat interface changes as I got used to it. Very flexible program. Although I haven't worked with the areas you mentioned, I know they are supported in the program. I love all the special effects and play with them using my photos in designing for fabric. Hope this helps a little.
Jasc was bought purchased by Corel in 2004. Yes it does rotate pictures. As for animation; I'm not sure if your looking for animated gif's or actually video animation. I would recommend that you download the 30 Day Trial of PaintShop Pro X5 from Corel http://www.corel.com/corel/product/index.jsp?pid=prod4900069&cid=catalog20038&segid=8100006&storeKey=us and see if it is what you are looking for. If your looking at actual video creation there are quite a few programs on the market. I have used both: Windows Movie Maker (http://windows.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-live/movie-maker#t1=overview) and Pinnacle Studio (http://www.pinnaclesys.com/PublicSite/us/Products/Consumer+Products/Home+Video/Studio+Family/) Windows Movie Maker should already be on your computer if your running Windows Vista, 7, or 8. Pinnacle Studio I haven't purchased the newest version mine is a few years old and works great if your creating a large movie with hundreds of pictures. If your on a MAC then iLife/iMovie - http://www.apple.com/ilife/imovie/ (I haven't used it but hear that it works great) Hope that helps you out. If you have additional questions please feel free to comment back. MW
yes
What kind of problem? Print quality, size, resolution??? Can you be more specific?
If you save the image as you would images from other graphic programs I'm sure you could. I've never had a problem moving pictures from my hard drive over to CD or DVD, and I haven't seen anything about this program that would prevent doing the same thing. I just haven't actually had the program long enough to have had occasion to do that yet, but I have used many graphic programs that behave similar to this one and I've had no problem with it. I hope this is helpful.
Yes it is
Internet Security 2013 offers more protection compare to antivirus 2013.Internet Security 2013 offers you advanced identity protection, two- way fire wall, Anti-Spam and Parental- Control. But of course the best of all is Kaspersky Pure 2.0 which offers even greater protection that the one's mentioned above if you do not mind to pay more.
It says on the box that it is compatible with windows 8. The only thing you need to do to install is close all programs and run the install. Program will let you know if you need to do anything else. Just follow the instructions in screen.
Yes. It works with any brand of computer that has XP, Vista, Windows 7, or Windows8
Yeah, they got the picture wrong. Its actually KIS 2013. You can read my review too for more info.
Yes, you can use 2013 versions and will be good for a full 365 days even though you only install it in 2014. In fact, they will offer you to update the 2013 version to the latest 2014 version free of charge at some time in your 365 day period of use. They offered the 2014 version to me just last evening. I tried to update my 2013 version to the 2014 version last night and was not successful. Following their instructions to update was not quite clear, but I will try again. If you can get the latest 2014 version installed, it will be good for the remainder of days you have left to use.
I have no experience with Win 8. I have Win 7, and it works great.
sorry, but I don't know the answer to your question.
Its wonderful security for a great price.
I believe you can just download the software BUT if something happens to your machine and you need to reload it on a new machine before the year is out, I think you'll be required to buy another license. I prefer to actually have the disc so I have options at a later date.
Internet Security 2013 offers more protection compare to antivirus 2013.Internet Security 2013 offers you advanced identity protection, two- way fire wall, Anti-Spam and Parental- Control. But of course the best of all is Kaspersky Pure 2.0 which offers even greater protection that the one's mentioned above if you do not mind to pay more.
It says on the box that it is compatible with windows 8. The only thing you need to do to install is close all programs and run the install. Program will let you know if you need to do anything else. Just follow the instructions in screen.
Yes. It works with any brand of computer that has XP, Vista, Windows 7, or Windows8
Yeah, they got the picture wrong. Its actually KIS 2013. You can read my review too for more info.
Yes, you can use 2013 versions and will be good for a full 365 days even though you only install it in 2014. In fact, they will offer you to update the 2013 version to the latest 2014 version free of charge at some time in your 365 day period of use. They offered the 2014 version to me just last evening. I tried to update my 2013 version to the 2014 version last night and was not successful. Following their instructions to update was not quite clear, but I will try again. If you can get the latest 2014 version installed, it will be good for the remainder of days you have left to use.
I have no experience with Win 8. I have Win 7, and it works great.
sorry, but I don't know the answer to your question.
Its wonderful security for a great price.
I believe you can just download the software BUT if something happens to your machine and you need to reload it on a new machine before the year is out, I think you'll be required to buy another license. I prefer to actually have the disc so I have options at a later date.
Nope! I even contacted their helpdesk and they said that they are "working with Apple." These guys are late in the game. If you have an iPhone, get something else. Additionally they said, "However, we do have a product called safe eyes which keeps you safe on-the-go with powerful Internet filtering for the iPad, iPhone or iPod touch. Safe Eyes Mobile allows you to decide the type of content that is appropriate for you and your family and enjoy your mobile Web without the worry."
It is for multiple devices
Works for me
Better call their helpdesk...personally, I don't think the 2013 key will work with the 2014 version!
IT RUNS FROM THE TIME YOU START YOUR PC, YES :)
One copy will work multiple PCstablets, up to a certain number of devices.
4
It's 2013. My box had that it was compatible on it. I've used it on Vista, Win7 andwin8. All my applications work very well on my desk top and two laptops. Hope this helps...JP
PC Tune up will not update drivers.
No. I didn't like the fact that you had to go to AVG website to finish installing. Either you purchased it or you didn't.
Yes, you can dictate a book to Dragon! That is my reason for using it. When you first start, it goes through some exercises so that the software recognizes your style of conversation and any accent you have. That makes it very intuitive when you start talking and dictating. It does perform punctuation and grammar when you instruct it. So if you haven't done that before, you will need to get used to that. You will say things like ... Quote, comma, period, end quote. But another user mentioned that it doen't help with that, and I believe he or she means that if you don't know correct punctuation or grammar, it won't edit for you. Also, you can train it to know how to spell things like names that are different. On my iPad, I can't get it to ever spell my name right, but Dragon will learn and then do it correctly from that point on. You can even learn instructions for going back a few words and tell it to capitalize or delete or add something. It does take time to learn these things, but it is well worth the investment, especially if you don't type fast or need to stand. I think a person could also purchase a Bluetooth if they wanted to be doing something at the same time! But I haven't tried that yet. Best wishes to you as you write your book!
Yes Dragon NaturallySpeaking v 12 will work with Windows 8, no previous versions of Dragon will work with Windows 8. http://www.nuance.com/ucmprod/groups/corporate/@web-enus/documents/collateral/nc_026405.pdf
The first answer is wrong. I actually believe that the Mac version will do that (being on line), but the Windows version as long as it is running, it only checks to see if there is an upgrade, and that's it. And if there is no internet connection, it runs anyway. You can install and activate the program five times. Although it is only licensed for one user.
It won't Don, the Mac versions "Dragon Dictate" & "MacSpeech" are what you would need and they cost considerably more than the PC Dragon Home. $150.00 to $200.00 new. Maybe you may find a deal on a used version for Mac at Amazon. I bought mine used for about half the price of the new software simply because the box seal was broken. I sure am happy with my Dragon though. Once you get used to it you sure save a lot of time.
Your question is unclear. Are you asking about MS Office 2010 or Windows Server 2010? It should work with Word 2010 but since I use Word 2007 I cannot verify that. If you're asking about the Windows Server 2010 the answer is no; Dragon 12 works with server 2008 but no indication it works with 2010 or 2013.
Have you tried copying the entire contents of the disc to a USB flash drive and installing to your computer from the flash drive?
Yes it is. Just make sure you have updated to the latest version of Naturally Speaking.
When you make your profile, the program lets you select your accent from a list. Also, the program constantly learns from and adapts to your particular way of speaking. It should definately be able to adapt to your husband's accent and it will get better and better the more he uses it.
yes there are no restrictions on number of users
Nuance says (http://www.nuance.com/for-individuals/by-product/dragon-for-pc/home-version/index.htm) "We recommend 2 GB for 32-bit Windows XP, Windows Vista, Windows 7, Windows 8 and Windows Server 2008, 4 GB for 64-bit Windows 7, Windows 8, Windows Server 2008, and Windows Server 2012. (Minimum: 1 GB for Windows XP and Windows Vista, 2 GB for Windows 7, Windows 8, Windows Server 2008, and Windows Server 2012)." I would assume that means all versions of windows including Windows 8.1
yes on three different computers, I have it on two different laptops and one desktop
Yes but do not use the PC Tune Up. It sent windows 8 into a tailspin and I am not sure how I recovered it but I had to uninstall it immediately. AVG internet security works great. If you go on AVG site you can see other issues logged about the pc tuneup not working.
I am not sure. I don't see that specifically listed.
I bought an external hard drive copied everything on that and then to the new compter. Wish i had done that before wasting my money. Also, this product WILL NOT transfer any Microsoft Office software. You will need the discs. This developers customer service department told me that it would transfer Office...that is why I bought it. Then they denied that any of their people would say that...yeah well, I am fairly capable and educated and know what I heard.
Yes it can be used more than once as long as it is used on the original 2 machines that it was installed on. If you wish to transfer to more than one PC you have to have additional liscense.
Hi Rodney. I've been using PC Mover for several years... It's a great product. The answer to your question is a little tricky. IF you can connect BOTH computers to the same network (e.g. in your home or office), either by wire OR by wireless (or even a combination), then PC Mover can do the entire transfer over the network. It's pretty easy. When you load the software, it'll ask how you want to do the transfer. Select "Network". Load the software on both computers (I think they want you to load the "new" computer first, but the instructions will talk you through that) and follow the rest of the instructions. If you can't get both of the computers on the same network, then you'll need a USB transfer cable OR you'll have to connect both "hard drives" to the same computer (I'm a technician, so that's easy for me to do... Most people wouldn't go that route). I hope that helps. If you need more assistance, feel free to write.
YES! I just transferred Office 2013 from one machine to a new machine and it works just fine. A few years ago, Office 2003 transferred perfectly as well - both programs and documents.
Ira, I transferred my photo software (Corel PaintShop) and Microsoft Office 2003 just fine when I used Laplink. What is more, all the associated data files transferred as well in the same submenu structure as I had them on the old computer.
I'm not sure what you are trying to accomplish here. I'm guessing that you are moving the complete old PC to a new PC. PCmover will move all of your software like Office and Quicken to your new PC. Your software will be fully functional in the destination PC. The new PC will be a carbon copy of the old one. I have done this several times and I'm still impressed how PCmover copies everything to a new PC. I hope this is the answer to your question. You can also call Laplink support to get more answers. They are very helpful when you call.
I don't think it would work... The product requires that software be installed on each machine. It's doubtful that the external hard drive would have the processor to run a program. I could be wrong, of course, but having used the product myself, my thought is that it won't work.
No
Yes i just used this within the last month on an 8.1 operating system. Follow the instructions carefully!
IF I had to this, I would transfer the info from the external drive to the old computer and then use Laplink to move the data to the new computer. You can drag & drop files from the drive with explorer. However you cannot transfer programs. Good luck
I bought an external hard drive copied everything on that and then to the new compter. Wish i had done that before wasting my money. Also, this product WILL NOT transfer any Microsoft Office software. You will need the discs. This developers customer service department told me that it would transfer Office...that is why I bought it. Then they denied that any of their people would say that...yeah well, I am fairly capable and educated and know what I heard.
Yes it can be used more than once as long as it is used on the original 2 machines that it was installed on. If you wish to transfer to more than one PC you have to have additional liscense.
Hi Rodney. I've been using PC Mover for several years... It's a great product. The answer to your question is a little tricky. IF you can connect BOTH computers to the same network (e.g. in your home or office), either by wire OR by wireless (or even a combination), then PC Mover can do the entire transfer over the network. It's pretty easy. When you load the software, it'll ask how you want to do the transfer. Select "Network". Load the software on both computers (I think they want you to load the "new" computer first, but the instructions will talk you through that) and follow the rest of the instructions. If you can't get both of the computers on the same network, then you'll need a USB transfer cable OR you'll have to connect both "hard drives" to the same computer (I'm a technician, so that's easy for me to do... Most people wouldn't go that route). I hope that helps. If you need more assistance, feel free to write.
YES! I just transferred Office 2013 from one machine to a new machine and it works just fine. A few years ago, Office 2003 transferred perfectly as well - both programs and documents.
Ira, I transferred my photo software (Corel PaintShop) and Microsoft Office 2003 just fine when I used Laplink. What is more, all the associated data files transferred as well in the same submenu structure as I had them on the old computer.
I'm not sure what you are trying to accomplish here. I'm guessing that you are moving the complete old PC to a new PC. PCmover will move all of your software like Office and Quicken to your new PC. Your software will be fully functional in the destination PC. The new PC will be a carbon copy of the old one. I have done this several times and I'm still impressed how PCmover copies everything to a new PC. I hope this is the answer to your question. You can also call Laplink support to get more answers. They are very helpful when you call.
I don't think it would work... The product requires that software be installed on each machine. It's doubtful that the external hard drive would have the processor to run a program. I could be wrong, of course, but having used the product myself, my thought is that it won't work.
No
Yes i just used this within the last month on an 8.1 operating system. Follow the instructions carefully!
IF I had to this, I would transfer the info from the external drive to the old computer and then use Laplink to move the data to the new computer. You can drag & drop files from the drive with explorer. However you cannot transfer programs. Good luck
Gerald, I own this product and have had no problems. Yes, it is slow on some projects. I'm sorry but I really can't answer your question as I am not that computer savvy.
I have has some success with it. It will ask you to download an add on. It is safe and it helps. I've had some newer DVD's that didn't work. Hope this helps. Otherwise, I highly recommend.
You must have a Blue Ray Burner to burn Blue Ray Disc
I can't say for certain, but pretty sure it will work. I had great success converting DVD and Blu Ray movies
yes, it can compress double layer DVDs to fit single layer 5gb DVDs, but the program can only do one task a time, and is very slow. Even it says it duplicates in 30 minutes, it is far from that. On average it takes about 3 hours to make one copy, and it does not offer to store in hard drive after copy is done.
I'm sorry, but I can't answer the question because the software was never able to show the "destination" drive. I contacted support and they weren't able to get it to work, either.
It has copied all that I have tried.
You can make two different profiles for you and your wife.
Dragon no es un traductor, sino un transcriptor de voz que escribir lo que le sea dictado. El programa "sabe espaol", de manera que ir escribiendo lo que escucha con la correcta ortografa del espaol. Finalmente, un detalle importante, el programa va a prendiendo ms a medida que es usado, pues incorpora aquellas palabras que no conoca a medida que tiene "ms experiencia" con la propia voz, estilo y vocabulario de cada usuario. En fin: nada que temer.
Hi Graciella. I have Dragon Naturally Speaking Home 12 Spanish installed in a pc with Windows 8 64 bits and it works great. I haven't had any problem using it at all.
With DNS Spanish version you can dictate in English. You just need to produce a separate profile for the English dictation. From what Nuance told me, the English versin does not work in Spanish. If you need just English, you can get it way cheaper that the Spanish version. But, if you need to dictate both in Spanish and English, like I need, then the Spanish version is the only one.
Yes it is included
hi Jorge. no, the Spanish 12 Home, it does NOT allow for English dictation. only Spanish. However the Spanish 12 Premium edition, DOES support both Spanish AND English dictation (user profiles). here on Amazon, i notice the seller named "DragonMaster" has the Spanish 12 Premium edition for a right good price, with very fast service and good ratings. Check it out.
According to the product website it indicates that Dragon Naturally Speaking 12 is compatible with Windows 8 both 32 and 64 bit versions. I have only installed this program in Windows 7 64 bit.
That has been my own question to Nuance for several years now. Their answer is a definitive NO, so far. The Spanish version can be used to dictate in English, but the English version does not accept Spanish speech; since it does not have the vocabulary, etc. (I wish Nuance would change their mind, since Nuance sends all of us nice offers for the English upgrades, while we have to pay full price for the Spanish upgrade).
Its not bilingual. I recommended the same version but blue box, called premiun.
Kaspersky's "Internet Security" (usually more expensive) is an fancier version of "Anti-Virus" (usually cheaper). You pick one or the other, do not purchase both. This website shows the differences: http://usa.kaspersky.com/renewal/home-user-renewals Oddly, the back of the Anti-Virus box has a more better breakdown of the differences. I don't know why they don't put that on their website.
It comes with 1 year of a subscription. You can put it on 3 computers, but the subscription starts from the day you first put it on the first computer. Make sure to uninstall all other (including Kaspersky) anti-virus software before installing. (Do not use the internet, meanwhile!)
I have it installed and it updates every day itself if I stay on line for awhile or you can update it your self any time you want. This is the second year I've used this product and it seems to work well.
According to Kaspersky's website their 2013 Anti-virus is "Windows 8 Compatible". Website: http://usa.kaspersky.com/renewal/home-user-renewals
Sorry mate this version is for Windows there maybe a MAC version try kaspersky.com
No
You can always upgrade to the next year's version if you have a valid license with time on it from the previous year. After installing the 2013, just download the new version and save it. Then uninstall the old version, making sure that the box about saving the activation code is checked. Finally, install the new version you've downloaded. It should find the activation code automatically. I've done it many times over the years. It's never failed. Be SURE that you match the type of new product with the old for it to work!! For example, if your old version is Anti-virus, be sure you don't replace it with Internet Security if you intend to use the same license. Also, if you have one year, 3 users, be sure to stick with that, too.
yes. I am running this on an older netbook witb 1gig ram and a small hard drive.
Clock starts when app is first installed on 1st PC ... subsequent PCs clocks are linked to this first installation date. App will be automatically updated with then current virus databases. Automatic updates expire after 1 year, but app is still functioning; although database will not be updated. That's when you re-order another year ... or as I do, order another 3-PC version.
Kaspersky's "Internet Security" (usually more expensive) is an fancier version of "Anti-Virus" (usually cheaper). You pick one or the other, do not purchase both. This website shows the differences: http://usa.kaspersky.com/renewal/home-user-renewals Oddly, the back of the Anti-Virus box has a more better breakdown of the differences. I don't know why they don't put that on their website.
It comes with 1 year of a subscription. You can put it on 3 computers, but the subscription starts from the day you first put it on the first computer. Make sure to uninstall all other (including Kaspersky) anti-virus software before installing. (Do not use the internet, meanwhile!)
I have it installed and it updates every day itself if I stay on line for awhile or you can update it your self any time you want. This is the second year I've used this product and it seems to work well.
According to Kaspersky's website their 2013 Anti-virus is "Windows 8 Compatible". Website: http://usa.kaspersky.com/renewal/home-user-renewals
Sorry mate this version is for Windows there maybe a MAC version try kaspersky.com
No
You can always upgrade to the next year's version if you have a valid license with time on it from the previous year. After installing the 2013, just download the new version and save it. Then uninstall the old version, making sure that the box about saving the activation code is checked. Finally, install the new version you've downloaded. It should find the activation code automatically. I've done it many times over the years. It's never failed. Be SURE that you match the type of new product with the old for it to work!! For example, if your old version is Anti-virus, be sure you don't replace it with Internet Security if you intend to use the same license. Also, if you have one year, 3 users, be sure to stick with that, too.
yes. I am running this on an older netbook witb 1gig ram and a small hard drive.
Clock starts when app is first installed on 1st PC ... subsequent PCs clocks are linked to this first installation date. App will be automatically updated with then current virus databases. Automatic updates expire after 1 year, but app is still functioning; although database will not be updated. That's when you re-order another year ... or as I do, order another 3-PC version.
Yes, AVG antivirus works seamlessly with Windows XP, Windows 7 and even then this version of Microsoft's operating system Windows 8.
I do not have an answer for you.
3 PC were to be covered for 1 yr
Yes, AVG antivirus works seamlessly with Windows XP, Windows 7 and even then this version of Microsoft's operating system Windows 8.
I do not have an answer for you.
3 PC were to be covered for 1 yr
I know I'm a tad late but this should answer your question. http://www.nuance.co.uk/ucmct/groups/dragon/@web-enuk/documents/collateral/nc_017789.pdf
Yes. But since I have bought it, I had to buy a new headset. The one that came with stopped working within a few months.
yes... http://www.amazon.com/Dragon-Dictate-Version-3-0-Mac/dp/B009348X7Q/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1363719446&sr=8-1&keywords=dragon+software+for+mac
I could not get it to work on windows 7 tried to use the update and still would not work. Had to return it and will never buy it again!
Yes
I wish I could answer this for you, but I have never used it for anything except dictating to my computer. I do love it, and it makes dictating notes and emails so much easier, but I don't like the headset that comes with it. I ended up buying another one that is much more comfortable. Sorry I couldn't answer your question.
Two
Yes
I honestly don't know because I have windows 7. It does say on the box that it runs with windows 8, but I just don't personally know for sure.
I wish I could answer your question, but I have used an old one for about 5 years, and I am not very savvy about electronics. I can tell you that its sensitivity and accuracy is significantly better than my OLD one, although I pretty much only use it to write emails and other office work. I am satisfied with it, if that helps you at all.
The manual is on-line. You'll have to search for it on their website, but it's 242, 8.5 x 11" "pdf" printable pages.
If they take the time to learn it Yes
6gb ram is plenty. You also need 1.5 GHz Processor or above.
Don't know, I'm mac based, sorry
I do not know. Possibly.
Yes
It contains separate cds
Yes. You would probably need to cut up the picture, so each element is isolated (arms, hands, legs, feet, torso, neck and head.) You can also draw various mouth positions (phonetic positions) for the lip syncing. Here's their link to a video on lip syncing: http://anime.smithmicro.com/tutorials/as9/debut/auto-lip-synching.html
To my knowledge there about the same. Might be just a little different from each other but probably not that much difference.
it is for one computer only if you want it on another computer you must buy additional license for each extra computer
Yes it is compatible with Windows 8.. HOWEVER- BitDefender has already released a new product that they claim is tailored specifically for Windows 8, it is called "Windows 8 Security".
no, you get updates for the life of the license, after a year or two depending on how long a license you purchased you can either renew or better yet purchased another copy, by then the 2015 version.
You can write to Bitdefender and perhaps, if you complain enough, they might turn it off. It is not possible for the user to turn it off.
You are probably going to pay for the product cd one way or another. I would go directly to Bitdefender, or look on Amazon for the best deal from Bitdefender for the machines you want to cover with the Total Security Suite and get the CD so you have it. I am sure that you can go to the Bitdefender site and with a credit card and/or PayPal, or the Amazon equivalent of PayPal, you can download the product and the key with delivery of the CD in the mail. I assume this. One key applies to the package you are purchasing...that is, the same key for the three machines, etc. They have a new downloadable version for the Windows 8 and 8.1 environment that works very well, and when the 8.1 environment is released in October, they will be up to speed with that release as well. I think Bitdefender realizes that they have a great product and will do everything in their power to maintain their foothold in the Internet security market protection arena. I hope that this helps you.
I don't know how to send link but this is title " Total Security 2013 3PC 2Yr" type that in to amazon search and you will find the listing. I will refund you the shipping costs
I've got it installed on three pcs. Windows Vista, Windows 7, and Windows 8. I didn't have any issues at all.
It works great on any window. I have used bit defender since 2005.
i am currently using an older version on windows 8 that worked fine with 7. so i expect no problems with 2013.
My computer has windows 7 but I hope it will work on windows 8
This Value Edition is for 2 year vs the regular Bitdefender Total Security 2013 for 1 year
if it is already installed on your computer, then there is no need to install again ... only need to enter the activation code which should be printed on a label on the CD ... open Kaspersky program and you will find a label / button saying "Insert your activation code here" on the lower right corner. Even if you want to upgrade to a later version (e.g. you have 2012 and want to install 2013), it is easier to upgrade by downloading from their website (to ensure you have the latest version) than install from the CD as long as your license is still valid (if expired, then enter the activation code first to renew/extend before upgrade). Hope it helps!
Yes it does.my pc runs on win8
I'm fairly sure it goes from your purchase date (or installation date.)
I recommend to you not to loose the protection of the product. If you want to wait is ok. but better be protected. Kaspersky 2013 is fine and sometimes you can update to the latestes version for free.
Just Like most internet security programs the quickest way is to go to Google or Bing and search Kaspersky uninstall tool. The uninstall tool will remove it completely. With all security programs just search for uninstall tool and it will remove it. Make sure its from the official site of the product you uninstall. BE Careful not to go to a site you don't know just incase its a virus. So the Kaspersky site is were the removal tool is found. Just like Symantec is the place you go for the Norton removal tool. Hope this helps.
3 PCs for 1 YR
It is compatible with 7 and both home and professional XP. Hope this helps. I have used this product for about 5 years on pc's and laptops and have not had a problem yet.
you will need to contact kaspersky about this. i dont like the new kaspersky, it doesn't seem to boot until after i am already connected to the internet and several other programs are already working.
What Alot of people don't know there are no viruses on iPhone, iPad, or Android devices. They are based on Linux and there are no real known viruses on Linux. There are only untrusted apps that might try to read your personal info. Only needed on Windows operating system. I'm a software developer for android devices and beta tester for virus programs on Windows.
You will have to install the software, and enter the Activation Code before it will give you your License Key. The Activation Code is located on the CD envelope. After the Activation Code is entered and the installation is complete, you can find your License Key when Kaspersky is launched. Just look for the word "Licensing". Just click on Licensing and you will see your License Key.
Can use it for both easily.
You need to get copies NOTARIZED by a Notary Public. You need to sign copies, too. I do not know what you have to do beyond that. Why don't you call your local courthouse?
Yes, all of the information you enter into the program resides and stays on your computer -- it is accessible only from your PC. Additionally, you have the option to password protect the program, so that you have to know the password to get to your documents. Hope that helps! -- Betsy Simmons Hannibal, Nolo editor of Quicken WillMaker Plus
No, the files created by Quicken Family Lawyer are incompatible with Quicken WillMaker Plus. However, Quicken WillMaker Plus 2013 is compatible with all prior versions of Quicken WillMaker, as well as Quicken Lawyer Personal and Quicken Lawyer Wills (from 2002 and 2003). For more about compatibility, see the Quicken WillMaker FAQ at http://www.nolo.com/technical-support/quicken-willmaker.html#Version . Hope that helps! -- Betsy Simmons Hannibal, Nolo editor of Quicken WillMaker Plus
No it doesn't. I bought it and had to return it.
Yes. It has a feature to allow you to start another set of documents under any other name. I have not found a limit so far and about 6 people in my family have used my software.
Pamela, did you try Nolo tech support for help with this?
no. you have to buy additional subscription from adobe
Yes, Quicken WillMaker 2013 installed easily on my (low end) Dell laptop running Windows 8. Nothing special on my part. Installed CD, clicked install, yes/OK to typical "pop-ups". Quicken WillMaker 2013 works as easily as earlier versions that I have used. Created Wills and other estate documents with ease. Absolutely satisfied with Quicken WillMaker 2013 and purchase/delivery via Amazon.
Yes there is a section for living wills.
Paul I do not. I just know that For me the big difference is the ability to use the same profile (the recognition of a certain spoken word which becomes a written word) on multipile machines. Dragon learns as you go if you correct the mistakes it makes. You want to save this learning http://www.nuance.com/ucmprod/groups/dragon/@web-enus/documents/collateral/nc_025214.pdf
No - there is only one version for Mac which is called Dragon Dictate (version 3.)
There are separate Dragon products for German. There is a Dragon 12 German Premium product and a Dragon 12 German Professional product, each of which might be appropriate. Availability in the US is limited, some certified Dragon dealers such as ourselves would be able to obtain it (expect delays of several weeks) but you may be better off finding a European dealer. The German version includes English. Decide whether you need Premium or Professional based on feature comparisons available for the English editions as these differences are essentially the same in the German editions.
Dragon works extraordinarily well with Excel. With text entry and with numerical entry Dragon NaturallySpeaking has surpassed 99% accuracy for my use. The one quibble I do have with it is that I've yet be able to successfully remap all the keys from the number pad to other hotkeys in order to not interfere with numerical data entry in Excel. The other small quibble is that auto complete in Microsoft Excel 2010 does not work smoothly with Dragon. This can lead to repetitive data entries which are similar but not quite identical which leads to the need to make manual corrections in your data sets in order for pivot tables and data comparison to work smoothly.
This particular version of Dragon Naturally Speaking is designed to install on MS Windows. You can probably use your Android device to record an audio file to upload to your Windows based PC, like a dictation device.
I believe Nuance will give you 30 days. Let me show you my demo (I used Medical version though) that I created to show a friend http://www.flickr.com/photos/little_pooky/10578881796/ It works quite well as long as you speak clearly.
I have never tried that software. It works great in MS word, Excel, etc. Be careful in areas with a lot of background noise!
I use the Flexymike. It's great!
Yes, it does. I am using it with Windows 8.1.
Interesting question... If it is your voice that has been trained on Dragon and it's your voice on the old audio tapes, I would think yes! If not, you could try it; as my daughter picked up my headset once and her voice transcribed pretty well without being trained. You may want to call : 1-888-831-0088 ask for Mike
Anyone can use it but for optimal use, each user should create a user profile and allow Dragon to train using his or her voice.
Just the price :-)
Probably not. However, when we ordered Dragon, a headset was included in the box, so you shouldn't need to worry about your existing headset.
Im presuming its minor bug fixes and/or patches...I updated it and I haven't noticed anything different but then, Im not a hard core user either. Maybe someone that uses it more would notice something .
$49.99 is the Home version and doesn't provide some features compared to the Premium: 1.Application Support:Spreadsheets 2. Application Support:Presentations 3. Advanced Correction/Editing : Ability to playback your speech in documents 4. Ability to create multiple audio sources (more than one type of audio input device) sharing a vocabulary within the same profile 5. Ability to import/export custom word lists and user profiles 6. Easily create commands to insert frequently used text and/or graphics by voice You may look up the difference at the url: http://www.nuance.com/ucmprod/groups/dragon/@web-enus/documents/collateral/nc_025214.pdf Hope this is helpful.
You can teach it the words that doesn't know, and next time it is spoken, it will know how to spell it correctly. If you go into medicine, Dragon medical works best. It is quite expensive but it does have 90 medical specialties built-in. Here's a demonstration of it. All versions of Dragon NaturallySpeaking use the same voice recognition engine, so the accuracy rate is basically the same, as long as the words are included in its vocabulary. http://www.flickr.com/photos/little_pooky/10578881796/
If the microphone is close enough to the speaker, it doesn't matter whose voice it is. The speech recognition programs on newer versions of windows is at least as good as Dragon, in my opinion.
Yes, we have it on two laptops an older one and a new toshiba it works great with both. it takes a little time to train the software but it's great for school and documentation
I tried it and it works in WordPad.
Yes, although the quality of the headset is not outstanding.
It is a dictation software, you "speak" to it through a line or USB microphone and the software types your spoken words in a word processer software, most commonly MS Word. This particular version is for Spanish. I do translations from English into Spanish and I can tell you it is a very import part of my gear, it slashes by more than half the time it would otherwise take me to translate audio and/or books. Hope this helps!!!
It has a base of words (quite extensive), but the ones that it doesn't recognize you can "teach" them to it.
Hello Carlos, This program is used by my wife for her interpretation business, so I do not use it personally. I can tell you that you can set up two profiles within it, one Spanish and one English, and use the program either way. Once you have trained the program to your voice and way of speaking, it is very accurate. About the only thing that will make the program lose accuracy is when there are other noises in the room. If you have a good microphone and a quiet environment, the program is almost perfect, and making corrections is easy too. Be sure that you have enough memory in RAM, and that you have enough hard disc space available too. These files can get pretty big, and if you are running low on either memory, the program will begin to do strange things. I upgraded my wife's computer so that she wouldn't have to worry about this for a while, and she hasn't had any issues with the program. I highly recommend it!
YES WE CAN please email us
I dont know about this specific device. However if you try to record from another device it won't work. In order for the software to work you most use your voice and a microphone.
No
Yes, you can. I have the spanish version, and you can create an user in English that works pretty well (dependimg pn ypu accent, of course)
In the box you will find the CD needed to load the program onto your computer, the instructions, the license and a headset for audio and mic.
The following Nuance products are compatible and supported on Windows 8: *Dragon NaturallySpeaking 12 *OmniPage Ultimate *OmniPage 18 *PDF Converter 8 *PDF Converter Professional/Enterprise 8 *PDF Create 8 *PaperPort Professional 14 *PaperPort 14.5, 14.2 *Note - PaperPort 14.5 is supported on Windows 8.1. The following Nuance products are not supported on Windows 8: *Dragon NaturallySpeaking 11, 10 *OmniPage 17, 16 *OmniPage Professional 17, 16 *PaperPort 12, 11 *PaperPort Professional 12, 11 *PDF Converter 7, 6 *PDF Converter Professional/Enterprise 7, 6 *PDF Create 7, 6
hello Jose. the simple answer is, yes, Dragon 12 can be installed on 2 computers, for one user. i can explain to you more about that, or, if you have any other questions about Dragon, just let me know, and please check out my listing for this item. i have the very latest version ... 12.5 Premium. just look for me, i am The Dragonmaster , here on Amazon. thanks !!
no clue. sorry. If you are in sales and hate to type reports, get it. It rocks.
No it does not
The included headset uses Bluetooth. Otherwise, the software is the regular Premium v12. You can use it with any wired headset even if you bought the wireless edition. No WiFi needed.
Yes it will.
Get Dragon Dictate 3.0
seems ok so far
Yes, you can. Enjoy!
Yes if you buy that version. It's marked on the box, those with the Bluetooth and those without
The version that I have is English. I believe that there are other languages available, but the default language is english for Dragon 12.
no, but the developer has other tools for other devices, which you can research here: http://www.nuance.com/for-individuals/index.htm.
As long as it records in MP3, or WAV formats, Dragon NaturallySpeaking will be able to process the file. You will have to train the program at the minimum of 4 min. first. It works quite well for me but I usually dictate "live" as I am doing now to answer this question.
I wouldn't feel qualified to answer that because I don't know your child. I'd recommend that you speak with you child's teacher who is familiar with your child's abilities and needs. If you are a home schooler, you could certainly order the software, teach yourself to use it (which is fun and useful anyway), then just try it with your child. If he has no speech or hearing impairment, I would predict that he would pick it up just fine if he's interested.
Yes and no. When using Dragon the speaker must speak in a way that will allow the Dragon software to accurately copy the dialogue. When preaching a sermon you do not say "period" "comma" "next paragraph" "exclamation" and such. Therefore, even though your words will be copied to text it may take you longer to edit your document then to just transcribe it. If you use Greek and Hebrew words they will probably not transcribe unless you teach your software these words first. Plus when you speak into Dragon it must be steady and clear. Usually preaching is not that way unless talk like Alexander Scourby reads. This of course is up to you. Of course you could just read the Bible aloud and your text would already be in print.
Get an external drive.
The newest version supports Windows 8.
The answer is "Yes." by going to "manage user profiles", you can choose a "new profile "and train the voice of the second person, and without deleting prior voice profiles. Thus, you can use the same software for different people by selecting the appropriate profile in the "open user profile" window.
Yes, up to three.
I haven't used it on older operating systems, but my experience is all over the board with the other versions. I have had it work better on a netbook than a full powered desktop so its hard to say. 12 is better by far than other versions so I would give it a shot. I have noticed less conflicts when using other word processor programs (open office) than Microsoft Word.
I use a Sony and it seems to wor4k great for me
Sorry I can't tell you. I don't know. I don't have an iPad - I can say don't pay too much for this awful soft and you won't be too disappointed. It is virtually unusable for me. I speak reasonably coherently and intelligibly as far as I know...but this soft does not do what it says and has too many errors to be usable as a viable business aid. Perhaps in another 15 years they might get it right. I look on my perpetually hopeful purchases over the years as contributions to their research program as they seem to be the only ones out there trying to crack this very obvious nut.
It is very poor comparatively speaking. I have an Olympus dss for interviews I have to conduct as part of my job and its so much nicer than the Phillips they include. It's just my dss isn't that comparable with the dragon. I would recommend purchasing one outside of their package. It is a Phillips but just a cheap one and not worth it imo
Yes
Software, digital recorder and headset are all included. Set up and beginning use are easy. I recommend the product.
I received a Phillips digital recorder boxed with my version of Dragon speak 12.0. I have yet to use it, however and do not know if other digital recorders would be compatible but I assume so.
No. The software has to be "trained" for each person's voice who will use it.
Yes, in fact that is the entire purpose of the program.
It will only record your voice. I tried using it to record meetings and was unsuccessful. It's product information is clear about that, but I decided to try anyway.
I believe if you transfer your writings to word, it will print. However I have been so disgusted with this program that I don't use it. Good luck my friend
No, it does not
I suggest you use the Dragon that can be downloaded from the Apple App store. This one is for Windows.
While it did not fix the problem I was having while booting directly, it did allow me to get to the MS-DOS prompt where I could access the windows file directory. This allowed me to get the the windows\system32 directory to correct the problem myself. Therefore, I would recommend it if you don't have a copy of the original Windows Vista CD handy with you. Hope this helps...
No it cannot, this disc does not have the actual operating system on it, it only comes with recovery tools that vista would boot from. The disc allows you to bypass standard startup procedures. This is all what I have gathered from other sources seeing as the disc did nothing on my computer, meaning it did not load.
It didn't fix mine.
Yes,it should do the trick
Whether it actually works is beyond me, the one I got was either a cheap copy or a defective disk and when I called the seller I got it from for help, he was very unhelpful and I called Dell for support and then Microsoft and MS told me that Vista was discontinued. You'd be better off just upgrading to 7 or 8
I have not tried that so don't really know for sure. I just re-formatted the hard drive before starting from scratch because there was a virus on the hard drive that wouldn't let me run the system.
Sure. You would just have three licenses. One for each computer instead of one license shared by all three.
Oh yes.
This is the whole program that we used to upgrade 2010.
Yes, a 60-day satisfaction guarantee is offered by the product's publisher, Intuit. If you purchased from Amazon and got the box, generate the RMA under My Orders and send it back. If it was a download, first uninstall QuickBooks from your computer and then forward the confirmation e-mail you received for your order to ereturns@intuit.com, and indicate that you'd like a refund. Intuit will only honor your refund if you contact them within 60 days of purchase.
You would just then make it the price with mark up, if that's what you are wanting. Or maybe I don 't understand what exactly you are wanting to show.
This program comes on a disk and so you don't have to have the internet to load it onto your computer. It will work just like it is. However be forewarned, many of the great features on this program such as email integration,credit card acceptance,and online banking, do require the internet to work. Also software updates,tax updates, are usually done over the internet.
Sorry John I'm unfamiliar with this. Try Calling Toll Free 1-866-763-1760 QuickBooks Support. Good luck.
The version we purchased were off the shelf single user license. I understand that there are multi-user versions available.
Look under the Product Description on this page. There's a chart that helps you figure out which product is right for you. The chart lists "Allows more than one user at a time" with two answers: QB 2013 offers "Up to 3, each sold separately," and QB 2013 Professional offers "Up to 5, each sold separately." I haven't see the "each sold separately" language in the past. The footnote verifies that "One user included; option to add up to two additional licenses for Pro and four for Premier-sold separately."
Yes you can set it up for what you need best wish
Yes. We have the program set up on our server and 3 other computers. 3 of us can all work on QB at the same time. The server is what prevents "crashes" when 2 users try to access the same thing at the same time. It has never happened that we know of - the server is smart enough to prevent problems. Great program.
I got the Disc when I bought this.
We're looking for one as well. Intuit has gotten so arrogant and so ridiculously expensive for small companies that they've left a hole in the market big enough to drive a startup company through. Sooner or later, they'll have a solid competitor and when that day comes, we'll be among the hundreds of thousands (or millions) bolting out of the Intuit gulag.
I have looked everywhere to confirm this as well. No luck yet
Hi Susana, I'm almost certain that the box version is for 3 employees. When you install it should give you the option of paying a fee to get the unlimited employee function. That's what we did. Please note that I am not an Intuit employee or anything, I've just used the software since 1996 so this response is just my personal experience. David
You will end up with $429 (plus state tax) as it was offered in QB Payroll subscription renewal. I thought I could save if I buy from Amazon, but then there is option if you need to add employees, you have to call Intuit and it would be the same total.
One must upgrade to the unlimited employees package; there's only two options with QBs - up to three employees, or unlimited (and the latter is only available with the online edition, period!). It's about a $100 more if I recall correctly, which quite honestly, is difficult to do with all the disturbing and extremely costly add-ons, fees, upgrades, additions, support, services, etc., which QBs perpetually assesses for the seemingly minor details and pompous efforts they provide to assist their patrons with their product. Apparently, this process is quite intentionally designed to limit service, comprehensive accessibility and ease of use to the consumer, while incurring greater costs as he/she becomes aware of the "bait and hook." And rather exorbitantly at that. Tread with caution. You will likely pay in excess of $600/yr to utilize this program effectively. Everything with QBs, which I believe ought to be simply included with the program, comes at an additional, and very unwelcome fee. Trust me. Look into the other free, online programs which provide a very similar service, without all the hype, unnecessary control and expensive fees for your small business. Essentially, QBs has got me very tightly wrapped around their little greedy fingers. The software itself is alright, but they design (and are constantly redesigning) it to be much more complicated than warranted in an obvious attempt to offer you support at a significant drain to your small business resources. If you're loaded, go for it. If not, I highly recommend you look elsewhere.
I'm not familiar with QB 2014 but it should be compatible.
The activation instructions come with the product.
There is $100.00 + tax charge for unlimited employees.
No, if you are doing your own payroll and printing your own checks.
The Enhanced Payroll is really just a subscription to the service, there are many downloads during the year to update tax tables, forms and calculations.
The most important advantage of the contractor edition is that it supports the concept of estimates and invoices. You can create an estimate to give to a client, then update the estimate, and QB will track the line-items added. Then eventually when the job is done, you can make an invoice from the estimate. Not just useful for contractors, but also useful for auto repair or any business that is required to produce estimates before an invoice.
1 user
QB is a memory hog as are several other MS Windows programs. If you have Word & or Adobe open, close them and try again.
Limited, if any, support is available from Intuit. Your best move is to contact a QB advisor. I am one if you would like help. www.pacaccgroup.com
no
Yes. As far as I know. ALL versions of QuickBooks do.
You could use it. I'm not sure you would gain from the additional features. Whether you would benefit from moving up would depend on why you are looking at changing, what additional functions you are trying to access.
You can have about 10,000 customers in the standalone (e.g. Pro, Premier) versions.
The Quicken Starter version can't read old Quicken data files. Quicken Starter version was created as a cheap and simple version of Quicken to bring new customers into the market. I had to upgrade to Quicken Deluxe to maintain access to my old Quicken 2010 edition data files.
Yes, You can print checks. Not sure what you mean by "track." The checks that can be printed are a special purchase item.
This is for Windows, not for Mac or iPaid.
I had no problem down loading and getting it to work with os-8. J. R.R.
will quicken 2013 work with windows 8?
In my opinion, you should absolutely use QB Accountant for a bookkeeping business. QB Accountant gives you access to all of the Premier versions which include templates and reports for several kinds of industries. If you are doing bookkeeping for more than one type of business, Accountant is the way to go. In addition, the batch processing and the journal entry process make it much easier for those who know accounting to use the program. I believe it is worth the price difference, however, I watched for sales on the price of accountant and was able to find it for a good discount within a month of when I wanted to purchase.
Financial Position=Balance Sheet. Non-Profit does not use GAAP. Balance Sheet/ financial position is GAAP. You need to use Fund Accounting for non-profit if you want your books are set up correctly. I would look for a correspondence class for CPA CPE on non-profit accounting so you can see the differences. Fund Accounting is not difficult but it IS NOT GAAP and you cannot use standard B/S, Income Statement, Stmt of Changes in Financial Position, Retained Earnings, etc. to account for non-profit organizations.
I bought mine on ebay, for a reduced price. It was new, but for me still a waste of money. I have not been able to use it, as the bottom of the UI screen ends up below my physical screen, and there is no scroll bar to remedy this, at least not in my version, I have Quickbooks Accountant 2013. I tried for a long time to fix this, and though it was I who was doing something wrong, until I finally found several reports on Google regarding the same issue! No scroll bars, so I cannot scroll down to the bottom of the screen, where there are buttons that I need to use. So for me at least, this is a white elephant. You may want to research this before buying, or buy a different version. I would check a different version too first, to make sure this bug/issue is not there as well.
QB Accountant is usually more than most people need, unless you have several companies that you are working with. QuickBooks Pro is usually all people need if your company is small and you aren't a bookkeeper or accountant with several clients/companies that you are doing the bookkeeping for. Support lasts forever, but right from the get-go it's virtually no support unless you have a couple hours to try to get a hold of someone that can help you. Usually google searching for the answer is quicker and more helpful, which speaks poorly of QB support. I wouldn't purchase it until you need it, though, unless you have a reason to do so.
I'm not aware of a separate QB Accountants 2013 version for Vista. Just Windows or Mac. I'm not aware of a limit on how many times you can reload as long as its for yourself as a user. Its not supposed to be reloaded for other users though without a license. We received a call once about why a copy was registered multiple times and once we explained why everything was fine after that.
Yes, it has enhanced payroll, but remember you must have your payroll subscription up todate.
I believe you have to have the same version, that is the same year. Quickbooks is not backwards compatible so if your using 2013 accountant's version, you'll have to convert\upgrade the non-profit to 2013.
Mine came as an official product. I have bought quick books at Office Depot. They were packaged the same.
This is a pitifully poor program. Intuit should recall it and give credit to anyone who has purchased it. You are better off with Microsoft Excell.
Yes, you can print checks from QuickBooks for Mac.
I do not know. It works with OS X 10.9.4, and I'm pretty sure it worked when I had 10.8 on there, but I can't remember much before that, OS-version-wise.
I do not own a G5, but a little research on the web shows that it seems to be supported. You might want to get the 2014 version now, though.
You can, but you have to purchase either the server version or a multi-user license. QB allows you to install on one desktop and one portable device, but you cannot use both at once. Keep in mind that this can change at Quickbooks whim so this answer may be out of date by the time you read it.
The pro version is for windows only the Mac version is non pro, download a 30 day free trial at intuit before you buy.
The Intuit website for QuickBooks doesn't list any limitations. It says you can upgrade your files from any previous version. Just to be certain, if I were you I'd contact them directly at (877) 683-3280 to ask them your specific question. Also, if you go to http://quickbooks.intuit.com/mac/whats-new/ a chat window will pop up within a minute or so and you can begin a chat session with a sales support specialist if you prefer doing it that way. Good luck!
Hello the basic has the following features: Instant paychecks Free direct deposit Automatic tax calculations No tax forms included-create reports and work with your accountant on tax filings Free live support from payroll experts Does not require, but integrates with QuickBooks Run payroll from your phone (online version only You need Quickbooks Enhanced Payroll which includes: Instant paychecks Free direct deposit Automatic tax calculations Federal and State tax forms completed for you Click to electronically file and pay taxes Run payroll online anytime, anywhere or in QuickBooks Reminders when taxes and forms are due Free live support from payroll experts Ability to print year-end W-2s Pay employees and contractors Run payroll from your phone (online version only) Hope this helps.
yes, even tho I have my bookkeeper do all that.
3. If you have more than that you must upgrade to unlimited at a cost THEY determine. For me, my 6 employees cost an additional $150.
The 2013 budget module obviously has many problems, and my brand new download is already in revision 6. Let me outline some of the frustrating glitches. First, although 2013 Quicken Deluxe eliminated that frustrating "rolling" year feature (allowing you to actually create a January-December 2013 budget), the new module doesn't actually "duplicate" an existing budget. So when I attempted to duplicate my 2012 budget to create a 2013 budget, what I got didn't capture, for example, carefully planned month-to-month expenditures - like utility payments that are higher in winter than summer, boat work that occurs only in October (winterizing) and May (de-winterizing), etc. Many categories were simply zero. Or they were different than the prior budget. You can't put in an annual amount and have the program average that. Instead you have to manually calculate the average and tell the program to use that average for January and then to do the same for all the remaining months of the year. There are also glitches with categories and sub-categories, and that seems to flow through to reports, which sometimes drop categories which you've selected and sometimes add the category's total to the total of the sub-categories so that the total is wildly inflated. And often when you attempt to correct that, the budget drops back to using the existing year (2012) instead of the year you have specified (2013). Also, none of my existing reports for 2012 or earlier years came up correctly. They all came up with all categories (about 300) selected instead of ones I had selected for that report (about 50). I have used Quicken for many years and haven't liked how they changed the budget module a couple years back. But this one is really bad, and I'm wondering what to do if these major problems aren't corrected. I'm hoping that my many years of budgeting data hasn't been corrupted. And I'm wondering if Intuit has any plans to really correct this product or if some decision has been made to abandon it. I notice that mobile and cloud are big issues (apparently they're also having problems), and perhaps the big picture is that companies like Intuit or Microsoft are quietly exiting the PC field for products like Quicken or Outlook that reside on the PC. Maybe I need to be looking for a web based product like Intuit's Mint.com, and perhaps that's where they will really be putting their resources. Obviously, Intuit hasn't yet put their first team on Quicken Deluxe 2013.
Yes, it will convert. Can't go back once they are converted. I would make a copy of the backup (before you convert) just in case something goes wrong. Load 2013 and import the backup into operation, then back up the 2013 file.
I highly doubt it, normally any intuit product will import from 3 - 5 years back but that is it. I always try to get a new version every 3 years or so because of this.
Yes, they should work.
Check your "Quicken 2013 End User Software License Agreement" for the product you purchased. This can be found by searching within the Quicken Help.
Yes. Perform your upgrade then.follow instructions to.open existing file...there should be no problem opening your 2007 file
It works. I, too, had issues with getting QB to work. I discovered that Windows 8 has its own anti-virus/malware enabled by default. Once I found out how to disable that, I reinstalled QB, reenabled the protection and QB works with no problem.
Yes it is, but the online banking is great because that balances your accounts as you go and fixes your mistakes before they become an annoyance. It is one of the features that got me into this. I used to use Microsoft Money when it was available and I got spoiled by the efficiency of the online banking feature.
My recommendation would be to stay away from Quicken altogether. I had nothing but problems with both the desktop and mobile apps. To answer your question, it looks a lot like Mint, which I've never been crazy about either.
3
Hi, I've used Quickbooks over 20 years; the answer is, it depends- if you will use any of Quickbooks/Intuit's related services, such as payroll, credit card processing, integrated online banking services, etc., then you MUST GET 2013 version, as these services will no longer be compatible with 2012 (or any earlier) versions as of may 31, 2013. if you do not want to integrate your online banking into QB, and have no need of payroll service, credit card processing service (or use outside companies for those things), then 2012 will be a little bit of savings. But if you plan to be in business in 3 years, you might as well bite the bullet now and get 2013 since they will undoubtedly force the same kind of upgrade in another 2-3 years.
Yes it will
Yes there is a CD you insert and download to your computer.
R Moore, I am so sorry to hear about your experience with us and QuickBooks Pro 2013. You were expecting a flawless conversion and instead you had multiple issues. I would love to get you in touch with the right person who could assist you. Would you please email me your contact information to Customer_Loyalty@intuit.com Attn:Drea? It would also help if you could include any error messages or screen shots of the issues you are having. Thank you, Andrea Rahn, QuickBooks Customer Care
No. Legally you are suppose to have a multi-user copy of the software. I believe if you have an external hard drive you can load the software on it and use it on both. Check with QuickBooks customer service to be sure.
Yes you can
If you receive cash, check, or credit card donations from donors or members, you can enter these revenues as donations in QuickBooks. Use the donation (sales receipt) form instead of merely entering a deposit; you can then track your donations by type, program, or source. As a result, when you use the donation form instead of deposits, your Biggest Donors/Grants report will include the donations. In addition, other sales and item reports are available. To do this task Go to the Nonprofit menu and click Enter Donations (Sales Receipts). Click the Customer:Job drop-down arrow and choose the donor/grant. Click Add New if the donor/grant is not listed, and add the donor (customer) or grant (job) to QuickBooks. In the Item column, choose an item that corresponds to the type of donation. You can select one of the options in the Item List or you can add a new item to use for the donation. To set up a new item, go to the Lists menu and click Item List. Click Item at the bottom of the list and click New. Click the Type drop-down list and choose Service. Click the Account drop-down list and choose the corresponding account. Choose a name that matches the corresponding account; for example, a Donation item associated with the Grants income account. In the Class column, select the appropriate fund or project or add a new class to track the donation to a new fund or project. Enter the amount of the donation that is being applied to the fund or project (class), as specified by the donor. (Optional) Click Customize to customize the donation form. If you plan to print the donation form and give it to the donor as a receipt, consider customizing it to add a personalized donor message to the form. To do so, click the Donor Message button and click Add New. Verify that all information on the form is correct. (Optional) Click Print to print a copy of the donation. If Deposit To appears at the bottom of the form, click the Deposit To drop-down list and choose the checking account to which you want to make the deposit. Note: QuickBooks processes Donations in the same way that it processes Sales Receipts. If your Sales & Customers preferences are set to "Use Undeposited Funds as a default deposit to account," you will not see Deposit To on the form, and your donation checks will automatically be added to your Undeposited Funds account. In this case, remember to create a Deposit transaction to move funds from the Undeposited Funds account into your checking account. Click Save & Close or click Save & New. Instructional YouTube Video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yAmgEW9xIe0
I went in to open a new company and New Zealand isn't listed as one of the countries. It will handle GST from a USA refund, etc...
Yes and no. There is an employee section that will record hours and calculate pay. However, in order to use the full payroll function you must either track everything manually (what a pain) that means checking tax tables each and every time you cut a payroll check because all the tax deductions are set at zero. You have to really know your stuff. Otherwise you have to subscribe to QuickBooks Payroll Function which is an additional charge. As I mentioned, Intuit wants your money. You can get QuickBooks bundled with Intuit Enhanced Payroll through Amazon for about $100 more but be aware that enhanced payroll only handles up to 3 employees, then you pay extra for more. You can also pay Intuit monthly for the Payroll service. I don't know, but I imagine they make you upgrade yearly because of the new tax codes. Just my guess. Hope this helps.
I'm sorry. I don't know. I'm kind of stuck. I have to use this software to run my business. But it is sooo full of bugs! I dread the ordeal, but I will probably try to get them on the phone and try to get some commitment to fix some of the most glaring issues associated with entering Statement Charges. Having been in the industry for three decades, having released scores of hardware, software, and systems products, I am appalled that Intuit would put out such trash. Really, it's just accounting software. Long ago they had built the necessary feature set. The only reason to continue releasing new versions is to create a revenue stream. In a rational world, people would be induced to buy the new version because it contained features they wanted. That's not the case with Quickbooks. Intuit forces people to the new version by killing off features in the old version that people can't live without. There is NO technical reason why Intuit should maintain control over their customers use of the on-line banking functionality. It should just be embedded in the product. They designed it to work through their servers precisely so they could cut off access and force people to their new product. I actually don't mind paying them the money. What I really resent is that they don't have the integrity nor concern for their customers to make sure the product works before they force us to buy it. So, they put me through all kinds of hell trying to manage workarounds for their bugs and having to check and double check to make sure the information is recorded correctly. Just so they can squeeze a couple of hundred dollars out of me. That mentality offends and disgusts me.
yes you can
It is my understanding that they offer only a single or three-user license. They are very helpful, go on-line and get their contact telephone number for sales they can give you the details
Only if you want to upgrade to unlimited employees. The Enhanced will only allow you to pay up to three employees. If you process more than three you will be charged by Quickbooks per employee.
Yes. Here is the official Intuit position on this: "With a single-user license, you can install QuickBooks on 1 computer and on 1 additional portable computer (e.g., a laptop that you own and use in your business) as long as both devices are used by the same person. ONLY that specified person can access and use QuickBooks on both computers." My note: the second computer does NOT need to be a laptop or portable, but the rest of the conditions apply. Let me know if you need more info.
Extra $100 for 4+ employees. I just called. It's a bit of a hassle if you already have a payroll subscription, like I do. First you have to cxl your current subscription, then install the payroll disc and then call and they charge you the full whack ($429) for enhanced payroll, then credit back the value they assign to the enhanced payroll of 3 or fewer employees ($329). SO, if you get the enhanced payroll for less than $329 off the shelf (i.e. Costco or Amazon), then you decide if it's worth the hassle. From everything I've read, the 2013 QB Pro is not something to be super excited about, and may even boggle your brain due to poorer visual interface, new report menu format, etc. I'm thinking about getting the Value pack and if I can do the payroll only, and without simultaneously upgrading the QB Pro, then that's what I'll do for now.
I hope you do back up. I would think your company has disappeared so you'll have to do a restore:( Good Luck. Ask again if you need more info. Michael
I believe you will have to backup QB to zip drive at the office and bring the zip drive home to update QB there.
Yes it includes a 1 yr subscription. I find this amazing because Quckbooks was going to charge me in Oct. $349.00 for my one year but I saved that by buying the QB's Pro 2013 upgrade and the one year P/R. I guss I will buy a payroll package from Amazon each year now.
I don't think you will able to do that, you might call quickbooks.
The answer is on your payroll key. It says unlimited or 0-3 employees
Yes it can but they will not talk to one another when changes or updates are made. You will have to back up and update each machine for consistant data. Unless you install it on a server drive in your office then you can load it on multiple PC's and they all talk to the same database. Hope this helped. :-)
It will prepare just about any report that you desire such as balance sheet, income statement, a/r and a/p reports, cash flow statements, projections, monthly and quarterly statements. You can export information into excel to make a custom report. I hope this is helpful.
Yes but you do need to subscription to payroll feature.
I don't know. I couldn't get that far in making the program work and sent it back for a refund.
As long as the data has been entered all along, it is very easy to set up custom reports. Just go to reports, create something with the fields you want and asve it as a favorite.
There are both pie charts and regular charts and the donor reports are very good as you can do all or one at a time.
I am using Windows 7. In the software box it said it works with windows XP (sp3).
I think that's what it was as I had no problem returning it.
no you need one of the other editions of quickbooks for inventory control
You can get both ways. I bought mine at Office Max but it can also be downloaded. It is not as easy as you would think to use without any accounting experience.
Updating from Quicken 2006 to Quicken Premier 2013 was pretty painless for me. I did have to rename a couple of my accounts but that was about it.
I know zero about a kindle. Sorry
The only thing Quicken makes that works on a Mac is Quicken Essentials.
You can install the program up to three computers with the same operating system. As for your data files you have to transfer them to the other computers but they will not sync up with the other computers. If your daughters data is separate from your data she should be good to go as far as I know.
As far as I know, you do not have a limit. You will however have to register the software with each install. I have it on two pcs myself. I hope this works.
Yes it is a stand alone product.
I figured out that you have to make sure that you are purchasing the software from Amazon, and not from another seller. Then, it will work fine.
I don't know if the promotion is available, but I do know the mobile app is beyond poor. Do not purchase if you wish to use Quicken on a mobile device.
I don't have QP2013, I skipped it since (a) my QP2012 won't expire until 2015 and (b) the HUGE NEGATIVE reviews here about the MANY Bugs in QP2013. I can't directly answer your returnable question specifically for QP2013, but to my dismay I discovered Amazon refunded ONLY 50% of my cost when I returned my UNOPENED TurboTax 2010 Premier software (I had screwed up and ordered Premier when I actually wanted TTax 2010 Deluxe). Based on my TTax2010P experience, you can expect only a partial refund from Amazon - check their Terms & Conditions.
Updating from Quicken 2006 to Quicken Premier 2013 was pretty painless for me. I did have to rename a couple of my accounts but that was about it.
I know zero about a kindle. Sorry
The only thing Quicken makes that works on a Mac is Quicken Essentials.
You can install the program up to three computers with the same operating system. As for your data files you have to transfer them to the other computers but they will not sync up with the other computers. If your daughters data is separate from your data she should be good to go as far as I know.
As far as I know, you do not have a limit. You will however have to register the software with each install. I have it on two pcs myself. I hope this works.
Yes it is a stand alone product.
I figured out that you have to make sure that you are purchasing the software from Amazon, and not from another seller. Then, it will work fine.
I don't know if the promotion is available, but I do know the mobile app is beyond poor. Do not purchase if you wish to use Quicken on a mobile device.
I don't have QP2013, I skipped it since (a) my QP2012 won't expire until 2015 and (b) the HUGE NEGATIVE reviews here about the MANY Bugs in QP2013. I can't directly answer your returnable question specifically for QP2013, but to my dismay I discovered Amazon refunded ONLY 50% of my cost when I returned my UNOPENED TurboTax 2010 Premier software (I had screwed up and ordered Premier when I actually wanted TTax 2010 Deluxe). Based on my TTax2010P experience, you can expect only a partial refund from Amazon - check their Terms & Conditions.
Yes, Intuit will still provide support even though you don't purchase the product directly from them. We have had no problem with calling them up and asking for assistance. You get the actual QuickBooks Pro 2013 - 3 User product.
The short answer is yes you can. You have to have a server set up (which you must have done) and be able to get through your firewall. Perhaps you have security set up already and will need to use tunneling software from a remote location.
This is a disc.
The Mac platform requires the Mac version of QBooks. It has the capability of converting the data back and forth between the Mac and PC versions if required. There are also a few functionality and feature differences between the Mac and PC versions, but they are pretty close.
I think that is one for Quicken staff. I would think it is one or the other. Disk or download. Not sure, but disk is sometimes a little higher price than download. I choose disk because I move around to different machines and I think it would be less hassle than placing or removing the licenses on those machines.
No, it is not possible for the 4 users to work at the same time. You definitely would need a multi user version.
I assume it is because it's from 2012 despite this is the latest version. Just ignore it please,I guess someone made a mistake.
VFP 9.0 is only available through the MSDN subscription. If you purchase visual studio with MSDN, you can download VFP 9.0 through MSDN. Microsoft will probably stop it at some stage, but not sure when that is. VFP is not on the physical media. You may be able to purchase the MSDN subscription seperately, but you may get a good deal by purchasing the MSDN subscription with Visual Studio. I recommend you double checking that MS hasn't withdrawn it from MSDN subscription, and then checking your best way to get it. For me, the most economical way was to purchase VS with MSDN subscription. Hope that helps. Good luck.
Yes, when it says MSDN that includes "platforms" i.e.operating systems.
No, this is only a one-year subscription. You will have to purchase a renewal one year after activation if you want continued access.
I don't know the answer at this time.
This is a new License. It is not a renewal because it does not include an MSDN subscription.
The Visual Studio product has an extensive Help utility. However, this is the same documentation that is available publicly online through Microsoft's website. The MSDN subscription entitles you to live support (via chat or phone), automatic updates, access to the Team Foundation Server (TFS) portal, a starter account for Windows Azure ("cloud"), e-learning opportunities and more. Using the TFS portal is particularly useful if managing a team of developers (2 or more). If you are a good self-learner, developing for personal use only, or you are a team of one, the benefits of Visual Studio can be realized without the MSDN subscription.
The sub $500 Visual Studio Pro 2012 does not include operating systems or MSDN, just the usual API and tools help files. Pro with MSDN is twice the price. You can download a free trial of Visual Studio Pro from Microsoft's web site.
It includes VB.Net.
Visual Studio Pro 2012 does compile native C++ and includes an updated MFC library with many bug fixes.
No, it will work with 32 bit or 64 bit. VS is a resource hog and will run better with more memory, staying with the 32 bit limits your memory so that alone should make you consider moving to 64 bit for a development machine.
Yes, this product will work with Windows 7 or 8, both 32 & 64-bit from the same installation DVD included.
Hi Ted, Not sure on this one. In the past there has been upgrade pricing, however I have not seen it on the last release. I think Microsoft is slowly adopting a just pay the price policy. I used to wait and buy the older version when the next one was coming out to just pay the upgrade price, but I think they have caught on! John
This is the official version from Microsoft. You'll get the DVD and license key all in the box.
Only SQL Server Express, which is too limited. You can get SQL Developer for $59 directly from Microsoft. It has all SQL Server capabilities but only supports a single user - works very well for development or personal database use.
Yes
Dear Jasmin: I have a 2006 Mac Book Pro and the problem with reading the discs is that you don't have enough RAM. Those old MACS have very little random access memory that is completely free. I had to order a little 2 gig hard drive to add to my 2006 MAC which was really easy. I got it off Amazon - I can give you the info if you want. When I was upgrading to Snow Leopard I was able to use an external disc drive and load the new OS on the computer using the disc that I got off Amazon. However, if you are having a tough time with this...you may need to copy all the discs to a flash drive and load them off of that. Hope this helps.
It depends on your machine. I got 2 wrong answers from the apple toll free line. Go to powermax.com and call their toll free #. The people that work there really know their stuff and were the ones that told me my iMac could handle snow leopard.
You can if you have the right resources. Google your PC model and hackintosh to see if anyone has a method for your PC. Most can use iBoot with this cd or Nawcom. Good luck. Takes a while to get right... :)
Intel
Apple Technical Support will be the best source to get a definitive and reliable answer to your technical questions, and they will be happy to answer them. Mac OS X 10.6.3 Snow Leopard comes with 90 days of free technical support from them, and they will answer pre-sales questions related to the product, before you buy it. Best Regards, Macintosh Computer Services
Its only for Mac Intel's
The original OS shipped on the. 2009 MacBook was 10.5 so snow leopard @ 10.6 will feel right at home. 1. Start from the disc ( hold down C key till apple appears. 2. In upper left corner open disk utility and run disk repair. 3. Close disk utility and run installer. 4. load a full (not custom install) of all parts. That's a factory install 5. Restart and have a happy Mac Note: with snow leopard you can go to the apple site and download OS 10.10.1 which your Mac can handle, enjoy!
No it is only for Mac
As long as it's on a X86 platform and your running mult core processor yes it will by default run in 64 bit mode. I'm running it on a Dell that runs 2 processors and it's fine. I did have problems finding some drivers, but went to Dell.com and got the specs for the machine and then went to the individual vendors site and got them. Good luck
I have it running on an AMD and it seems to be fine can't say for sure its a Dell so that's the best I can say with a Intel board.
I bought directly from Quickbooks 3 days ago and they told me the renewal in 1 year would be $110.
Even if it is, you don't want to buy it - you need to download from QB to get any support at all from QB. In addition - this is NOT the QB program you may be familiar with - it is a shell of the program and completely worthless. It will allow you to make about 10 invoices. Then you will have to pay the $200 to upgrade. Find the program that you will need and skip this worthless waste of money. Is it compatible - possibly. If it isn't you will not be able to get any support to fix it.
no, nothing is compatible with it, it is the starter program, it resets your data to zero, don't pay money for this
No, it is the most basic and isn't even a program, it is the online key to storing your company records online. It will let you record income and expenses online.
Replacement? It is a year's subscription to Norton Antivirus.
If you want to know how to install this Norton Antivirus 2013 - 1 / 1 PC [Old Version], read the instructions contained in the package. Insert the disc and then follow the detailed instructions step by step.
Yes, it looks as though you can use this with tablets. The instructions inside the box include a paragraph on installing Norton Antivirus 2013 onto a "Netbook, Tablet, or on a PC with no optical drive" as long as the device meets the system requirements of Norton Antivirus. I think you can find the system requirements on Amazon.com's description of details.
Yes is compatible with windows xp 32 bit.
You can either go to Norton's website and use their computer virus removal tool which is free to do, or give Norton a call and they will assist you. I'm running Windows 7 so I don't know how Vista reacts to a download like this. But you should not have to buy anything.
1 year / 365 days.
Yes, I have Windows 8 and it works great for me. It gives you the latest updates when you activate.
not necessarily, it might just be the latest version of the software, but with Norton u can never be sure! i would advise caution when buying this brand make sure it has a disk in the box for loading software and never download this or any trial version from a web site. doesn't recognize viruses attached to it's self.
Make sure that you are entering the correct code. If you continue to have a problem call norton customer care they are great with assisting!
when first installed .. it removed all threats.. and is keeping up with any virus or other infected web sites so far the download has been doing what i wanted and it was very cost effective
You will want to choose this one, as it covers the number of cumputers you will download it too. Just ignore the number of users issues, if you are ok with sharing the same passwords.
That just means all 3 installs must be tied to the same Norton Account. Any 3 computers, as long as they're not running Windows 8.1.
Yes....that is what I did on one of my laptops. Once you have paid for the software, on the invoice the Registration Code is provided. Just enter in the code and your software will be good for another 365 days.
Yes, it was for a year.
To be honest, no idea. I have never had an issue with this product. I tried a net search and everyone says it sounds like your video card might have issues. It may just be a driver update, try that first. But otherwise, this program shouldn't be the issue.
I am not familiar with safe library, but Norton offers an online identity safe to store login information.
As far as Norton is concerned, I see no problem. However, I would check with Amazon/Kindle to see if that program is compatible with your device first.
Yes, I just did. Just becareful "renewing" so you don't accidentally purchase the upgrade twice, (once from Amazon and once from Norton's website!).. you should only have to enter the Product Code after hittting the renew button. If it tells you to make a $ purchase on Norton's website, you're on the wrong page!
I'm sorry, but I do not have the answer for that. You might check with support with Norton or Amazon.
Yes. The reg codes will work across versions now. You can get a one year if you like but they also have multi year available at a better price (per year) then you don't have to worry about it as often.
I loaded the program over a couple of days so Im guessing not.
There is a CD included that starts the process. Then the registration that works on what ever number of computers your purchase the softward for. Does that help? The thing to remember is that the clock starts as soon as you download it to the first computer. The nice thing is that it is so much cheaper and all your systems are on the same schedule.
It was a downloaded version so if I remember correctly it just loads. Since I brought it for 3 users the anti-virus software was stored in Amazon library so I later downloaded it to a second labtop. I think the activation key is posted in the library because I needed it the second time I downloaded since it will load the trail version and then activate the full version when you put in the activation key.
Lindara, Only if you bought for multiple uses can you install on your netbook. Symantec (Norton Internet Security) has the product for sale as a single, 3 pcs & multiple. The product key will only register just that many pc's. Ex: I have 3 pc's, I purchase the 1 user, 3 pc package and install 3 times with product code. You could probably install it on your netbook, but it won't verify or download updates to stay concurrent with new virus etc. Hope this helped.
I'm not positive, since I use Windows 7. If Windows 8 has anti-virus protection, and I think it does, it would be called Microsoft Security Essentials. If it's installed, it MUST be removed before installing Norton Internet Security. To do so, go to the Control Panel. Then click on Add/Remove Programs and uninstall Microsoft Security Essentials. Once done, immediately install Norton Internet Security. Hope this helps. Tony
I don't think so; it's one or the other.
The answer is yes to both questions. You do get a disk/CD in the box, (but you don't actually need it if you download the Norton IS free trial directly from the internet. Then, when the trial ends you can enter your new KEY #, it's in the box with the disk/CD, then you have a full year of use and support. And yes, you can give away the other two copies to anyone you like, and they would use your disk/CD and KEY #, or download the trial and enter your KEY # when the trial ends. Hope this answers your questions. Clickonmartin@cox.net Another tip: to maximize your subscription, never renew until the last day, because, when you renew you only get a year from the renewal date. Plus, never renew directly with Norton as you will pay the full price. Better to wait for a sale at your local retailer, or buy another norton from Amazon. Good luck!
This is my understanding that anytime you buy a antivirus software with 1 yr validity then you will get all the update of that software from the day you first installed till next 1 yr. If it is 2 yr validity then you get update for 2yrs. So even if the 2014 version is not available yet you will get 2014 update on your 2013 version when available. But this is my understanding. I may be wrong. So it will be better if you check with Norton.
Yes you do receive a one year subscription with the downloaded version. And, this version has 3 licenses, which allows you to install it on 3 different PC/Laptops.
Good for one year. can be renewed but it is usually cheaper to upgrade to the next year's edition. You may have to shop for a good deal - I paid $30.00 on Amazon - list was some 70.00 (not that anyone pays that amount). BJs warehouse had it on Black Friday for 20.00.
Yes
I haven't had that problem and when it is time to renew, I don't. I go out and buy a newer version, usually from Amazon as it is cheaper to do that than do their $49/year renewal. Used to be $19/year and then it was worth it, but every year they increased it to the point where it was more expensive than buying a new version.
It always has for me to date. Sketch on.
Yes it will work on Windows 8.1. I use it all the time and it works great.
I have it on my laptop and my desktop and it works great on both. If you want any tips, check out Paris Cristou online. He is great.
Well that is a good question.... My previous version was a present but the person said they purchased it through Apple Store on line and bought this new version through Amazon as I wanted the new features that came out. It came with serial numbers so I had no problem installing it. I love this application... However I have read where some people couldn't upgrade their MAC store version as Autodesk licenses are different... Good luck!
It is the same thing. I got dupped into buying the program and the upgrade. I ended up with two copies of the same program. By the way, Sketchbook Pro is a great program. It is extremely easy to use and you can do almost everything the more expensive programs can do for a tenth of the cost.
Yes,, I downloaded the trial then bought the software on amazon and when the CD arrived entered the product key / serial number from the CD and it all worked fine. Hope that helps
Yes it works fine. Installed very easily and I installed it on a 64 bit version of Windows. Once you finish the install and start the program up for the first time, the program will ask you to download an update to version 6.01 - have fun creating-
There are many software programs that allow you to paint or draw on a computer. In these programs you first create a surface to work on. This usually consists of a blank white area. To draw or paint you would then click on a tool option such as a brush or pencil, select a color, and then click and drag your the cursor over the top of the canvas. You can draw with a mouse--but it is awkward for many reasons. Most people buy a digital tablet which comes with a pen (stylus) that controls the cursor on their computer. With a stylus you have many more options on how the strokes are made and it is much easier to draw with because you hold the stylus like you would a regular pen. Some people, like myself, have a pressure sensitive laptop that comes with a stylus. This enables me to use the stylus directly on the monitor of my laptop. I can adjust settings so that if I push harder on the stylus my brush stroke gets darker, or wider, or both. That is something you cannot do with a mouse. To change the line thickness with a mouse you have to go to the brush size and change it. Digital painting is a very big area right now. It is amazing what some people can create. I hope this helps.
No, you shouldn't have an issue. In general, once you purchase software that requires you to enter a "key or validation code" during installation, such as SP6, you can install it on any computer you want. After all, you own it, and Autodesk (as well as most software manufacturers) realizes people buy new computers. You generally run into installation limitations when you purchase software for business use or buy network licenses.
Try this: http://store.autodesk.com/store/adskus/en_US/pd/productID.254993700?mktvar002=store_affiliate_wwm_amer_us_nc__SktchBkPro6pdp
No. It cant as it is a raster imaging program. You will have to either use Illustrator or Inkscape.
Yes. A year ago I had a Bamboo Create and even hand gestures (rotate, pan, etc) working nicely.
That's weird, it says XP and 7, but not Vista. http://images.autodesk.com/adsk/files/sketchbook_pro_6_system_requirements_final.pdf. However, Anthony62 does say he's done just that: http://forums.autodesk.com/t5/Installation-Licensing/Windows-8-and-Sketchbook-Pro-6/td-p/3678206 Autodesk is rather conservative in their leaps forward. Their releases will be compatable but they're careful about saying so. I've been around Autodesk products for almost 20 years--I'd make the jump. Later, you can upgrade to Win7 64bit and really cruise.
I haven't been using it lately. Best bet is check out videos on "Utube", lots of informative stuff there. Also do search of manufacturer's website which is: "Autodesk" and search w name of program: "SketchBook Pro 6". Lot of tutorials and examples showing it in action, which will be much better than words.
iNSTALL IT ONCE & PUT THE DISC AWAY 4EVR
yes. i did two pcs and a laptop
You will need to renew it once a year. It keeps track and will notify you when you are coming to the end of the year. It is much cheaper here on Amazon than on their website, as a side note.
NO, only one user can use it on 3 different PC's, 3 LAP TOPs, 3 TABLETS or 1 of each, You may use it on any other 3 items, where Anti-Virus protection is required, but ONLY ONE user.
I am running 8.1 I had been using 2013 but acquired more than 3 computers. My desk top updates with no problem
yes, you can buy from norton and they will give you the key, just click renew on your old norton 360. get it cheaper thru amazon
Yes, but Norton 360 Multi-Device maybe better equipped for your tablet :)
With Norton 36o you get 2 GB online backup , and with premier you get 25 GB online backup. No nasty popups you need to buy more backup. Norton will also try to help more if you get problems like I had a few times. good Luck
Yes, I got a disc.
According to Norton's web site, the days left will be added to the new subscription.
I have had the Norton protection for years and have never had a need to get other virus protection.
yes. i did two pcs and a laptop
You will need to renew it once a year. It keeps track and will notify you when you are coming to the end of the year. It is much cheaper here on Amazon than on their website, as a side note.
NO, only one user can use it on 3 different PC's, 3 LAP TOPs, 3 TABLETS or 1 of each, You may use it on any other 3 items, where Anti-Virus protection is required, but ONLY ONE user.
I am running 8.1 I had been using 2013 but acquired more than 3 computers. My desk top updates with no problem
yes, you can buy from norton and they will give you the key, just click renew on your old norton 360. get it cheaper thru amazon
Yes, but Norton 360 Multi-Device maybe better equipped for your tablet :)
With Norton 36o you get 2 GB online backup , and with premier you get 25 GB online backup. No nasty popups you need to buy more backup. Norton will also try to help more if you get problems like I had a few times. good Luck
Yes, I got a disc.
According to Norton's web site, the days left will be added to the new subscription.
I have had the Norton protection for years and have never had a need to get other virus protection.
Because somebody at Amazon didn't get the new box picture to make the page. It doesn't matter what version your box has in it. Once you have the product key for a valid 1 year subscription, you are entitled to the latest version of the product available for download from Norton. If you install it from the CD, even if you have the actual 2012 version, if you open the software, go to Support/New Version Check and it will tell you whether a newer version is now available. If it is, you may download it free from Norton and upgrade your product.
Mr. Fisher Let the Norton 360 expire, and please do not renew from Norton because you will be paying higher price. Also, Norton 360 allows you to backup data in the server: a service you are paying and perhaps will never use since the space provided is not big enough. I remove 360 and bought Norton Antivirus instead from Amazon and it only cost me $25.00 for 3pcs. To answer your question, why give them your money early? Don't purchase now!
It's outdated. Don't waste your money.
Would like details of norton 2014 for 3computers
Mac does not need any anti-virus. Apple store staff can explain better than I can but the Mac software is not targeted by viruses and spyware/malware. PC's need anti-virus to protect from hacking, viruses, and malware. Norton seems to have worked well for me since I've used it, but I am a very cautious internet user.
If you are asking whether the license will allow installing it on 2 desktops and 1 laptop, the answer is yes. 1 owner, 3 PC's. Doesn't matter if they are desktops or laptops.
Yes, it work on win 7
yes
Yes. I run it on Windows XP Professional.
Using your email address, you can install it on three different pcs, i.e., 1 desktop, 1 laptop and 1 cell phone.
Because somebody at Amazon didn't get the new box picture to make the page. It doesn't matter what version your box has in it. Once you have the product key for a valid 1 year subscription, you are entitled to the latest version of the product available for download from Norton. If you install it from the CD, even if you have the actual 2012 version, if you open the software, go to Support/New Version Check and it will tell you whether a newer version is now available. If it is, you may download it free from Norton and upgrade your product.
Mr. Fisher Let the Norton 360 expire, and please do not renew from Norton because you will be paying higher price. Also, Norton 360 allows you to backup data in the server: a service you are paying and perhaps will never use since the space provided is not big enough. I remove 360 and bought Norton Antivirus instead from Amazon and it only cost me $25.00 for 3pcs. To answer your question, why give them your money early? Don't purchase now!
It's outdated. Don't waste your money.
Would like details of norton 2014 for 3computers
Mac does not need any anti-virus. Apple store staff can explain better than I can but the Mac software is not targeted by viruses and spyware/malware. PC's need anti-virus to protect from hacking, viruses, and malware. Norton seems to have worked well for me since I've used it, but I am a very cautious internet user.
If you are asking whether the license will allow installing it on 2 desktops and 1 laptop, the answer is yes. 1 owner, 3 PC's. Doesn't matter if they are desktops or laptops.
Yes, it work on win 7
yes
Yes. I run it on Windows XP Professional.
Using your email address, you can install it on three different pcs, i.e., 1 desktop, 1 laptop and 1 cell phone.
To create BAR code, you need to go to GS1. This software is for inventory control only.
Hi Raf, thank you for inquiring about CashFootprint. At this time CashFootprint takes trade-ins as a method of payment, and therefore does not offset the subtotal or sales tax collected. If you wanted to reduce the sales tax, you would need to create an item called TRADE or TD and discount it the amount of the value of the trade. This method would lower the subtotal and subsequently the sales tax to be collected. Please let me know if you have any additional questions. I am happy to assist. Kind regards, James
Hi Parth, thank you for your interest in CashFootprint. At this time CashFootprint will allow store credit; however accounts receivable is not yet complete (where you can collect payments after the initial sale). We expect to complete the AR module this summer. We also offer free software updates so you would receive the update with the AR module at no additional charge when it becomes available.
Yes. We actually bought it w/out using it.
Thank you for posting this question. I believe we covered this today via our phone conversation; however, for others who may have this same question, the server name will likely be different as your computer name will not be the same as the computer used in the video. The server will start with your computer name and end with either \SQLEXPRESS or \CASHFOOTPRINT depending on if you followed the video exactly. Please feel free to contact us at helpdesk.lothill.com if you have any additional questions. Kind regards, James
Hi, thank you for your interest in CashFootprint. You can download the free trial by following the instructions in our step-by-step youtube video called "How to Install CashFootprint". Please adhere to the video as there are a few things that need to be adjusted throughout the installations of CashFootprint and the SQL Server Express database software. These are not just Next Next Next installations. Here is the link: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r_9mFrtnLxQ Kind regards, James
Hi, thank you for inquiring about CashFootprint Professional. Yes, CashFootprint will allow you to connect multiple terminals together to share data and perform any operations from any terminal in real-time. One license/purchase is require per computer. CashFootprint is also designed to work with touchscreens using our quick sell buttons and an on-screen keyboard. You may Youtube CashFootprint or "LotHill Solutions" for videos. Kind regards, James
Hello, Thank you for inquiring. At this time CashFootprint is available in English only.
Hi Laura, Yes, we are actually getting ready to offer CashFootprint on Dell tablets with Windows 8.1. The software will run in Desktop mode, but as long as you have an 8in tablet or larger you should be in good shape. I recommend you download the software and try it out. Since I cant post links, just Google "lothill download request" and it should be the first link.
Hi Vicki, I am more than happy to help you determine if CashFootprint is right for your store. What questions do you have? In general, CashFootprint Professional is a retail point-of-sale software application that will organize your inventory, keep track of your customer history, manage employee access and securely process transactions.
To create BAR code, you need to go to GS1. This software is for inventory control only.
Hi Raf, thank you for inquiring about CashFootprint. At this time CashFootprint takes trade-ins as a method of payment, and therefore does not offset the subtotal or sales tax collected. If you wanted to reduce the sales tax, you would need to create an item called TRADE or TD and discount it the amount of the value of the trade. This method would lower the subtotal and subsequently the sales tax to be collected. Please let me know if you have any additional questions. I am happy to assist. Kind regards, James
Hi Parth, thank you for your interest in CashFootprint. At this time CashFootprint will allow store credit; however accounts receivable is not yet complete (where you can collect payments after the initial sale). We expect to complete the AR module this summer. We also offer free software updates so you would receive the update with the AR module at no additional charge when it becomes available.
Yes. We actually bought it w/out using it.
Thank you for posting this question. I believe we covered this today via our phone conversation; however, for others who may have this same question, the server name will likely be different as your computer name will not be the same as the computer used in the video. The server will start with your computer name and end with either \SQLEXPRESS or \CASHFOOTPRINT depending on if you followed the video exactly. Please feel free to contact us at helpdesk.lothill.com if you have any additional questions. Kind regards, James
Hi, thank you for your interest in CashFootprint. You can download the free trial by following the instructions in our step-by-step youtube video called "How to Install CashFootprint". Please adhere to the video as there are a few things that need to be adjusted throughout the installations of CashFootprint and the SQL Server Express database software. These are not just Next Next Next installations. Here is the link: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r_9mFrtnLxQ Kind regards, James
Hi, thank you for inquiring about CashFootprint Professional. Yes, CashFootprint will allow you to connect multiple terminals together to share data and perform any operations from any terminal in real-time. One license/purchase is require per computer. CashFootprint is also designed to work with touchscreens using our quick sell buttons and an on-screen keyboard. You may Youtube CashFootprint or "LotHill Solutions" for videos. Kind regards, James
Hello, Thank you for inquiring. At this time CashFootprint is available in English only.
Hi Laura, Yes, we are actually getting ready to offer CashFootprint on Dell tablets with Windows 8.1. The software will run in Desktop mode, but as long as you have an 8in tablet or larger you should be in good shape. I recommend you download the software and try it out. Since I cant post links, just Google "lothill download request" and it should be the first link.
Hi Vicki, I am more than happy to help you determine if CashFootprint is right for your store. What questions do you have? In general, CashFootprint Professional is a retail point-of-sale software application that will organize your inventory, keep track of your customer history, manage employee access and securely process transactions.
It take too long to answer in text. What these tutorials by ClassOnDeman. The tutorials are #19, 20, and 21. http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL5A0D7B138D67A075 I hope this helps. Also, join the Pinnacle Forums @ http://forums.pinnaclesys.com/forums/default.aspx
That's a feature I don't think I'll ever use, so I couldn't tell you.
Hi Dakota, if your camera uses AVCHD (typically stored on an SD card), then the answer is yes. The MT2S file type is primarily associated with 'AVCHD'. AVCHD is a high-definition digital video format that supports 1080i and 720p with a reasonably small file size. AVCHD files are based on the MPEG4 CODEC. AVCHD video files can be burned to Blu-ray discs and played in compatible devices, such as Blu-ray disc players and the Sony PlayStation3. Various video programs can edit or convert this file format which is generally used by Sony and some Panasonic video cameras. I have found that Pinnacle 16 can import almost all video formats currently around. Hope this helps.
Yes it does work with that file format. However I do NOT recommend this product, way too many bugs!
I have not tried Pinnacle 16 with Windows XP but have used it with Windows 7. Pinnacle 12 works with Windows XP.
Yes it will. But I had to buy a new computer with a 64 bit version of windows 8 and a top video card with lots of memory ( 8 gig ). Good thing I needed a new computer anyway.
Yes cyberlink powerdirector 13 ultra is better.
It does but it's a horrendous program I would avoid at all costs. It will use 100% of your computer resources and crash routinely with Windows 7 64 bit. Try Adobe, iMovie or final cut pro
yes it does but very bad support and a lot of crashes
I installed pinnacle 16 ultimate in my 2 computers without any problems more than one time
You need to buy for Mac and this work
I never opened the screen as it was tightly wrapped. I assume that it was of the same demensions as the screen I received with Pinnacle 14 about 6ft x 6ft. Agter a lot of reading on green screen an experimenation I have found that larger screens are needed along with good lighting. Look on Amazon for green screens and you will find some good set-ups. The screen you will receive will work for simple projects. George
I'm not sure, but I would avoid this product. It is so glitchy that it is useless.
You will need 2 gbs of ram for windows 7 and Vista. But for windows XP 512 mbs of ram.That what is on the side on the box.
Yes it does.
Total Protection has 3 add'l. things, as listed on the box. Actually, if you go to the McAfee website, you can do a comparison there. But, these are the add'l. things: 1)Encrypt sensitive documents-even photos-in a password-protected vault on your PC to keep your identity safe from hacking as well as theft or loss of your PC. 2)Easily and safely shorten and share website links to Facebook, Twitter, or email. 3) Advanced SiteAdvisor LIVE software checks and alerts you to risky websites you receive in social media, email, and instant messages and blocks online phishing attempts to steal your personal and confidential information. Those are the 3 things. However, in my opinion, Internet Security pretty much has those things (like SiteAdvisor) and again, in my opinion, they overlap w/the 3 additions that are in Total Protection.
It's just a one year subscription. It starts counting down the day it's installed. About a week before it expires your computer will pop up a message that it's about to expire and you can immediately renew online but the online prices are usually $20 more than what you can buy the disc for on Amazon.
It seems to me that each website is different. Even before I got McAfee, some of them would store my info and some sites I'd have to log into each time. I haven't really noticed anything different. Sorry, don't know if that answered your question or not.
No. You don't use an ID and Password to access your McAfee Internet Security software. If you mean does it automatically sign you in to other websites, etc., the answer is also no, which is a good thing. However, the install is VERY easy and once you're a user of it, when you buy a new version next year and install it, it will automatically uninstall any traces of the older version(s). Great product.
Yes it will that's what its for, and if you have viruses already it should be able to clean them up to thanks .
Sorry, the serial number is only on the box. You may get help from the vendor you purchased it from. You may have to purchase a second copy.
Mine had both
You can but will only get the basic software with no updated definitions. But it makes no sense to install on a computer without Internet connection.
When you install it on the first PC. The registration for the original install is the subscription period for all 3.
Yes this one did
Yes it will that's what its for, and if you have viruses already it should be able to clean them up to thanks .
Sorry, the serial number is only on the box. You may get help from the vendor you purchased it from. You may have to purchase a second copy.
Mine had both
You can but will only get the basic software with no updated definitions. But it makes no sense to install on a computer without Internet connection.
When you install it on the first PC. The registration for the original install is the subscription period for all 3.
Yes this one did
I have the CD
The license is only good for 1 PC. You will have to purchase a new one.
My previous version of this software ran for 365 days from install. I'm assuming the same for the 2013 version otherwise they would have real problems in selling the 2013 version for the rest of this year.
I bought McAfee Total Protection through Amazon and it upgraded my McAfee very nicely. I am completely satisfied.
For the year. After all you are paying for it. A trial version is only free for 30-days.
This runs on my Windows 8 machine just fine. Have had it running all year with no problems.
Yes, part of the package is automatic updates to the system. All virus software MUST update frequently, or the latest problems will not be addressed.
I no longer use McAfee, It by far is the worst anti virus program. Save yourself a huge hassle and get Vipre. I've been using it for 2014 and got the lifetime contract and LOVE it. I truly believe that McAfee is a virus itself.
It is not tested and certified with Windows 8 but it works when installed on Windows 8.
I don't know. Go to McAfee.com and contact them.
It's a CD that comes with a code. When you register it online you can download the software from the McAfee site onto other devices without using the CD again.
Yes it does. Though I haven't ever seen it function on my laptop. I guess no site has tried to hack into my system of if it did happen then it probably bypassed the firewall. however, Windows 7 OS has recognized that my system is protected by McAfee's firewall. Hope this helps.
I am not completely sure. I just know I have a Lenovo (3800?) Windows 7 and it works great. this is my second year with McAfee and I havent had any problems yet. I originally had Norton and hated it. it kept uninstalling by its self.
There's a few additional features in 2014 but the main reason to buy the latest edition is the year long support for updated virus definition and many other updates as newer threats emerge. One can renew their subscription from 2013 to 2014 on the McAfee website.
Have experience with Win 7, Vista, and XP only. Would not recommend this product for any system
No
Yes
I am using it on 3 laptops all of them running windows 8
this isn't a renewal.The renewal by McAfee is more expensive than buying on the open market.I hope this helps.
Yes it does.
yes, it does have spreadsheets, as well as presentations, templates, formulas and drawing.
Works well on 7 home premium
I have windows 8 and it is working fine with the Microsoft pgm.
yes, I used it with windows 7
I would say you probably need the pc download. It's because you have an HP and not a "Mac" or "i" computer. Those are Mac downloads.
Yes, I'm running it on Windows 8.
To be quite honest, I haven't used WordPerfect very much, so I couldn't say. But I do know it has very respectable formatting abilities, nice assortment of fonts and sizes, plus a lot more other amenities I just didn't expect from a free program; there are spreadsheets, point-whatchamacallit templates, even some for making up flyers, business cards and other things. There's links to go to to get even more templates, but though they looked very interesting, I didn't have much need for them, a lot of them had to do with other languages and those techno-functions that are far beyond my ken. It's quite easy to use, also. I like Scrivener, once I got used to it, but you practically need an engineering degree to figure out how to use the damn thing. Hope that helps!
that is what I have....and I use it.....it is a great program...a bit different than microsoft...but actually ....more features I think....
Yes, my computer and my tablet both run using Windows 8.1. I use open office on both of them and have had no issues.
I have not tried this myself, but I see instructions for doing this on the web here: http://www.kinworm.com/2011/01/create-your-own-kindle-ebook-using-open_30.html I searched for "openoffice kindle table of contents"
Pitch switch is strictly a program for lowereing and raising keys of a song. It also has the abikity to change tempo, and add equilizer enhancements. Not really a player for itunes. Hope this helps.
I don't believe so. I'm not a sound engineer, but it sounds like it was just recorded in a completely different pitch. It is incredibly simple to import and save a song. I use it to get the chords and notes out of a song in a key that I prefer to sing in.
I only have the PC version of PitchSwitch, which definitely works with WAV (as well as mp3, m4a, wma, aac, flac, and ogg). I would be very surprised if the Mac version did not support the same file formats, particularly since WAV is a commonly-used format.
I would call the following number or email for technical support. They have always been very helpful to me! Tel: (905) 963-8780 Toll Free: (888) 732-6134 Email: support@inspyder.com
Some vendors add a bit over the list price from the publisher for the effort of listing the software on Amazon so it's easy for you to find. There are two editions of VMWare Fusion 6. The $130 Pro version enables you to create images. The standard $30 version only uses images created by others with a Pro license.
No this is an emulator to run windows or Linux on a Mac not the other way around. But it will run windows xp on a Mac if the was what you meant.
This is the standard version and it includes the appropriate license key. Does that answer your question?
Yes, you must install an OS (Windows or other) before you can run applications. VMWare just sets up the hardware emulation, it does not include operating systems.
Is that OSX 10.5.8 or OSX 10.8.5? If it is 10.5 get an earlier version. Fusion 5 needs at least 10.6.
There is no reason to believe that will corrupt any of your data on the hard drive. Consider it as yet another application you just installed. It is a software layer virtualization engine that will allow you to run windows under your MAC OS and yes, you will need to install Windows as soon as you install Fusion on the hard drive. Hope this helps.
No
Garbage. Deleted after one hour.
Anytime sure.
You can run as many as you like providing your Mac has sufficent resources to handle them all. I have a MacPro 12 Core with 48GB or Ram and can easily run three seperate Windows sessions (1 Windows 2008 R2, & 2 Windows 7), (I've never tried more). I also have a Late 2013 Core i7 MBP with 16GB of ram that runs 2 windows sessions (Win 8 and Win 7) no problem.
Yes. But not all the functions. But get the basic job done.
Yeah as a matter of fact I upgraded to Parallels 9 and it also works with Mavericks. Here's a link form Parallels forums. http://forum.parallels.com/showthread.php?292009-Running-Parallels-8-on-OSX-Mavericks-possible
I've had no problem so far using Parallels 8 with Maverics. In fact, Maverics has made my 5-year-old MacBook Pro faster, with more efficient use of available memory and processing power.
Yes, it works great on the new macs. I have not had any issues with it at all.
Absolutely no problem.
Yeah, we did the same thing.
I run Windows XP, yes you need a copy of the Windows OS also. Easy to install you install Parallels first, then Windows
Yes. You will need to install Parallels and then install a Windows operating system (I would recommend Windows 7) and then you can install and run Windows applications like WordPerfect.
According to Parallels manual on page 13 (http://www.parallels.com/fileadmin/parallels/documents/support/pd8fm/Parallels_Desktop_User_s_Guide.pdf): Note: If your Mac doesn't have a DVD-ROM, you can use the download link, available in the retail box, to download Parallels Desktop over the Internet. Hope this helps :) Good luck!
If you intend to run Windows on a MAC, you must first install Parallels and then install Windows onto Parallels. You can then run Windows and Windows programs on a MAC.
it works really good with my xbox one about the ps4 I'm not sure I just have the xbox one
No the picture on the TV does not lag at all
Yes, we have found it works on Mac. What doesn't work on a Mac?
No, the only cord that comes with the device in the box is the USB cable, which connects from the device to your PC. Whichever version of the Xbox 360 you have, you'll need at least one HDMI cable to go from the device's output into your TV. If you have an original Xbox 360 that doesn't support HDMI, you'll need an Xbox 360 Component cable to plug straight from your console into the device's component input. If you have an original Xbox 360 with HDMI support, or an Xbox 360 version S ("slim") or E ("super slim"), you'll need another HDMI cable to go out from the console and into the device.
If on a console yes easily. If your talking computer game it becomes complicated. Use the free Open Broadcasting Software for PC recording. Product is bad DO NOT BUY
Yes you can
Use Open Broadcasting Software or if you have the proper computer for it Nvidia ShadowPlay. Product is bad DO NOT BUY
No the capture device only work on their given software which is Windows only. Product is bad DO NOT BUY
No. You can be offline while recording.
Yes it will work, it does have live-streaming capability (although there's some setup involved) and records 360 quite well. I run a laptop as well and as long as it's multi-core and quick, it'll get the job done.
Version 11.8 (2011). This is a terrific program and worth every cent. It reminds me of the AutoCAD LT series of the early 2000's.
I don't know
I did not need a student ID when I activated my academic version.
360 Premier includes 25GB of online storage versus 2GB with 360.
yes you can when you buy it and load it it will the 365 days to the current subscription you can do this at any time before april
I can help you remotely if you can come online tomorrow at 2.00pm cst
When I purchased it, Amazon sent a receipt and it included the product key. As for a trial version, I am not sure there's even a product key - only for purchases
If you renew you may get charged full amount from Norton. Just buy it again from Amazon download and reinstall on your computers
Works well with Windows 8... We haven't done the 8.1 upgrade yet. Heard there were some issues with it.
I'm not sure
You can add Norton 360 to up too 3 computers in total. or you can add it to your cell phone too, i believe, good luck great product!!
There should be no problem at all about your home country for the software. Only problem you may encounter is the mailing of the box if you order the physical package instead of downloading it. However I will warn you, the Amazon downloading service does not work properly with Windows 8 so if you do download it and it does not install properly don't even waste time playing with it. Just download the software from the Norton website and after installation enter the product code provided from Amazon after purchase.
I would think you only need to upgrade on input the new code but I cannot say for sure since I did not upgrade from a former version of 360.
Yes. Other size options are available as well.
If you purchase the disk, there is an install feature that lets you take two paths: 1. Download everything, including the graphics. You will not need the disk again, but uses more storage space on computer. 2. Download program only. To use their graphics, disk will need to be inserted .
I found it to NOT be compatible with my Mac OSX. It did enough strange things that I have not been able to use it for the purpose I really wanted it for. I was trying to make label for the canned goods I made last year. I installed it and uninstalled it and tried it again and it still did not do the job. My main problem was the few backround designs would not come out anywhere near correct on the label. Sometimes the whole label scrambled. I really wanted something other than just plain text. I hope some day to find a program that does work with my Mac as I use to love to design things with my Print Shop on my old PC. I've thought about buying a more expensive program, but won't do it until I know it will work well.
yes
I actually don't remember choosing a language, so I don't think there are any options. It's in English.
No. You can draw Shapes and Lines (arrows, single lines, triangles, squares, etc.), but you cannot draw freehand.
I don't see a question to answer-Ellie
I believe that when you save you also need to save a copy in another format. When you click save there should be a drop down choice to save in either word 97, just, or pdf. You should then be able to drag into I photo. . I hope I have understood your question&#9786;
check what your printer is on. The printer can usually work it for you. Brenda
Yes! You have the option to create from ready-made template or create from scratch
Some Mac users experience difficulties installing the Open Office 4.0 on the OS X 10.6 platform. You should first upgrade your system to Mavericks or the latest Yosemite OS X 10.10 before installing the Apache Open Office 4.0.
Yes I upgraded to Maverick 10.9 and use Apache all the time with no problems. Easy to convert to other formats if you need to share with people that are using a different platform. I would recommend this for a low end user that needs word processing and spreadsheets without having to pay a fortune for office etc. Of course, there is a learning curve but not much. Acts like and has similar features of excel and word. Hope this helps
I dont think so!...At least not for me!
yes and it works fairly well. Word and Excel can also read open office spreadsheets and docs.
No. It's all or nothing.
No!
Go into system preferences, look under you security settings to approve the download.
It read my Microsoft word and excel documents without conversion. If you make changes it can write it in its ODT format. Great software
I run on Mac. It has been compatible with all of my MS Office for Mac files. I would be willing to step out and say it should work well for the PC version as well.
Never had that problem. Sorry can't help. I downloaded once and then I upgraded to the latest release at that time.
I've only got what they sent me but some of the problems might be solvable with a few more expert programmers, sure, but many of them are structural. There is just so much you are going to be able to do with the technology because of the nature of the problem it tries to solve. I'm sure they will eventually produce another version and probably in several different editions, but I don't see the next version of a software that's been around for more than a decade suddenly making a quantum-leap in performance. Sorry to be the bearer of bad news. Hope this was helpful.
Yes, but it's best to have at least 4GB of memory. In any case, it simply doesn't work well with OS X on any iteration of the Mac, and I couldn't recommend it for the Apple environment.
My version came on a DVD. I think there also may be a downloadable version as well.
My experience dictates : ) success when using Plantronics DSP-V3. I have used two others with varying success however it may also depend on your voice, diction, inflection, accent, and training the program to understand YOU. Quite honestly I find the Apple voice recognition software included with Mountain Lion and I presume Mavericks to work equally as well as Dragon Dictate. Apple provides far superior customer service. Dragon virtually none! Save a couple hundred bucks with less frustration.
Yes
Yes, after installing it you have to get the upgrade from Nuance available only on-line for free. It doesn't work until you do.
Dragon Dictate trains to your voice. So, it should be able learn to recognize your father's voice. Also, you can add words (English or otherwise) to its dictionary. I don't know how it will handle foreign words.
Dictation software is available on the Mac. Although I haven't looked at it in a while and it may have changed with the last update, the Mac dictation is far more limited and is more appropriate for a sentence or two or quick commands. Unless it has radically changed, it is not as accurate as Dragon, once you have set up and implemented Dragon. It is good for a quick sentence here or there but isn't yet set up for dictating long text documents the way that Dragon is. I agree it would be much better to have all this at your fingertips within the OS itself (and I'd even be willing to pay for an add on). Dragon definitely could use some competition in this market and Apple clearly has the ability to do this, as does Google. Sadly, neither company has released anything that can compete directly with Dragon. Dragon's software definitely works, but whether you are using it in Windows or OS X, it is definitely quirky and never completely integrates with the host OS. Having the most mature and viable product and pretty much the ONLY product for individual use, has allowed Dragon to charge higher prices, give so-so customer support to retail consumers, and continue to put a product that never quite meshes completely with the host OS (although it remains highly useful and is gobs faster than typing). It is only a matter of time, though, and this is a field where some healthy competition would be a good thing.
I haven't reviewed Dragon Dictate but I absolutely LOVE it. It's increased my content production ability 3-fold... Works great out of the box though I do recommend you go through the tutorials so that it works even better. I highly recommend.
No. It does not recognize Spanish. It only recognizes English. The windows version sold by Nuance is called Dragon Naturally Speaking and that one does recognize Spanish with the correct language pack. It is also a much better program. For people with a mac, the only solution would be to infall windows with VMWare Fusion or Parallels, and then Dragon Naturally Speaking. That would give you Spanish language recognition for dictation in a mac. Of course, this is not the most practical approach, but so far the only approach I am aware of that works.
No. These are client access licenses for server 2012 only. These are not remote access licenses. Those are separate. Also you would need separate licenses for office as well.
I dont think it matters from a technological point. I have always purchased the CALS that I need and keep the proof of purchase. I have never done anything with the CALS. I have never had trouble connecting computers to a domain. It is very much on your honor as far as I know. If you find out otherwise I would love to hear.
Yes. The Windows Server 2012 License Pack is for 2012 and 2012 R2.
As long as your server(s) are configured in the "per user" fasion as opposed to "per device" you likely wont even get bothered about anything.. you don't really have to put any key codes into the server at all. Really, it seems having them is so you are still legal with everything and stay within the terms of service with Microsoft. Safe from an audit this way for example.
It is my understanding that five computers can log into the server that has these licenses installed. You can't install server 2012 five times.
Yes, as long as they are only used to license one windows server instance at a time. Also, CAL's arent enforced, so its up to the user to ensure that they have enough.
Correct. This will give you multiple remote users simultaneous access to your 2012R2 server.
With only two PCs to log into the Server you won't need them. Also this particular License Pack is only useable if YOU are building the Windows 2012 server. They are not keys you can add after the initial build (eg they can't be used with a server you are buying from Dell, HP, etc.)
No - Only 64bit.
Yes
shipped
Not in my experience, though I'm running my copy as a VM so I just log on directly.
Yes, as long as you do not need to go to the R2 version upgrade.
Yes. This license cannot be installed as an upgrade, it must be a fresh install.
http://www.microsoft.com/en-us/server-cloud/windows-server/buy.aspx is where you can get your license and download the media for installation.
I installed Windows Server 2012 Standard on a Dell PowerEdge T110 II server and it runs great! I do not know about installing it on a Dell XPS X8700 though. What hardware requirements does your business software specify? I hope that this helps. Please feel free to send another email at mars10@comcast.net if you have any more questions. My name is Marshall.
No - Only 64bit.
Yes
shipped
Not in my experience, though I'm running my copy as a VM so I just log on directly.
Yes, as long as you do not need to go to the R2 version upgrade.
Yes. This license cannot be installed as an upgrade, it must be a fresh install.
http://www.microsoft.com/en-us/server-cloud/windows-server/buy.aspx is where you can get your license and download the media for installation.
I installed Windows Server 2012 Standard on a Dell PowerEdge T110 II server and it runs great! I do not know about installing it on a Dell XPS X8700 though. What hardware requirements does your business software specify? I hope that this helps. Please feel free to send another email at mars10@comcast.net if you have any more questions. My name is Marshall.
Generally, Adobe allows installation of its products on a primary computer and a laptop, with the provision that the secondary computer (laptop) is not used simultaneously, and the two installations must be used by the same person. This is cut and paste from Photoshop Elements 11 license agreement: "2.1.3 Portable or Home Computer Use. Subject to the restrictions set forth in Section 2.1.4, the primary user of the Computer on which the Software is installed under Section 2.1 ("Primary User") may install a second copy of the Software for his or her exclusive use on either a portable Computer or a Computer located at his or her home, provided that the Software on the portable or home Computer is not used at the same time as the Software on the primary Computer." If you use a Mac that dual boots to Windows, you have to have 2 licenses; the second installation is not authorized as it is on the same OS system.
Yes. Elements 11 works with Windows 8.
You can buy it as a "download" or the boxed set with DVDs. I prefer the boxed set. What you are really buying is a serial number and licence to use it on two personal computers.
Photoshop elements is for working with and editing photos and Premier elements is for working with and editing video.
I use Windows 7. According to what I've read on the Premier Elements forum and the specifications at Adobe, it will work with Windows 8. See: http://www.adobe.com/products/premiere-elements/tech-specs.html Bill
Yes.
Yes.. Best practice will be to download the still images into Organizer and then Edit in Elements - Organizer is included with Elements.
No, they are separate
I don't think it has that name exactly but it has a lot of settings and in those settings you can change them also. I really like it, I only do it for home use and I am happy with it. The photo merge is very sweet, I have four kids and trying to get them all to smile is hard, lol. Also you can remove people or other objects which is great also.
You'll want to use the Backup and Restore functions in the Organizer -- http://helpx.adobe.com/photoshop-elements/kb/backup-restore-move-catalog-photoshop.html
Yes, you should be able to do that. You work in layers in Adobe Premiere Elements (like Photoshop), so you'd have the video on one layer and the picture(s) on a second layer.
Yes. I have been using Adobe Premiere Elements 11 with Windows 8 initially then with Windows 8.1.
I'll just repeat what you've probably already done but I don't have anything else as I don't recall having a trouble entering the SN. I'm short handing: Upper/Lower case correct; using actually SN not product ID etc; 1 for I; Num lock on/off; not a counterfeit version. All I can think of hope it helped. Sam
"CR2" stands for Canon Raw photos which means that the internal processor was not used to manipulate the image. Adobe Premiere Elements 11 does support import of CR2 formatted images. One caution, DSLR images, jpeg or cr2, all have large file sizes which Elements 11 can not handle efficiently; you need to reduce the file size of your images to about 3 Mb or less before importing them to ensure smooth operation of the software; you can reduce the file size using Adobe Photoshop software which is intended for modifying still images. G. L. D.
Unfortunately I'm running Windows 8, 64 where I have Elements installed and works fine. I have Windows 7 32 at home but haven't installed Elements there. Good luck. Sam
I don't know the specifics of Nikon's NEF RAW image format but Elements 11 does open my Canon SLR RAW images so would guess that Elements also opens all Nikon formats. However, Elements can NOT handle the large size of RAW images, so don't use it unless you first down rez all your RAW images before importing into Elements which is stable for small and medium size still and video images file sizes.
After some initial difficulty with the program freezing up, it settled down and has been great for making videos for Youtube. I've used it for green screen and it works great.
The answer is "yes." However, Adobe Premiere 11 comes with a disc in a box with instructions; purchase of Premiere 12 requires a fee-based Adobe account which lets you download the software from their cloud servers so you don't have a disc. I have not tried 12 for any user interface changes.
I think that you can. I haven't worked alot with this photo shop but it has alot in it.
It came as a physical, hold-in-your-hand CD. Installation was not a problem.
This is the full version.
I got the hard copy because if something happens to your hard drive, you have something to reload it with. Also, you can load it on more than 1 computer which I did. In addition, the hard copy comes with a DVD that has lessons on all facets of the program if you want help. Also a certificate comes with it for $20 of services from Shutterfly. I just thought that it was a better deal for the same price. Hope this helps.
Two computers only!
Yes: http://blogs.adobe.com/photoshopdotcom/2012/10/windows-8-and-photoshop.html
I have element 4 and it will open in windows 7. However, it does not perform all the tasks that it did within an older version of windows. Windows 7 reported that my element 4 had known compatibility issues whenever I opened it. I suspect that you might find that some tasks in windows 5 will likewise be limited or non-functional and that it is not fully compatible as well. If you already have the program, I suggest going to Adobe's support page and look for an update for element 5 that is compatible with your windows 7. Good luck.
My box did not have a rebate coupon. Adobe now uses upgrade editions, requiring you to have the older license. The upgrade edition seems to be priced at ten dollars less than the price for the full edition and I don't see the upgrade edition listed YET on Amazon for sale and download. Perhaps it is coming in future. I suggest you write or call Customer Service and inquire.
Yes! This is great software! Very easy to use, yet very professional.
I have two computers and have installed it on both with no problems
Yes, raw images open directly in camera raw automatically. You can also choose to open JPEG in raw as an option, although you won't have access to as many functions.
Yes, use every day with OCR files.
I have loaded it up on my system with 64-bit Windows 8 Pro and it works perfectly.
I believe that Microsoft pulled out those functions from the basic program because they had intended on charging for them. I heard that Media Center would cost an extra $29, then it went to $19, and for the last couple of months, Microsoft gave it away for free. The functionality is the same. I think this was just a way to get a bit more money from the application by selling popular add-ins.
No you have to put on the windows 8 home version before you put on windows 8 pro
The Pro Pack is an Upgrade product. If you received a Lap Top as I did with Windows 8 Standard You can upgrade it to Pro with the Pro Pack. In terms of a fresh install if you had a licensed version of Windows 8 on your computer you have the right to ask the manufacture for the Windows 8 Install CD to reinstall Windows 8, (say over a version that has become corrupted ). After your fresh Win 8 Standard Install, (The manufacture of said computer usually has an agreement with Microsoft as the case with DELL where you don't even input codes.. though it will register as soon as internet is connected) then you can install ProPack 8 for a virtually clean install.
Go to Microsoft or you computer support group as I have yet to reinstall 8 ,and all of my desktops are oem install on PC's built by me ! If it does not work its $69.95 down loaded from Amazon and takes about 15 to 30 min to do !
While you can
It will do any Algebra with such ease to understand.. Not sure about stats but i would guess negative. It will not do calculus.
I found Math Way works better. But between the two, I passed college algebra. What one wouldn't do the other one did.
No
This program will help a lot, but you have to spend time learning how everything works. Some of the steps explanations are really drawn out and there are easier ways to solve the problems. I personally love the program and my teen uses it too. We both are terrible at math.
Yes, you should send their support an email and ask for the free trial version... I see "support@math-support.com" as the correct email. The free trial version lets you download and run the software before using it, allowing you to verify that the program runs on your computer and that it is going to do what you need it to do!
I haven't use this with TI calculator.
Yes, I run it on windows 7.
It does graph equations. Not sure about calculus but I will check.
The CS6 software is a boxed version with discs. However, you may download the "trial version" from Adobe's website, and then use the serial number included with the box to "activate" the downloaded install into a fully-licensed version. In that case, you may wish to simply purchase the electronic version of CS6, available direct from Safe Harbor Computers. Thank you Jeff
Adobe has moved to a subscription model- you pay a certain amount every month and you have access to the newest version of their Creative Suite. CS6 was the last to be released on a disc. Personally, I wanted a disc so I would own the program and not have to pay a monthly fee, so I got CS6- works for me. I just didn't want to have projects that I cannot open because I did not pay a subscription that month. The life of a freelancer is variable and some months are good and some are slow- I wouldn't want to be in a position where I am in a slow month and am offered work I can't do because I can't afford the monthly fee. It isn't a lot but- kind of the principle of the thing. If I have a file on my computer- art I have created- I want to be able to have a functional program that will open it up. Otherwise it feels like my art is held hostage. So, it is called Legacy because it is not the newest version which is not on disc.
Anything and everything Adobe. "Master" collection
Hi: It has Photoshop CS6, IDesign CS6, Illustrator C6, Powerpoint, Dreamweaver, Adobe Bridge, Adobe Flash and a bunch of other Adobe products that I don't really use. But it's totally legit and worked perfectly when I installed it on my MAC. You can email the seller directly - very easy to work with and will clear up any questions you have. The only thing you cannot do is register it as the # of registrations have been maxed. I didn't care about that. I just didn't want to have to buy that rip-off monthly subscription from Adobe. PS Mine is not on a disk, it's on a tiny flash drive.
Yes, you will get a menu when you run the installer that will let you choose which applications to install.
It works with Mountain Lion just fine. I have chosen to not upgrade to Maverick yet as I've read too many horror stories of stuff no longer working once it was installed. I'll wait till the dust settles and the bugs are worked out.
I can't answer for the other sellers, but seeing as how my price is the lowest on the list, I will say it's because the version we are selling of this software is Student/Teacher. Which just means that you need to be a student or teacher to activate it, but it's exactly the same as the others, just offered at a lower price for education. 100% genuine and brand new.
Hi, OverStock Outlet here.... Here's a list of the included applications: Photoshop Extended CS6 Photoshop CS6 Extended Illustrator CS6 Illustrator CS6 InDesign CS6 InDesign CS6 Acrobat Pro Acrobat X Pro Flash Professional CS6 Flash Professional CS6 Flash Builder Flash Builder 4.6 Premium Edition Dreamweaver CS6 Dreamweaver CS6 Fireworks CS6 Fireworks CS6 Adobe Premiere Pro CS6 Adobe Premiere Pro CS6 After Effects CS6 After Effects CS6 Adobe Audition CS6 Adobe Audition CS6 SpeedGrade CS6 SpeedGrade CS6 Adobe Prelude CS6 Prelude CS6 Encore CS6 Encore CS6 Bridge CS6 Bridge CS6 Media Encoder CS6 Media Encoder CS6 It also integrates with Digital Publishing Suite I hope I answered your question, thanks, Sal
Rose's Roses offers the complete Student/Teacher full version which includes installation disks for both Mac and PC. Brand new, sealed in box.
Two. It says that in the accompanying box where the serial number is listed.
How does windows 8 cd = office? That cd should come with a windows key. However if you buy a computer with windows preinstalled you will not see the coa sticker anymore. The keys are now imbedded in the bios.
Windows 8 can be transferred to new hardware; it just needs to be re-activated. Here's my recent experience... I did a clean install of Windows 8 64-bit System Builder on a dated computer. Everything worked great- I was happy. I then successfully activated Windows 8. About a month later I decided that I wanted to build an almost entirely new system. I bought a new mainboard, processor & memory combination. I then took my original hard drive with Windows 8 already installed & activated on it, and I connected it to the newer components I assembled. Everything worked great- I was happy. Except Windows 8 needed to be re-activated. I tried re-activating by Internet and was instructed onscreen to activate by phone instead. I called the phone number displayed and was immediately connected to an automated telephone system. The automated voice asked me to read aloud 5 or 6 sets of numbers which were on my screen, or I could use the phone keypad to enter in the same information. I elected to read the sets of numbers aloud, and Microsoft's automated system accepted this information without any problems. I believe it was at this time that the automated voice asked me how many computers I had installed this on. I said "one" and the automated system affirmed that answer. The system then said it would give me 5 or 6 sets of brand new numbers which I would need to type into my system. This is all done on the same screen within Windows 8 on which I had originally tried to re-activate. The automated voice stated the numbers clearly and I typed them into their respective entries onscreen. The voice then affirmed that Windows 8 was now activated. That's it! In this situation, I didn't need to speak with an actual person, but some situations may require speaking directly to a Microsoft Customer Service Rep. I'm not certain how many times this procedure can be easily repeated. I'm thinking about switching to a solid state drive in the near future. I'm guessing I might need to re-activate Windows 8 again when I do. I hope this helps!
Yes, but you are better off with Windows 7, if your computer is new enough. Find tutorials on Youtube.
Yes, you can download the "start8" software from Stardock. But that would be dumb, just learn how to use Metro. YES. is ugly at first, but really after 2 hours is just amazing. You will forget about windows 7!
Well you do need a clean hard drive and computer that is put together to install it! :) I just purchased this, and installed it on my computer that I freshly built with a hard drive that was completely empty. You don't need anything additional except a computer. I would not suggest buying this system, though. Better off going with Windows 7. I've been trying to get rid of my version of this (it can be installed again on another computer) at: http://www.ebay.com/itm/Microsoft-Windows-8-OEM-64-bit-System-Builder-/171125918826?pt=US_Operating_Systems_Software&hash=item27d7e64c6a
If you Google your error you will see that this refers to the System Reserved Partition on your disk being damaged. You need to delete the system reserved partition by removing the system partition at the beginning of the installation or going to advanced options, a command line, diskpart, select disk, select parttion, delete partition. http://support.microsoft.com/kb/2476568
Just one unfortunately. I built two systems and needed to buy two seperate copies. One for each computer
I do not know why you would be having a problem activating. You could take a look at this: http://windows.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-8/why-activate-windows Activation carries very few real benefits. It's a nuisance to have an unactivated copy, but you can ignore the activation messages and still use the computer for now. Certain Microsoft products such as Microsoft Security Essentials might require an activated version of Windows before you can use them (at least this happened in 7). I don't know if not having it activated will cause you problems down the line, so I recommend getting that fixed as soon as possible. Try contacting the seller and let them know the key you got doesn't work.
There is a sticker on the blue sleeve, the key is located in the bottom left corner.
There's a small sticker on the inside envelope. On it is a very small picture of a key with the actual key in very small letters and numbers on two lines. It took me a while to find it.
The old version is windows 8 or 8 with media pro both have available free downloads to upgrade to the new 8.1 or you will have to buy the windows 8.1 Full Install I beleive that it runs about 120 dollars at most retail stores ...Just as a side note you need to make sure that you have windows 7 or later before you purchase you cannot do the install from the other operating systems .Also a word to the wise although your system might meet all the requirements Microsoft didnt bother to tell everybody that their new windows isent compatible with some processor chips (example the dell dimmensions 8300 pentium 4) processor chip wont allow you to to switch to nk which it needs to run the system some processors wont work with this system make sure to check all your specs befor purchase
Yes it has a variety of different screensavers
Yes there is drm.
I haven't had any problems yet. I was used to windows vista so the way its organized takes some getting use to. I noticed my Chrome is not working right but the Internet icon is fine. It claims to have its own malware protection built in. No problems there so far. Hope this was helpful.
OEM stands for original equipment manufacturer. These lisences are usually suitable if you are building a system from scratch and need to load the software and it OS into it.
The listing from Amazon is for an original Microsoft OEM package, unopened, with an unused product key. When purchasing make certain you are buying the same item and not buying it used.
Nope, not at all. Once active the PC is activated for life
Yeah.. This is System Builder Version. You don't need prior Windows version on computer.
No you need the cheaper 'upgrade' version because you are technically upgrading from win8 regular to pro.
Yes you can :)
Windows 8 Pro is comparable to Windows 7 Ultimate, where you can download the language's pack as you need and set Spanish as default.
The 70 buck version is upgrade only. Course, down the road when your system crashes and you have to reinstall I wonder if they expect you to dig up the original version, install it, then install the upgrade over it? Strange, but yeah, the $70 dollar version is for if you already have some other version installed, I think as early as XP will work fine.
The EULA for this has been available for a while now at http://personaluselicense.windows.com/en-US/default.aspx and it says the following in regards to "Windows 8 Pro System Builder", which is as far as this license page is concerned the same as the OEM version (indicated by the selection made in the upper right of the screen): "Can I transfer the software to another computer or user? You may transfer the software to another computer that belongs to you. You may also transfer the software (together with the license) to a computer owned by someone else if a) you are the first licensed user of the software and b) the new user agrees to the terms of this agreement. To make that transfer, you must transfer the original media, the certificate of authenticity, the product key and the proof of purchase directly to that other person, without retaining any copies of the software. You may use the backup copy we allow you to make or the media that the software came on to transfer the software. Anytime you transfer the software to a new computer, you must remove the software from the prior computer. You may not transfer the software to share licenses between computers. You may transfer Get Genuine Windows software, Pro Pack or Media Center Pack software only together with the licensed computer." So yes, you can transfer this license to a new computer. Yes, you can sell your copy as long as you provide all of the materials that came with it, including the proof of purchase. No, you cannot use it on more than one computer at a time. It seems quite straight forward to me.
you need: 1- Backup your sys hard disk important info, in other hdd or cd's, any storage that you have. 2- In the W8 Installer assistant, when you put the installer to boot from the dvd, you'll have the options and tools in front to manage the HDD, for example...format the hdd. The assistant is easy, you'll be guided until finish the w8 installation. If you have questions, feel free to ask.
Yup. This is what you want. Don't forget to enter WIN8SYST for $30.00 off.
Per license agreement it can be installed on 1 machine or 1 virtual machine.
I don't understand what you can't open? Do you mean on your computer? It will be an arrow that you will just touch and it will open for you.
You don't need to do anything, the 2012 software version is basically the same as the 2013, it only changes the design of the main console, but the protection is the same. Your product will be renewing for 3 years from the date you first installed it. If Trend Micro introduces significant changes in the software, they will let you know and they will give you a free update to the new version for the duration of your original subscription. It happened to me; I had a 2009 software version that I renew year after year just by introducing the activation code (but without installing the new software), and last summer I got a message asking me to upgrade to the 2012 version because significant changes were made in that version. I was given the link, just clicked on it and my software was upgraded automatically. The current subscription length was maintain, no changes.
Go to www.trendmicro.com and download the version you want.
I don't know I have 2013 I never used this one til this year and I won't use again. I will stick with Norton
It's good for 1 year from installation day.
Why not? The new purchase should have an activation code that you can use for the "new" installation!
If the license for your software didn't expire you can install the software on your new machine and use that license code. If not you'll have to buy new software. You can find it for $22-$25, surf around a bit.
I have used Trend in the past and have not had any problems with a virius. U would recommend this to everyone I know.
One year.
Yes but I never try
Yes, it expires a year after your registration. Same day for all three PCs.
Trend Micro does have a SecurePass feature that allows you to use one master password to access all of your accounts. I do not use the feature as I never want to have one password for shopping and banking and other things. In addition, many sites have revolving passwords or ones that expire. Kaspersky had a feature that secured your password entries, but I found on Apple that it blocked the field making that difficult to use.
it will give you a new serial number to load but you can use the same account on trend. You will have to have the new one listed with the old one. But remember not to use the Auto Renew. A lot of people ended up paying full price.
yes it does
Yes there is only one Serial number on the CD-ROM for all.
Exprires 1 year after you activate the product.
I would try their toll-free 1-800-228-5651. They will give some free assistance. They can probably also tell you (if you have installed on at least one computer) where within the program you may ba able to find the key. I hope this helps in some way.
I have been using the software for five months and have had no problems. I have been using trend micro for over ten years and have had no computer issues.
Yes you can just download the 30 day trial of the version you purchase then put in your new serial number.Cheers!
It says 3 users on the box so if you want it for 10 computers you will have to but 3 for 3 users and 1 for 1 user. Do the math
I have no clue, I threw it away because it messed up my Windows 7 operating system.
"something left over" - it sounds like you are trying to uninstall bItdefender? Bitdefender is not a malware, so not likely will WRSA uninstall it. You should be able to uninstall using standard appwiz.cpl, or try Revo uninstaller (free). WRSA - I can't say enough good things about it and the company (no, I don't work for them).
Hi SHARYN, The SPAM filtering functionality is now handled by the domain/service provider for your email account. However, the active protection features in SecureAnywhere will keep you protected from any threats that come from an email message, such as attachments or bad links.
On the box it says it supports Mac OSX v. 10.7. It says it protects 3 devices for PC or Mac. Hope this is helpful.
You do not need to uninstall other antivirus programs, however you should disable them so as not to interfere with installation. It is better to uninstall different antivirus programs to assure a clean install of the new program. I think you will be happy with the webroot product.
Check with webroot's help & support. They will no doubt have the answer.
I got this and work very well
My Webroot package is NOT cloud based. Came on a CD, and works full time.
I'm sorry but can't help you with regards to Windows 8 or Mac, but I was able to uninstall it without any problems on Win XP - and the new AV immediately picked up a trojan and a couple of minor bugs that Webroot never blinked at.
Don't understand question.
I have no clue, I threw it away because it messed up my Windows 7 operating system.
"something left over" - it sounds like you are trying to uninstall bItdefender? Bitdefender is not a malware, so not likely will WRSA uninstall it. You should be able to uninstall using standard appwiz.cpl, or try Revo uninstaller (free). WRSA - I can't say enough good things about it and the company (no, I don't work for them).
Hi SHARYN, The SPAM filtering functionality is now handled by the domain/service provider for your email account. However, the active protection features in SecureAnywhere will keep you protected from any threats that come from an email message, such as attachments or bad links.
On the box it says it supports Mac OSX v. 10.7. It says it protects 3 devices for PC or Mac. Hope this is helpful.
You do not need to uninstall other antivirus programs, however you should disable them so as not to interfere with installation. It is better to uninstall different antivirus programs to assure a clean install of the new program. I think you will be happy with the webroot product.
Check with webroot's help & support. They will no doubt have the answer.
I got this and work very well
My Webroot package is NOT cloud based. Came on a CD, and works full time.
I'm sorry but can't help you with regards to Windows 8 or Mac, but I was able to uninstall it without any problems on Win XP - and the new AV immediately picked up a trojan and a couple of minor bugs that Webroot never blinked at.
Don't understand question.
cd format
Try this link over at webroot forum https://community.webroot.com/t5/Webroot-SecureAnywhere-Antivirus/Safari-Web-Extension-Problems/td-p/31624#.Uisi0j-R4eM Seems to be an on going issue.
ISBN#6720810522 $0.001+ $3.99 Shipping ISBN# 6720810511 $1.80 +$3.99 Shipping based on amazon list price as of 2/26/15
Yes the longest time for Webroot is 2 years. And I think the shortest is 6 months. The most common one is the one year.
Yes, it is.
Three user
Yes; a good value, but it disables dictation in the Mac version. I needed that function.
Yes, in most cases Webroot is sold in yearly subscriptions. However, you can customize the amount of years you buy on our website. Mike R Webroot Community Support
Install it ASAP,there's too much junk out there on the internet.It is the BEST software on the market,two years running !!!
Yes and I think there is even a version for 5 computers as well. I had it on 3 of mine, got a new PC, uninstalled off &#65279;the old PC and installed it on &#65279;the new PC in under 5 minutes with no problems.
this is a 1year subscription, and yes you could also have her install it on her's it protect total of 5 devices so 5 laptops, or 2 laptops and 2 tablets and 1 desktop etc. the product checks the machine id of the system so it know how many you install it on. as long as you dont go over the 5 you are fine, hope this helps. and you can join webroot community forums if you require further assistance.
It's updates all the time no matter what version you have it does a update called in the cloud which means always atomatic updating
YES. Webroot is good stuff. For that extra ability to remove anything that could get through, strongly recommend Malwarebyte (free version or subscription). The latter is the malware that many IT professionals use as fail-safe to remove threats. Both Webroot and Malwarebytes are completely compatible. Considering the amount of nasties out there, it makes for extra comfort.
Very secure. I have been using this software for several years without any problems. Computer people at work us it also.
Hi, I'm not sure if it can. I would advise to contact Webroot directly. They have a live chat and are very responsive. Sorry that I couldn't be more helpful. Best regards, Georges
A simple Internet search reveals: http://www.webroot.com/En_US/consumer-products-secureanywhere-complete.html "Fully Compatible with Windows 8 - Tested by AV-Test and certified compatible"
When I Purchased Webroot, I called the customer service (1-888-502-1138), and they in turn sent me to tech support who downloaded and checked my computer for me! The customer service and tech support were very professional and there is not a long wait time! I hope this helps to solve any issues with your new Webroot!
No it doesn't mask your IP but the Identity Shield does protect your online transactions, banking and much more please see here: https://detail.webrootanywhere.com/agenthelp.asp?n=Managing_Identity_Protection
It performs great on Mac OS X and installs in seconds with a very light imprint. You can check out Webroot's Mac Security page with this url: http://www.webroot.com/En_US/consumer-products-secureanywhere-mac-security.html Mike R Webroot Community Support Team
It performs great on Mac OS X and installs in seconds with no performance impact. You can check out Webroot's Mac Security page with this url: http://www.webroot.com/En_US/consumer-products-secureanywhere-mac-security.html Mike R Webroot Community Support Team
As I understand it, Adobe permits this to be placed on two computers. The idea is you can put it on your desktop and you laptop computer. Can you do more than that? I haven't tried, but I will say I have it on two computers.
You will not be able to access it. The files will still work in other programs.
My understanding is that you have to buy again each year (no auto re-billing). It's a one-time expense and the 365-day clock starts running when you activate the card. In my case this was a month or so after buying it.
Yes and yes.
Yes as long as he has a .edu email address
Yes, but read the directions carefully if you do something wrong they want you to start a new account. Not cool.
I belive it works to do that as long as you are student
If you have an EDU email address, that should suffice. Notes on Student & Teacher edition validation: If you purchased a boxed product from Amazon, open the box and follow the instructions inside to submit your information for validation. If you purchased a download version from Amazon, the instructions for submitting the product code and validating your student eligibility are contained in a file called "IMPORTANT - How to validate and activate your product.pdf" that's included in the download. If you use your school issued email address &lt;yourname@yourschool.edu&gt; from a qualified institution during the process, the validation is instant and no other documentation is needed. If you have to submit documents it may take up to three business days to receive confirmation of your proof of eligibility and your serial number from Adobe. PLEASE READ: You can still install and use the product *immediately* by selecting the 30-Trial option during installation. Eligibility for education purchasing http://www.adobe.com/education/purchasing/qualify_popup.html Student and Teacher Edition FAQ: (Covers commercial use, use after school, upgradability, etc.) http://www.adobe.com/sea/special/education/students/studentteacheredition/faq.html Global Education Process FAQ (Covers links to submit info, checking status of orders, etc) http://helpx.adobe.com/x-productkb/policy-pricing/education-faq.html Feel free to email me and let me know if you have any questions or concerns that I can help address: jtranber at adobe dot com Jeffrey Tranberry Digital Imaging Product Development Adobe Systems, Senior Product Manager, Chief Customer Advocate
Yes
2
Yes...and edit the audio as well
Hi Mike, I've never had a reason to do that so your question made me curious so I tried it out. Power Director has a series of "tracks" that it displays when you edit a video. The original video has both a video and audio track. There are additional tracks below those that allow you to add another video and audio track, add an effects trqck, etc etc. All of the tracks also have a small control at the head of the track that allows you to turn them on and off at will. So, I opened an unedited video and just clicked "disable" at the head of the origianl audio track and the audio is gone. Click in the disable audio track again and your video is back. Power Director keeps all of the original material (original video, audio) additonal audio or video, additional effects, etc active within a "project" so that you can go back later and tweak anything you'd like without having to start over. When you "produce" a video you edited, the produced video gives you only what you enabled and/or added and none of the elements that you didn't want. So, you can disable the original audio, and replace it with what you want (if in fact you want audio). The produced video will have what you replace the original audio with. However, your "project" is always intact should you want to go back and change something later. It took me a while to get used to Power Director, but I've come to like the way it works.
Rendering video is a very CPU-intensive process and requires a pretty high-end computer, depending on the scale of the project. To lessen the rendering time, make sure you close out all other applications and processes on your computer (CTRL-ALT-DEL and tab over to "Processes" to find some background stuff that doesn't need to be running, like Java applets or Apple helpers). Leave your computer idle and do not attempt to use another program while video is rendering. You can also lower the file size of the video by decreasing its resolution. If none of the above make significant changes, you may just need a better computer.
No idea. I've only used it on win 7. There's really no reason it shouldn't work on win 8, but it isn't a touch-enabled app if you were wondering. You could try asking their online support people. They usually get around to answering you, although it may take a few days.
I don't think Amazon monitors the customer questions. If you want a refund, I think you'll need to seek help from Amazon customer service, which is very painful in my experience. For what its worth, I'm running Power Director 11 on two Window 8 Pro 64-bit machines without issues.
I haven't had any issues yet.
I don't think so. You have to go online to register the software within 30 days. If you don't, it loses some or all of its functionality (I'm ashamed to say I haven't done so yet, even though it's been longer than that since I installed it). Anyway, I suspect that once you register it on one computer, you probably won't be able to do so again for another one. Hope this helps.
there are 1 cd and 3 serial numbers in the box. and It works fine. but you need to search how to use it. some of options are a little bit confusing.
Life time software
I have no idea but I am sure it will clone to a smaller drive. My machines are Windows 7.
I think it will. Here are the minimun requirements: Microsoft Windows XP Home Edition, Professional (32 bit with Service Pack 3) Microsoft Windows Vista Home Basic, Home Premium, Business, Ultimate (32 bit and 64 bit) Microsoft Windows 7 Home Basic, Home Premium, Professional, Ultimate (32 bit and 64 bit) Microsoft Windows 8 (32 bit and 64 bit)
I am currently using it with W8.1.
Just edit in stereo to begin with.
I am now upgraded to Version 12. I am not sure what you mean by "narrative scene editing" but you can do pretty much everything in terms of editing a video. Ideally would be to contact them directly. But again, it is a very powerful software.
Terrible program, just didn't work on a windows 7 machine, not particularly user friendly. It was so bad I had to get adobe premier for video and is much much better.
Hi Christina R, I am sorry but I do not know. I have had so much trouble getting version 11 to work that they would have had to pay me to take version 12. I had only had version 11 about a month when version 12 was offered at 100. I would not have given 0.01 for it. I still wouldn't. I still have not managed to produce an edited video either to a Blu Ray disk or to a "produce" file. (Cyberlink term) I am sorry I can't help you in this matter, but I wish you well with whatever video editing system you end up with. Nick.
Hi Paul, If you have got / or get Cyberlink "Ultimate" or the "Ultra" version of Power Director, they will deal with 4k video. According to the specifications on page 3 of the "Cyberlink Power Director Users Guide" that is resolution greater than 1920 x 1080. I can't verify that it works satisfactory as I have not tried it. My problem was getting 3d to work. It is only this week I have managed to cure the problems I had. It was caused by one tiny section on a hard drive having Fat 12. This did not show up as a partition on the hard drive so I never knew about it until I tried to completely reformat it using Partition Magic and it wouldn't do it. The point I am trying to make is that the more you ask of the program the more spot on the computer needs to be. The hard drive I had the problem with was only used for storing video, not for running the Windows operating system. I wish you luck in whatever route you decide to go with your video editing. Nick.
I dont know. Ive used this only to edit and fix current videos and i havent had alot of time to play with program and discover its full potential. Sorry that i cant help you more.
Power Director is pretty much a straight forward video editing program, it can capture video from a web cam--but not from you monitor or powerpoint--if those features are important to you probably want to check out a media suite, like Roxio or Nero--but even with them your screen recording capabilities are probably limited. You'd be best off downloading a program that's designed specifically for screen capture.
I'm not sure, you're best bet is to email Cyberlink and ask them if the boxed version includes those.
No it does not. To include PhotoDirector 4, you want Cyberlink Director Suite.. www.cyberlink.com/products/director-suite/features_en_US.html?&r=1
I think you can at some extend, like sort by ISO for example. You want to consult the manual for this to make sure it does what you are looking for. Also you can download the trial. And register to the forum might help, or call them.
You can't, once it produce a video its done no turning back. Your best option is to recreate your slide show. Another option: if you have PowerDirector from Cyberlink you can edit the video as a video & not slideshow - its complicated, I rather recreate the slideshow then.
Yes, it does. I have Win 7 in 64 bit mode and it works.
Sorry, I have no idea, I am using Windows 7.
I don't know -- I have a PC. Maybe somebody else can answer?
I don't use Picasa but I had no trouble transferring folders of pictures. Try dragging the folders to My Photos or relabeling them. Hope this helps.
PhotoDirector 4 Ultra does not include ColorDirector. PhotoDirector 4 Suite 4 includes ColorDirector for $40 more. ColorDirector 4 Ultra is the individual product and priced at $129.
I have a drawing tablet but have never really needed it with Anime Studio. I guess it could be useful for small details, but the tools in Anime are quite comprehensive so I've always worked with a mouse. I would recommend getting the program, playing around with it until you're familiar with the tools; then decide what additional things you need.
wow, 10-- kids are so computer savvy... my 16-year old is doing pretty advanced 3D animation, so I think that it's possible for a 10year old to learn this if he has patience and the attention span. Someone may have to help him here and there, but you know best if he's a kid that can learn things on his own. I do find that you can Google almost any question and someone somewhere has an answer, so that's helpful. Also, we love Lynda.com, which has tutorials for almost any software for unlimited learning at $35. a month. I don't remember if they have this software but you can go on their site and see. At the very least, if he finds it too hard, he can put it away for a year or two and try it again later-- but if he does well at this at age 10 he's doing great and has a future in this area if he wants it. I do have a background in design and know Adobe suite, so I find this fairly simple to learn but it is time consuming. Hope this is helpful. I will say that it is well worth the price.
Mine was attached to the paper cd sleeve.
As far as I'm aware, yes.
I see no reason that it wouldn't work in Vista. 7 is like Vista without the bugs.
Mr. O'neil: There is no Snow "Lion". The last three OS X are 10.6, Snow Leopard; 10.7 Lion; and 10.8 Mountain Lion. Best regards, Mark Murdock
Yes. I have windows 8, and it works fine. If you look on the website for the company that makes this software, it will say under the operating system in the system requirements that the operating systems that work with it, are Windows XP, Vista, 7 and 8.
Even though mine is still sealed there is definitely a CD in the box.
No, not in any way, shape, or forme. It can only do 2 minute drag animation.
Yes
I have a drawing tablet but have never really needed it with Anime Studio. I guess it could be useful for small details, but the tools in Anime are quite comprehensive so I've always worked with a mouse. I would recommend getting the program, playing around with it until you're familiar with the tools; then decide what additional things you need.
wow, 10-- kids are so computer savvy... my 16-year old is doing pretty advanced 3D animation, so I think that it's possible for a 10year old to learn this if he has patience and the attention span. Someone may have to help him here and there, but you know best if he's a kid that can learn things on his own. I do find that you can Google almost any question and someone somewhere has an answer, so that's helpful. Also, we love Lynda.com, which has tutorials for almost any software for unlimited learning at $35. a month. I don't remember if they have this software but you can go on their site and see. At the very least, if he finds it too hard, he can put it away for a year or two and try it again later-- but if he does well at this at age 10 he's doing great and has a future in this area if he wants it. I do have a background in design and know Adobe suite, so I find this fairly simple to learn but it is time consuming. Hope this is helpful. I will say that it is well worth the price.
Mine was attached to the paper cd sleeve.
As far as I'm aware, yes.
I see no reason that it wouldn't work in Vista. 7 is like Vista without the bugs.
Mr. O'neil: There is no Snow "Lion". The last three OS X are 10.6, Snow Leopard; 10.7 Lion; and 10.8 Mountain Lion. Best regards, Mark Murdock
Yes. I have windows 8, and it works fine. If you look on the website for the company that makes this software, it will say under the operating system in the system requirements that the operating systems that work with it, are Windows XP, Vista, 7 and 8.
Even though mine is still sealed there is definitely a CD in the box.
No, not in any way, shape, or forme. It can only do 2 minute drag animation.
Yes
Looked through the packages index and contents. See no way to load existing plans. After working with the package for some period of time, I would be shocked if you could.
I don't think you can download it to two devices without paying twice. But I believe you can pay extra to get it on disk, and then install on more than one computer from the disk. I wish I had gotten the disk format, because I downloaded it and can now only use it on one computer.
I think it is definitely easier to use than Autocad, but it can be extensive, so she would need to play around with it for a bit. Also, there are a lot of tutorials for her to watch.
No. But you can export the diagrams as jpegs and show it to people on the tablet.
Yes, check out their video tutorial - http://video.homedesigner.chiefarchitect.com/player/player.php?id=279&th=1&autoplay= and the support article - http://www.homedesignersoftware.com/support/article/KB-00718/
Color wise, yes.... as far as type, brick, log, stacked stone.... I haven't found that option...
Yes, this is just a little from the Help files: Generating a Materials List; To conclude this tutorial we'll generate a materials list for the house. You can generate a materials list for a single room, an area plan for one floor or the whole plan. For more information, see Materials Lists.
You would need to purchase the Designer Suite that is specifically for Mac. This one is for pc.
This is from the program help files: When a new plan file is opened in Home Designer Suite, two floors are present: Floor 1 and the Attic Floor. You can add more floors whenever you like: up to 3 total. Once created, floors can also be copied and deleted. Home Designer Suite also supports special floors for foundations and attics. Only one foundation level and one attic can exist in a plan. Foundations are discussed in their own chapter...
I haven't used the import function but did more of a copy and paste
The simple answer is no, this software will not run on a Chrome book.
No. Windows only.
Don't know. Pro 2013 works on 7.0. Definitely a question for the sales guys. Don't get premium if you don't need it.
Yes, all act versions will convert over. There is a few steps involved with converting a database from that far back, but you are given 30 days of Complementary Support with Sage after activation for ''Getting Started'' Support which covers the converting an existing database to the new version.
The Pro 2011 version is not compatible. I upgraded to 8.1 with the new Office and it will not sync. ACT will also not support it. You will have to fork over another $300. The new version of ACT doesn't get any better, they just keep coming out with new versions so you have to spend more money ever couple years and you are stuck with it. After much discussion and complaints with ACT I have dumped it in favor of another contact management program. I'll never touch an ACT product again.
Sage Act! is good if you are already familiar with the program. Yes, it will do all those things and more. However, the reviews you're getting is accurate. The program has lots of bugs. And be prepared to be charged for technical support after the first 30 days, and they will try to sell you on this. I do not need any technical support because I have been using this for the past 20 years, and I'd like to say there is nothing better. However, I don't think this product is as good as the old Act 6.0. The other product I know is Top Producer, but you pay a monthly fee because it is internet based. I hope this does not scare you, but you need to be forewarned. This product is definitely not for the novice (due to bugs that it has) unless you are willing to pay their support fee for at least 1 year -- maybe, 2.
Yes, works fine. Been running it since spring.
No
Nope. Separate license required for each. And if you have the latest version of windows, forget about. Look into a other product. We dropped Sage all togather because support is terrible and all they care about is upgrading you to another version for big bucks.
full version
Sorry, but I am unable to answer that question
Nope. Really not even user friendly for any OS.
Office 365? or Windows 8?
yes, I have windows and and it works fine
Yes.
No
Yes, you can transfer old ACT! databases into 13. Easily? Depends. Ultimately proper mapping is the key.
1
Yes. Office 2010 32 bit only
Bitdefender works very well with XP. I found that it is not as invasive as the other name brands (it does not take over your computer). It runs smooth in the background. Unfortunately I run some programs that act like a virus and kept shutting them down. This is not bad as that is what it is designed to do. I doubt that you or anyone would be using these programs as I built them myself. I would say it is the best of all security programs. I do not use any of these because of how I use my computer. If you shop around you can find this at a reasonable price.
yes it does bit buy something else unless you want system, network and popup problems. you will also be spammed with ads within 6 mos. of expiration.
Is Internet Security 2014 available?
I have an HP desktop with Windows 8 and the bitdefendeder Internet security on it for several months and everything seems to work fine so far.
Yes it contain software instalation disk, for one computer only
Yes - it can convert a PDF to a JPEG and other formatted files
It is a single license.
Pretty well - I've had some words misspelled throughout the document but easily corrected. It is better than retyping an entire document. Use the Microsoft Word spell check to catch all of the small issues.
My Acrobat Pro is English only, but there is a Spanish version sold separately.
the license does not expire. You can probably upgrade it at some point in the future.
If you are paying less then full price you are more than likely going to receive a bogus copy. Mine was scratched and 50% off with no indication it was a bootleg. Good luck.
1
What is bates stamping?
I'm sure it does
Per machine. Actually, a bit more liberal than that. The Adobe retail license allows you to install it for the same user on two machines provided the two installation are not used concurrently. So if you are an individual you can install it on your desktop computer and laptop computer as long as you don't use them both at the same time, for example.
Yes. You can protect by creating a password required to open the pdf AND/OR to edit or print. There are separate options for certificate security (for groups of people signing and editing common files) as well as file encryption.
If you order by selecting "PC", you will receive the discs.... If you order by selecting "PC Download", you will be able to download it to your PC.
Yes, you can. The problem is that these functions (like so many of them) are no longer available from the "File-Edit-View" menu at the top of the window. You've got to search through the "Tool sets" and add the function yourself to whatever tool set you choose. Royal PITA. I used to be able to do just about everything without taking my fingers off the keyboard. Now I find myself clicking with the mouse for almost every function I want to use. I wish Adobe hadn't so radically changed the way functions are accessed. Hmmm. Maybe in Acrobat XII?
Yes
No you need Adobe Pro for the PreFlight function.
As far as I can tell, it can read files created by any previous version. You'd have to enquire of someone else as to the compatibility with previous versions of the files Acrobat XI writes.
I have not done this personally but check out, http://tv.adobe.com/watch/acrobat-x-tips-tricks/quick-tip-how-to-create-editable-form-fields/
Yes, I don't use them much, but its very easy.
I bought the Adobe Acrobat XI Standard program when I was running windows 7 Professional (64 bit) and never had an issue with it crashing. I also upgraded to Windows 7 Ultimate (64 bit) and the program continues to work flawlessly. I receive updates from Adobe automatically and the application always runs when I click on the icon and select any of the features I wish to use. I have a Dell Studio XPS 9100 desktop and have never had any problems with the Adobe Acrobat XI Standard software.
install once per pc or computer will cover all users of that pc
To get the best price I have found that you need to buy the new version outright and not do it through a renewal. There seems to be no discount if renewed directly with Trend. Installation is just as easy as the first time. It will remove the old version and install the new one off the CD or download.
yes, any 5 devices
You can use on PC's, Mac's, I-phones, Androids phones, and Tablets. I have it on 2-n PC's, 2- Android phones, and my Galaxy Tablet. You can run any five at one time and even drop one and add another to your list you just can go over five at one time. The pkg. also comes with 20 gigs of free space on Trend Micro Safe-Sync cloud that you can access from anywhere.
Yes, an Android smartphone or tablet is counted as one.
IT was new in a box with a cd. It runs on windows 8 and windows 7 with no problems. Been a use of Trend Micro for about 5 years.
Once you install the program on your system (computer) a window will popup and ask if you want to install on your phone and tablet. Say "get started" with another device and it will ask you for your email address to send you a link to install on you phone and tablet. If you have closed that window, on the main screen/ dashboard screen at the very bottom in small letters it says "protect another device" click there follow the directions. Hope this helps.
One year (12 months)- Jeff Hendrick
For the 2013 version, Premium and Maximum are the same, with the following exceptions: Premium gives you a 5-user license, while Maximum gives a 3-user license. Premium provides 25BG Online Backup, while Maximum provides 5GB. Everything else is the same.
If you bought the Titanium Security for 3 computers from Amazon, you will have to purchase the 5-computer license program separately. If you bought it directly from Trend Micro, you'll need to ask their CS about their policy.
Hi Sherry... Internet Security is better than the Antivirus version... there's only one reason why and that is because the Internet Security version also has a firewall to protect you from hackers trying to get into your computer directly. The real purpose of the Antivirus version are for systems that are not connected to the internet 24 hours/day.
Yes... otherwise it would be an empty box.
The single user license means you should use this on one computer.
Do not know, happens in back ground.
Yes it is.
As long as you remove Vipre from the old computer first.... They use your email to track the license.
The program is downloaded or installed off the internet, sometimes I guess it's installed off of a disk. Mine was off the internet.
go into th3 control panel and uninstall from there. Be sure to check/search for any remaining pieces and delete those also.
im using it on 2 computers right now with windows 8. it works great!! no problems, no slow down,
judging from how it worked with the one year version, as long as you have the code they allow it. im looking at the box right now and the only phone# I can find is1-800-336-3166. try that if not go to the viper website and see if you can reach customer service. this is worth the trouble. its a great antivirus and I swear by it. good luck!
Good question, I have windows 7! And Vipre is great!
As far as I know its for 1 PC for the lifetime of THAT PC - I wouldn't try to burn it or use it on more than 1 PC - its worked very well so far and I personally feel that its a very good deal.
Per the GFI.com website, under the search bar in "Support", look for "Can I transfer my license from one PC to another?" "Yearly Subscription Licensing: Yes. We just require that you remove VIPRE from the computer it was previously installed on (if possible)." Also, this is typical of most AV software. It's protocol to uninstall the anti-virus on one computer, then reinstall it -- just make sure you have your product keys and purchase info. with you first! Note also that some AV software actually gives you license for more than one PC. So, if you have a family or a laptop and Tower (AKA Desktop) PC, if you have a license for 3 (for example), you can install the software on up to three.
go into th3 control panel and uninstall from there. Be sure to check/search for any remaining pieces and delete those also.
im using it on 2 computers right now with windows 8. it works great!! no problems, no slow down,
judging from how it worked with the one year version, as long as you have the code they allow it. im looking at the box right now and the only phone# I can find is1-800-336-3166. try that if not go to the viper website and see if you can reach customer service. this is worth the trouble. its a great antivirus and I swear by it. good luck!
Good question, I have windows 7! And Vipre is great!
As far as I know its for 1 PC for the lifetime of THAT PC - I wouldn't try to burn it or use it on more than 1 PC - its worked very well so far and I personally feel that its a very good deal.
Per the GFI.com website, under the search bar in "Support", look for "Can I transfer my license from one PC to another?" "Yearly Subscription Licensing: Yes. We just require that you remove VIPRE from the computer it was previously installed on (if possible)." Also, this is typical of most AV software. It's protocol to uninstall the anti-virus on one computer, then reinstall it -- just make sure you have your product keys and purchase info. with you first! Note also that some AV software actually gives you license for more than one PC. So, if you have a family or a laptop and Tower (AKA Desktop) PC, if you have a license for 3 (for example), you can install the software on up to three.
Definitely, works with Windows XP, Vista 7, and 8. This software is constantly being improved, a new version will be out soon and you will get a free upgrade along with the excellent support from people in the US.
I don't think so. We received a CD to install it on our computers. I would check back with HSN. I hope you have better luck than we did. We got a virus, Vipre couldn't help us and we had to pay $200 to get it fixed. If you still have time, I'd advise you to return it to HSN and get your money back.
I have not used it outside of the US but I have no reason to believe that it wouldn't work just fine.
I got the 1 year version to see if I liked it. It does come in longer versions.
Apparently a download of Bridge Baron 23 is available at www.greatgameproducts.com
Only twice!
This series has limlted information about current conventions. I would recommend obtaining a book (from the library) regarding current biddig practices and current "rules" in contract and duplicate bridge. Get a book that is readable and one with many examples of opening bids and expected (proper) responses for each convention.
I gave this "23" as a gift so I can't answer this question directly. However, call (toll free) 1 800-426-3748, to see if the operator can answer. Also, visit the Bridge Baron web site, free lesson are available (free download). Finally, it is possible to write to Great Game Products (in Potomac MD) - address on web site and the folfsd there will answer any questions. I live about 2 miles from their office and visit about twice a year - they are very helpful and informative. Hope this helps a bit.
I don't think so as it isn't an app but a program to load ... could be wrong!
Bridge Baron 23 is only compatible with PC or MAC. The APP can be purchased separately in the APP store.
Please contact: www.greatgameproducts.com - they are very responsive and can answer this question easily.
You first specify which bidding conventions you want to use. In normal play, you bid and play a hand, then the computer bids and plays the same hand and the results are compared. So it is teaching by example.
I bought the i pad version from i tunes. I do not know how to convert
Yes, if you purchase the download or the retail package (which you can get from Amazon). Also, "yes" if you pay for the online version (which you cannot get from Amazon, you can get this from the TurboTax website). I believe the only case where the Basic version would not print the federal return is if you use the online version, and don't pay the 20 bucks when you want to file your return. I have used the Basic version of TurboTax since 1996. In my opinion, the only benefit to the Deluxe and Premier versions is that they provide you with more guidance for more complicated returns. If you generally know what you are doing (say, not much has changed from previous tax returns), the Basic version should suit your needs.
I bought Turbo Tax Deluxe and on the back of the box it shows what features are included in both Basic and Deluxe. Basic is for those who do not itemize deductions, while Deluxe is for those that do itemize. It does not indicate that there is any income limit or parameters for either software. Hope that helps.
Yes. Once a return is started, Turbo Tax Basic allows the user two options for entry: the interview method or the self-exploration method. Choosing the latter allows the user to push a "forms method" button to see actual forms, one of which is Schedule B. Once the form is in view it is easy to enter dividend and interest income directly.
People who need it for personal taxes can use it. There is help for those with questions about their taxes but the financial advice part is less than with the deluxe version.
It's by tax year. So you want 2012 for 2012 taxes.
If you have a business that generates income and deductions, I would suggest, you should use Home/ Business.
Beware the additional costs if other family members live in different states. One state download is included, but each additional costs about $45, plus $19.99 to e-file the state return.
Yes, you can prepare and file as many returns as you wish. However, the IRS limits you to a maximum of 5 ELECTRONICALLY FILED returns. There is no limit to paper-filed returns. Bob Meighan VP, TurboTax
You can file 5 Returns With This-That's the other reason of purchasing it. The step by step instructions along with the questions/suggestions cover just about every angle of savings. For me it's way cheaper than having them done for me and I reap the extra benefits. Plus you take your time doing them. There is no rush to finish that day you install the program. Everything, every step is saved easy to go back to.
You will need to file forms with the IRS for the LLC (Form 1065, K-1s and any other applicable forms for your type of business). The home and business turbo tax does not include those forms. But the home and business turbo tax does allow you to include the income you earn from the LLC. If you want to use turbo tax for the 1065 and other forms you need to file with the IRS, there is another turbo tax product you would have to purchase for that - but I have never used it.
yes
We checked our program box and it states clearly that it works with Windows 7 and 8 so it should be OK.
Use Home and Business version. It's made specifically for your situation.
Home and Business will work if you are a sole proprietor, consultant, 1099 contractor, or single-owner LLC. You will need to upgrade to Business version if you own an S Corp, partnership, C Corp, or multiple-owner LLC.
I have not had any problem installing this program on multiple computers.
You can install the software on another computer, but don't forget to transfer the file you created for your tax return to that other computer as well.
Not sure where you saw this.... I looked at my software for trusts, Sub-S Corp and Estate returns and they all have filing by mail, printing for filing or for personal records, and printing to paper or to PDF files.
Not sure where you saw this.... I looked at my software for trusts, Sub-S Corp and Estate returns and they all have filing by mail, printing for filing or for personal records, and printing to paper or to PDF files.
Not sure where you saw this.... I looked at my software for trusts, Sub-S Corp and Estate returns and they all have filing by mail, printing for filing or for personal records, and printing to paper or to PDF files.
I had the same question because I don't want to fall for a 'gotcha'. But if you do a search on the page for 'printing', you'll see this: "Cost includes tax preparation and printing of unlimited federal tax returns and free federal efile, of up to five federal tax returns." That sounds pretty clear.
I haven't actually tried to print a return yet, but I opened the app and checked the Help menu of this edition and it indicates that it CAN print returns and also print back-up copies for your files. Plus, all the prior year versions have allowed me to print & mail my returns without any problems.
Yes you can file 2012 taxes at any time but you will need to mail in the return as it cannot be submitted electronically when you file late
Turbo Tax is titled by the Tax Year. So, Turbo Tax 2012 is for the 2012 tax year that has a filing deadline of April 15, 2013.
There's no way to do that. If you need to add more documents, you need to mail your return. That said, sending a page from divorce decree is unlikely to help you if the other parent will also claim the child, nobody reviews supporting documents manually at the time it arrives to IRS. Should there later be discrepancy in the records, the computers willl flag it and then a request for supporting documentation would be made separately.
I believe it does. But you have to pay 20$ to efile state tax.
I have used Turbo Tax for 16 years. I have had Windows XP & Windows 7, but I have NEVER had Windows 8 or 8.1 so I have no idea. I would call Turbo Tax.
please contact the manufacturer regarding specs we do not have any.
According to Turbo taxes website, yes it does http://turbotax.intuit.com/support/iq/General-Product-Purchase/Buyer-s-Guide---If-you-live-and-work-in-a-foreign-country/GEN12399.html
I have installed it twice on the same computer due to a hard drive crash a couple of years back but never installed on more than one distinct computer. Can't give you a definitive answer. I have always purchased the version that includes the media for that reason.
Turbo tax 2012 for Intel based Macs, requires a 64 bit chip, not a 32 bit. First, make sure which one you have by clicking on the "apple icon" top left corner, then click on the drop down menu "about this mac". This will open a small window that will tell you what kind of processor you have on your Mac. See the processors on the list below and find out which one you have. Intel Core Solo is a 32 bit Intel Core Duo is a 32 bit Intel Core 2 Duo 64 bit Intel Quad-Core Xeon 64 bit Dual-Core Intel Xeon 64 bit Quad-Core Intel Xeon 64 bit Core i3 64 bit Core i5 64 bit Core i7 64 bit If you have an Intel core solo or an Intel core duo on your Mac, well those are 32 bit and you can not use Turbo tax 2012 for Mac. However, according to turbo tax, you can use the "Online filing" (not download) to file your taxes, your information will be carried over from previous years, regardless of what kind of Mac you have. This is what Bob Meighan VP from Turbo Tax wrote... " The system specifications for the product clearly state that a 64-bit processor is required for the Mac version. There are no plans to change this since most customers are running 64-bit. For those who aren't, we encourage them to use TurboTax Online where they'll preserve all historical tax information." Bob Meighan VP, TurboTax
I don't think there is enough information - if you are over 59 1/2 (I think that's the age) then you can withdraw from a retirement account without federal penalty. I don't know, from your question, if you have retired and maintained a 401K account or have not yet retired. When my wife left a company, she transferred her 401K to T. Row Price and had them establish a traditional IRA account. I think (my opinion) that anyone should do that because very few 401K plans have enough good mutual funds to support a retirement. If, however, whether you are or are not of retirement age when you took the distribution, I do not know how you should account for the withdrawal. I am pretty sure that the manager of the 401K plan will (must) provide you with a form 1099R to show that you took a distribution. I am certainly not qualified to advise anyone but I certainly believe that you will NEED to go to a qualified tax accountant, not a software program.
I would go with Premier because of the new IRS Basis of Cost rules for Stock purchased in 2011 and Mutual Fund/EFT in 2012. If you sold shares in 2012, I think Premier will guide you better through how to read and understand Box 3 and Box 6 of 1099B dealing with Uncovered and Covered Securities. You will also need to read your FI's notes about Box 3, particularly if you see a Box 3 Basis of Cost while Box 6 shows "A" Uncovered Securities AND you are using a different basis (FI's report Average Cost by default under Box 3). I think Premier has better guidance.
Yes. This is the 2012 calendar year return that is to be filed by April 2013.
The information I am conveying here is based on my understanding of the license; it's not Legal Advice. I use the CD version; not the downloaded version. I do not know the answer to your question regarding the downloaded version, but there are other reasons beyond multi-device questions why you may prefer the CD anyway, so let me at least point that out. An important capability present in the CD version and ABSENT in the downloaded version is the ability to IMPORT data from brokerages, banks, and Quicken (if you use Quicken). With the CD version, as long as you have the Quicken files for the current tax year on the same computer as the TurboTax (TT) program, you will be able to use the TT Import feature to bring in all that data instead of using hand input. Now, back to the topic of muti pc use (for the CD version). I believe this is a SINGLE USER license that you can legally install on as many PCs as you like. I use three different pc's at my home to operate Quicken and TT products because I can't always have any one of them exclusively available to me at any given time for the hours it may take to do the necessary work. So, YES, I've installed both Quicken and TT Premier (from the CD) on all three pc's with no difficulty. You will want to "register" each installation so that whichever pc is being used you will have full access to updates and data download features included in the product. Not so incidentally, when you use more than one pc to access your files (either with Quicken or TT) an important consideration is being assured you are accessing the most-recent file(s) from each product. The easiest way to do this, in my opinion, is to store the data files that you plan to work with "in the cloud" using any one of the many file storage services now available. I happen to use SugarSync, which has an incredibly handy tool called "magic briefcase" that automatically synchronizes the files to all the PCs no matter which pc you last may have used. When you install SugarSync on each of your pcs (via download) it will create the "magic briefcase" folder as a new folder in MyDocuments on each pc. Every file you store in that Magic Briefcase folder will automatically be accessible to every PC running SugarSync. At the end of your FIRST SESSION you begin using this feature by saving both Quicken and TT data files to the Magic Briefcase folder on any PC from which you first start using the product. Now, make sure you are still connected to SugarSync and as soon as you save a file to that's pc's Magic Briefcase, SugarSync will start to UPLOAD if from the PC you're working on to The Cloud. (This happens in the background as long as you stay connected to the web with SugarSync running.) Be sure you don't turn off the PC until all the files are uploaded to the Cloud if you want to be sure the next time you pull a file from SugarSync's Magic Briefcase, it's the most recent version of that file. SugarSync warns you if the file hasn't been fully uploaded. If you stop it from uploading, it will resume automatically next time you start SugarSync. So let's assume you use PC#1 and save the files to Magic Briefcase. We'll also assume you allowed SugarSync to finish its prior upload to the Cloud. Then next time you want to work, lets assume you won't be using the same pc, though you could of course. Instead you use PC#3 (which already has SugarSync installed as well). You must first make sure SugarSync is running on PC#3. As soon as you turn it on and connect SugarSync, all files previously uploaded to your MagicBriefcase will automatically be pulled in from the Cloud and downloaded to your PC#3. Wait for that download to be completed. You then simply go to the Magic Briefcase folder on PC#3 and double click the file (Qkn or TT, whichever you want to use) and it will open on PC#3. (This is why you must install the Application [TT and Qkn on all the pcs you will be using.]) When you finish your work, that most recently updated file will automatically be UPLOADED from your local Magic Briefcase folder to the Cloud Magic Briefcase folder. From then on, all you have to do is keep on using Magic Briefcase on any of your PCs that run SugarSync to open the TT or Qkn files and you will be assured you have the most recent version of the file. (The backup's are also created on Magic Briefcase if you so instruct, which is a good idea.) Let me know if you need more help or specific information on how to get SugarSync.
That is correct. TurboTax can transfer 2011 information from TaxCut aka At Home. Bob Meighan VP, TurboTax
Comes in retail packaging - hybrid disc that runs on both MAC and PC.
It saves in PDF format.... You'd have to rename it I think....like 2012A
I entered 'short sale' into turbo tax premier 2012 support search and it returned Calculations not supported for turbo tax year 2012. Try this: http://homeguides.sfgate.com/report-short-sale-irs-7226.html The link is to a brief but helpful article. Google has many links. There is a youtube video, and the often opaque IRS instructions and publications. FL may have other regs. Start with the homeguides link.
If you use the online version , it does import your personal information from 2010 even if 2011 is missing.It will then ask you to confirm the info is correct. If you use the CD version, it will not import the previous version unless you provide the saved(pdf files) from previous tax filing using TT.
I used to convert all my .wma files to .mp3 using Windows Media Player. Apparently, the Microsoft gods have now eliminated that feature. I do own NERO 12 but I'm a novice NERO user. I did a little research (before writing this response) using GOOGLE and NERO 12 is indeed supposed to be able to do this conversion, according to some users. I would suggest you ask someone with more experience. I bought NERO because I used to use a stripped down version of ROXIO. Recently, I had to reload my WINDOWS 7 OS and all of a sudden ROXIO would not work with the reinstalled WINDOWS 7. Hmmm? Go figure. That's why I went to NERO. Still learning NERO. Sorry can't be of more help. As an aside, these media packages (ROXIO and NERO, and others) have gotten too "bloated". They try to do too much. Users get lost easily. We just want the basic stuff, done cheaply. I'll climb down from my soap box now.
Ello, if your looking to just burn a DVD with photo's - there are way better & free resources available on the net. Windows - either Windows 7 or Windows 8 both allow you to "drag & drop" files directly to a DVD & then burin it. Nero's just ok to be honest - I bought it cause I thought it could burn ISO files & convert them to usable DVD's - it turns out it could - but so could a free app called "Image Burn" - which to be truthful works much better & faster + Image Burn also allows me to turn DVD's to ISO way better + it was free :-) Image Burn won't do just pictures - but the point being - Windows 7 & 8 will allow you "drag & drop" picture files directly & you don't have to spend extra $$$ to save them on a DVD or CD for that matter - as long as you have a DVD burner in your PC - your already good to go.
yes it works with windows 8 system/program image backups to external HDs yes.It will also burn blue-ray . Nero it is the best burning software there is I hope this helps. =)
Hello, I never tried, but .... do it and tell me.
Yes but you will have to tell it that you are reinstalling windows . =)
Tracy, I don't know. I haven't tried it for that purpose. I've downloaded from Youtube with other programs.
I purchased NERO over the net. I used the download method. What instructions I have are in English but, NERO comes from Germany and, I think the translation is lacking somewhat? I personally, am very disappointed with NERO 12. I wanted to edit single video frames and, I still haven't figured out how to do that? NERO keeps wanting to change my videos into some kind of NERO video. Videos take a lot of memory and, this process doubles the memory needed. And, the bottom line is that I still can't edit video like I want to. I used to have NERO 6 on my old HP but, that computer is around twenty years old and, doesn't even have a single gig of RAM so, NERO quit working a few years ago. NERO 6 used to allow me to edit a single frame of video and, print it out as a jpeg. That is why I bought NERO 12 but, I can't seem to get NERO 12 to do what NERO 6 used to do. I seen a lot of translations for NERO 12 but, the bottom line is "buyer be ware". I would suggest trying the free trial program before you finally decide to buy.
As I stated in my review, I could not get Nero loaded on my computer. The customer service was lousy, so I gave up and threw the program in the trash! Sorry I couldn't help.
According to the note on the box -- "on 64 bit operating systems, applications run in 32 bit emulation mode" Hope this answers your question.
Yes, it is.
You are correct. Sealed in the box and brand new. No downloading involved.
According to telephone support at Symantec, the one year license begins at first installation; if no license from the box is used to install, then all 5 do not expire; so yes, you can purchase it today and install it for the first time six months from now and have a year support from the date of use of the first license; nb: if you use only one license, the other four will still expire at the same time as the one first installed.
I have it on 2 phones, 1 laptop, and 1 tablet.
Mustang is so knew I don't know if it will or is even needed due to it being a Linux OS. According to everything I've read, it's "impervious to virus problems". Since there's basically no HD you probably don't need virus software. Perhaps talk to a live chat support tech at Norton. Hope this helps, but this is all I know about this OS.
I have had several Norton Security programs over the last 14 years some bought at stores, some directly from Norton and some from Amazon sellers. The only code I have ever been required to have was the "Key Code". I would suggest that you contact the seller and ask them why you are being asked for a "Store Activation Code". You can also contact Norton Support by by going to..... https://support.norton.com/sp/en/us/home/current/contact-phone.... The form will 1st ask some question but it will then give you a direct phone number to a Norton Support Agent who can help resolve the problem. I have had to use the Norton Support helpline before and have alsways had good results.
They have get the New Update Norton 360 Multi Device the old version is for the old Kindle tablets
It doesn't matter what year is on any Symantec/Norton product since they give you free updates to the latest version anytime during your subscription period. For example if you have an unused box of Norton 360 from 2009 you can download the newest 2013 version from Symantec's website and use the 2009 activation code to activate it, or if you have the 2012 version installed on your device and the 2013 version is released you can download and install the new version and you will still have the remainder of your 2012 activation days left on the new version. You can go to the Norton Update center to see if you have the latest version of any Norton product and get the latest release. here: http://updatecenter.norton.com/?SSDCAT=210&displang=iso3%3aENG&displocale=iso3%3aUSA&plang=en&env=prod&origin=amsw&version=1.0
Yes it is.
You can protect up to 5 devices. I was able to protect my PC, my Mac, my tablet and my smart phone. It is one year protection from the first device I activated.
up to 5 devices
The whole program sucks
You will need the cord to go from your video camera to your computer. After plugging in the cord in the camera and from the camera to the computer, Click on "My Computer"...your camera should be located there. Click on your camera in "My Computer" to open it, find the video you want to download...click on the file and download to a folder you created/or will create... Start up Nero, and find "burn video"...follow instructions from there. Hope this helps Bud...Evergladesbeing
If your dvd player ( most likely from 2008 and on) is a newer one it should be able to play those formats. If it is an older model you will have to encode (change it a readable format) your content. Blu-ray players should handle those extensions just fine without any encoding. This program I do not believe will do any type of encoding or file conversion. You will have to get another Nero program or some other program that will. So, burning your files, not a problem. If you dvd player accepts those extensions is another matter.
The program will be the same dl'd or delivered on disc. The registration key will work on both. Side note: There are so many many better free programs out there on the net. In fact, I thought they were giving burn express (might be different than Burning Rom) away for free on the site not to long ago.
According to the details on the box, yes it will work on Windows 8
Antonio, data, pictures and videos can be recorded in the proper format. Many times for data, you can also just do a save as, then select your drive.
Im not a web builder, but the program does have the option to optimize a file, which does change to a 96dpi screen resolution and creates a larger file in the process. Dont know if this helps to answer your question or not.
Yes, it has the Xara Photo & Graphic Designer 2013 on here along with the Photo programs and managers.
I'm not impressed with the software at all. I'd pass if I was you.
You can certainly format the artwork for a book cover, or any other sort of illustration work, using the photo editor. As to printing such an item, that depends more on your printer than on the editor - you can resize your finished work as large as you need it, but having a printer that accomodates a corresponding paper size is a separate issue.
No idea... I got frustrated with the app and stopped using it. Note: I've been doing digital retouch and graphics since PShop 1.0... (late 80's) This thing is a dog and I couldn't get answer to my questions from them.
Only if you want something really artistic, and are willing to spend the time to learn. For a simple flyer this software would probably be overkill, and not the easiest. Word, Wordperfect or search online for "software for making flyers and brochures" to find something free or low cost.
Of course. Try it free for 30-days from here: http://www.adobe.com/downloads/ If you like it, you can purchase from Amazon and simply enter your serial number to activate the trial version.
If you already have the trial just select buy and then you receive the code number to activate the trial as a full edition.
Yes. You can archive the downloaded installer on DVD for backup.
You can download the trial version from Adobe.com. Just click on 'try' instead of 'buy.' It will then let you download the full version of the software. After you download and install the program, you can register it with the information that came with your disk version. The direct link to download the trial version is here: http://www.adobe.com/cfusion/tdrc/index.cfm?product=photoshop_elements&loc=en_us PS: The trial version is the same as the full version. It just deactivates after 30 days. After you register your software, you will be good to go.
The version that I received was a full version with it's own license key.
I believe it is as there was a Camera RAW update not so long ago.
The answer to all your questions is "Yes."
Elements itself does not read raw format however it comes with a version of adobe camera raw which can read raw format. Once in elements you are limited to 8bit
PSE 11 is not available in all countries. Multiple languages are supported. My experience with Adobe support has been very good and I think if you open an online chat with them they will be able to answer your question as to exactly if PSE is available in your friends country. I hope this helps.
I'm not positive what you mean by "top bar". File, Edit, Image, etc are all white lettering on dark grey. Toolbars can float, etc. I suggest downloading a trial copy and have a look for yourself. It's free at Adobe to do that.
You can load this software on as many computers you need, BUT you can only use it on one computer at a time. Also be aware that the install process requires some extra steps to prove that you are a student. This is not in any of the documentation.
Yes
Need to submit related proof of documentation to qualify student & teach edition purchase. After Adobe review the paperwork, Adobe will send you an email with serial number.
http://help.adobe.com/en_US/acrobat/X/pro/using/WS76F8368A-2F01-421d-9437-06EEB1C68BA4.html Yes
Yes, I just confirmed this.
Yes
Go to the adobe website to register and qualify as a teacher or student. Once approved the serial number will be emailed to you. Make sure to use school email address. Thanks, Chuck
Yes, you can make electronic bookmarks.
Yes. Adobe can verify it using other means, but it is not as fast as using an .edu email address. See their website for registering at link: http://www.adobe.com/education/students/student-eligibility-guide.edu.html You can also call and order online. Verification other than electronic means via .edu email will require a few days for coordination, but adobe has a program to handle it with very specific eligibility requirements located at the above link. Good luck
You need to confirm with the school email address first if you order the discount price . Next the product key code is in the purchase order of the Amazon.com .
Yes, I have been able import mpeg3 (mp3) files for audio.
Yes, you sure can! I put a combination of still and videos in my Premiere video projects. You can also adjust the amount of time they display during re-play (time stretch feature).
Cr2 files...known better as raw, need a special program to open them. Elements 11 may possibly open Them... But premiere elements is a video editing program. Not a picture viewing program.
No, The program crashes in windows 8, maybe when 8.1 Windows 8 update which comes out soon will solve the problem
Don't understand the question.
Unknown, I tried it on my Acer S7 and it failed to load in the "Metro" mode of Windows 8
They work well as long as you have the latest version of quicktime installed. APE11 requires quicktime to be installed separately for .mov features to work.
You should be able to download from Amazon or directly from Adobe. Then just enter the key. I downloaded the trial from Adobe and liked it so I purchased the key from Amazon.
Rich, Need more info. I assume the laptop is not connected to the Internet...? If that's correct, I would save the download to the computer then transfer it to the laptop. Hope this helpsi
It has for me and I love it. When I installed it I had Windows 7 on my PC and I upgraded to 8 and have used it several times and have had no problems. Good luck to you&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;Peace
You need to have a mac with an intel chip. You have the powerPC chip.
Complete Stan alone
If you're asking if you can transfer pictures from a PC to a mac. the answer is yes. The only problem you'll have is if you have put text into the picture. If you don't have the same font, it will have to be replaced.
If you buy a Mac version, you can only install on Macs. If you want to install on a PC, you will also need to buy the PC version.
Yes. This version includes both the organizer and the editor program. I had considered purchasing from the App Store but I notices the same thing you noticed. This one is the full version.
Yes. You can put in measurements and such just like Photoshop.
As far as I know you can install the software on two home computers (for example a desktop and a laptop).
I am not sure. I had an older version on my last my Mac with 10.6.8.
I run PhotshopElements 11 and everything works just fine on Yosemite.
I bought elements 11 when it first came out and I've been using it ever since on my MacBook without any issues. Beware though it's a memory hog so close all other apps while editing to avoid hangs.
Yes, it will just be a regular data file exactly like if you download from Adobe. Also Amazon allows you to download the software again from your account.
As far as photo editing is concerned, there is no benefit to Premiere. Premiere adds the ability to edit video clips.
I dont see why not.
Yes. Elements 11 is compatible with Windows 8.
Yes, no problem.
I ran an older version of it on an XP. I think that was ver. 8 or 9. Adobe web site says it is compatible with xp w/service pack 3
Yes. http://help.adobe.com/en_US/premiereelements/using/WSeffff8bffc802084-1665492e133c9c19956-8000.html
Yes. You can install and activate on up to of your personal computers.
Sorry, but can't say for sure. We have Windows 7 and it wouldn't install on our computer.
You can download as many times as you need but you can only activate and use on up to two computers at a time.
Yes but not on XP.
Ended up returning this, so can't speak on it specifically.
No
presently you only get version 15.you can download version 16 at a greatly discounted price.
We sell time-unlimited license (no subscriptions) that you can buy at any time. Upgrade from 15 to 16 is now $39 and you can get it on zoner.com.
Unfortunately, Zoner Photo Studio 15 does not support face recognition. Zoner is very good at photo management - it allows you to organize pictures, add them tags, keywords, GPS, rating them and many many others. It fully support EXIF. It has also a very useful Batch Edit mode that is good when you need to do one (or more) changes at one fling.
Yes, Zoner Photo Studio 15 is fully compatible with Windows 8.
Not easy,but it does work
For Sony Vegas Pro 12, you need a Windows 7 64 bit operating system. Earlier versions of Vegas could run on 32 bit systems, but 32 bits are no longer supported in 12.
Sorry to say that I'm unfamiliar to webcams and what type of file format they save on. However, I did a bit of research on the HD Pro Webcam C920 and found that it likes to make the recorded file into an H.264 format. It's basically compresses the video so that it takes less space than that of a MPEG-2 format. I would assume that it is compatible with Vegas Pro 12 since it's new. I'm surprised that there isn't that much info on this particular thing. All I can find is how to render (save) edited videos in H.264 format. The best one I can find is this link to Yahoo Answers, but it talks about an older version of Vegas Pro: http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index?qid=20090909053518AAcMwS8 Hope this helps!
Yes. DVD Architect is a separate app that will work with anything, but integrates smoothly with Vegas.
This is the full product. I bought this and installed it fresh and it works great.
I use Vegas Pro 12 daily with BorisFX BCC plugins to cut long and short projects with almost no hiccups. I was a die-hard Premiere user for years. I'll never go back unless forced too. I've had great success with Vegas!
It makes better use of multiple processors & is 64 bit, so you don't have the 2Gb memory cap. Also, if you have a nVidia graphics card it can be set to also use the GPU when rendering. Vegas Pro 12 has more file formats it supports as well as support for HD & 3D video.
Yes, you can do it. But you have to read the Sony Vegas Pro 12 Manual or watch on YouTube Sony Vegas Pro 12 tutorials , to know haw to do that.
This comes with everything you need - Full Version
You can use sony vegas on more than 1 pc up on registration , the 12th version is the best at the moment, more faster but sony vegas pro has a lot of problems, all versions) crash a lot, you can't complete one editing with that appplication,just the basic and renderer your video.i have a very powerful computer,What a pitty i'm very dissapointed with sony vegas pro.Save your money and look forward for other software if you want something shipper and effective i recomend Magix pro i's much better.also,Power Director from Cyberlink its a good option too..I Preffer Magix to make video editing..
i'm pretty sure it does, but im not sure how to use it. im sure there are plenty of tutorials on the web showing how to use it.
It's the full product. Not an upgrade. But I would now recommend Sony Vegas Pro 13. The new version is much more stable for me and my rendering times have been cut in half. Many people may disagree, but I have found v.13 to be extremely good. Good luck.
No. Once you buy it, it is yours & your installation code & info are stored at Sony so if you need to re-install, you can.
Ram is fine what is your processing speed and video capability that is going to have an effect on rendering
Unfortunately not. ..Sony Vegas Pro 12 is some much more professional than HitFilm 2 Ultimate
Yes. as you go thru the ?s, it will ask if u want to import. but you need to know the file location on your machine in case there is a problem locating the file by the program.
yes, and you can save $ by printing your state form and mailing if you want.
When you buy the software download you have the ability to log into your amazon purchase library and download it again in the future if you need to reinstall it. Think of similar to the situation if you bought the hard disc where you could re-insert the disk after installation to install again.
As is the case with most software, the version changes annually so last years edition won't be viable for this year (SUCKS!) Every copy I've purchased, both disc and download, was licensed for one computer only. A hidden subroutine key identifies your computer with the a specific copy of the software so if you attempt to install it on multiple machines, when it goes for updates, you'll be flagged for running without a license. I have, however, processed up to four return files for different individuals, then printed the returns out.
When you input your data it will prepare all forms needed.
You are confused. I do not sell these. I bought the same thing you want. It is not very navigable so unless you are savy about getting around on turbo it might be better to get different product imo
Yes it does. That is the system I have used for several years.
I believe it will run on Windows 8 but you have to run it as administrator. After the program runs and loads you maybe asked if you are the administrator. If not right click on the program start icon, select security, and you can become the program administrator there. In all fairness be advised I have no experience with Windows 8 but do have some programs even on Windows Vista I run in Administer mode.
I cannot imagine why you couldn't. However, I would contact Amazon and ask them as this is more of payment and electronic delivery from the vendor.
If I understand the question properly, the answer is yes. Based on ones input for 2012 taxes, TurboTax will estimate quarterly payments to the US and state governments for the 2013 tax year, print the government forms and inform you on the dates each quarterly payment is due.
Pretty much. The online version is almost exactly the same. If you do not own a business or file 1099's then just use the online version that is free-a few bucks. Exactly the same layout and everything. Total waste of money in my case.
I think you can. Check turbo help to see how to do it.
Yes, you can mail in your state return. That's what we do.
Do you have the saved files on your desktop or laptop / Mac? If you do then there will be no problem importing them.
I'm sure you will be able to file your Limited Liability Corporation with this version. It is the most complete version offered by Intuit. But to be absolutely certain I would goto www.turbotax.intuit.com and look for the chat box and as one of the TurboTax experts just to be certain.
Sorry I have a HP. Not sure?
I used the Home and Business version and it was sufficient for ETPs (often lumped in with ETFs) that issue K-1s.
yes you can file multiple separate returns with this product. I file for my wife and myself, for my two kids and two separate businesses.
No! You need Turbo Tax Business.
It works if you file both as sole proprietorships and use schedule C.
The Deluxe version prepares the state and then gives you a choice.... you can pay extra to have it e-filed or you can choose to print it and mail yourself, which is what I do. No problem.
The TurboTax End User License Agreement (EULA) for the Basic, Deluxe, Premier, and Home & Business CD/Download versions allows you to install TurboTax on all computers you own. In addition, you're allowed to make one backup copy of the program for personal use. In accordance with IRS restrictions, TurboTax allows you to prepare and electronically file up to five federal and related state tax returns.
Intuit sent out an email to previous customers that stated that the Turbo Tax versions would no longer be backwards compatible with Mac OSx 10.5.8. So I believe all future versions including 2012 need to be run on Snow Leopard. I downloaded it to my new laptop that runs 10.7x. Good luck. Sorry if that wasn't the answer you were looking for. I am not part of any company and only represent 1 (one) customer's experience.
If you purchased Turbo Tax Deluxe + State all you have to do is complete your federal return and then it should ask you if you want to download the state form and you choose wich one and it should be free.
Not that I'm aware. I believe it is for a Mac computer rather than a tablet. Look in the App store for the iPad version.
Yes, you can print the federal return. That statement is very easy to misinterpret. It is trying to say that State preparation and STATE printing is not included. It was not referring to printing of federal forms .
You can probably save your return to a PDF file and then print it from Adobe Reader.
Yes. From the "about" pages: 1. For TurboTax Basic, TurboTax Deluxe Federal-only and TurboTax Premier Federal-only (i.e., the Deluxe or Premier versions that contain functionality only to prepare a federal return): a. You may prepare, print and e-file federal returns. 1. E-File Restrictions a. The IRS imposes a limit of five (5) federal e-files. b. TurboTax imposes a limit of three (3) State e-files per federal return.
Turbo Tax is really easy to ask questions of this year, just type in the help. It's 5 actually.
When I have a gift card, I apply it to my account first and it stores as a credit. Then when you check out, you can use your gift card balance to make the payment. Go to your account, the Payment section and under gift cards select Apply a Gift Card to Your Account. I don't think you can apply a gift care directly to the checkout but I could be wrong.
just the desktop.
I do mine and I do my parents also. I efile mine. My parents do not. I have not tried to efile two returns. You can do as many returns on one turbo tax purchase as you need to. It even save the files separately
Yes, max number of returns you can file is 5 for both Fed and State, only if it is CD or Download version but not on-line version of Turbo Tax Deluxe Fed +E File +State. I don't use e-file for State. I print out State return and mail it by myself, since I don't have to pay extra. I always file more than one returns with Turbo Tax Deluxe. If on-line version, it is only for one return.
I searched on my TurboTax Deluxe and clicked on Schedule F and it asks questions about farms. I believe it should prepare Schedule F.
Yes. I did exactly that this year. Hope that helps
I would purchase TurboTax; the website may not allow you to access all of the deductions which you may entitled to.
Yes, it's included.
5 Federal e-files are covered. No state e-files are covered. They cost 19.95 each.
This is from the Turbo tax/Intuit website: "After you've purchased a downloadable product from turbotax.com, you can re-download it as often as you like for up to 3 years after purchase." Also the following answer from Turbo tax: "The TurboTax End User License Agreement (EULA) for the Basic, Deluxe, Premier, and Home & Business CD/Download versions allows you to install TurboTax on all computers owned by you."
You have to buy it every year. Remember, tax software purchase money is deductible though.
Turbo Tax Home & Business would be a good fit for your situation. Tax time for me every year was always a time for much stress & loss of sleep. I started using Turbo Tax about 7 years ago that move has greatly simplified tax time.
It can be installed on any number of computers, 5 returns being filed is the limit
Definitely. I just added five for fun. Looks like you could keep adding them.
If you enter w-2 for more than one state, turbo tax will highlight the states and indicate which have already been downloaded. You can download the new state by clicking on the download now button. I have not been able to find a way to purchase other states except through the turbo tax download link.
It will, yes. Our whole electronic conglomeration of portable devices are Mac. Intuit does really well supporting Mac OS.
Only the Federal Return is free. If you're getting a sizable return from the state I recommend paying the cost of electronic filing. Otherwise simply file the Fed electronically and your state(s) manually.
TurboTax does support entering information from Form 1041 (basically any income reported on Schedules K-1 and Q). It's properly handled income reported to us on Form 1065 at both the Federal and State level. I have no experience with Form 1041, but I suspect it's the same level of support.
If you buy the pro system. Send an email to kenc@greenscreenwizard.com and I will give you a free plugin
you can go to the site greenscreenwizard.com to get backgrounds
It looks like the version I bought last Feb. It was version 7.1
Yes, it should work if it is an intel mac. If you have any problem after you buy just let us know and we will refund your money Ken
It works with my Mac Book Pro. I have not encountered any problems.
I have no idea what that means. The software does a great job of separating one detail like hair wisps with not a hint of green coming through.
You can use any photo on your computer as a background.
Post processing. You shoot your subject in front of the green screen then the green portion of the photo is replaced by your background photo during processing.
Yes it does
not with editor but you can add overlays with the program. Editor is wonderful for touching up.
Hello, I use Window XP Home ED and Webroot. I really like Webroot. It has worked perfect, caught harmful malware & virus', it does not slow my computer down. Hope that helps, Cheri
They use last pass
Wish I could help but this is my first run with it.I haven't had to re-up yet.I can tell you it's working fine for me.It's probably going to be more than the $26 I paid for it,to renew,but it might be worth it to spend the extra bucks since it's working so well.If it's not too much more than I paid for it that is.
Yes, it is fully compatible with Windows 8. http://www.webroot.com/us/en/home/products/complete
Yes this is a one year subscription. I have not seen any longer terms for this software. But the earlier you renew it you get another year plus the time you have remaining. There are other Brands that you can buy that offer longer subscriptions . But I have always had very good results with WebRoot. Hope this helps.
yes is compatible. I run it in win 8 and works perfect
I beleivevthat to be true. The word device is used insted of PC because nowadays with smart phones and tablets it covers all.
You should have received an email with your keycode and download instructions. You can send me an email at communitysupport@webroot.com and I will be able to take a look at your account and resend download instructions and give you your keycode. Mike R Webroot Community Support
Sorry, Eugene...I do not have an answer for you. BUT, there should be a Customer Service number from Webroot and they should be able to help at the Company Site. (I do not have the AntiVirus Download. I have the Internet Security Plus system.)
cd format
Try this link over at webroot forum https://community.webroot.com/t5/Webroot-SecureAnywhere-Antivirus/Safari-Web-Extension-Problems/td-p/31624#.Uisi0j-R4eM Seems to be an on going issue.
ISBN#6720810522 $0.001+ $3.99 Shipping ISBN# 6720810511 $1.80 +$3.99 Shipping based on amazon list price as of 2/26/15
Yes the longest time for Webroot is 2 years. And I think the shortest is 6 months. The most common one is the one year.
Yes, it is.
Three user
Yes; a good value, but it disables dictation in the Mac version. I needed that function.
Yes, in most cases Webroot is sold in yearly subscriptions. However, you can customize the amount of years you buy on our website. Mike R Webroot Community Support
Install it ASAP,there's too much junk out there on the internet.It is the BEST software on the market,two years running !!!
Yes and I think there is even a version for 5 computers as well. I had it on 3 of mine, got a new PC, uninstalled off &#65279;the old PC and installed it on &#65279;the new PC in under 5 minutes with no problems.
this is a 1year subscription, and yes you could also have her install it on her's it protect total of 5 devices so 5 laptops, or 2 laptops and 2 tablets and 1 desktop etc. the product checks the machine id of the system so it know how many you install it on. as long as you dont go over the 5 you are fine, hope this helps. and you can join webroot community forums if you require further assistance.
It's updates all the time no matter what version you have it does a update called in the cloud which means always atomatic updating
YES. Webroot is good stuff. For that extra ability to remove anything that could get through, strongly recommend Malwarebyte (free version or subscription). The latter is the malware that many IT professionals use as fail-safe to remove threats. Both Webroot and Malwarebytes are completely compatible. Considering the amount of nasties out there, it makes for extra comfort.
Very secure. I have been using this software for several years without any problems. Computer people at work us it also.
Hi, I'm not sure if it can. I would advise to contact Webroot directly. They have a live chat and are very responsive. Sorry that I couldn't be more helpful. Best regards, Georges
A simple Internet search reveals: http://www.webroot.com/En_US/consumer-products-secureanywhere-complete.html "Fully Compatible with Windows 8 - Tested by AV-Test and certified compatible"
When I Purchased Webroot, I called the customer service (1-888-502-1138), and they in turn sent me to tech support who downloaded and checked my computer for me! The customer service and tech support were very professional and there is not a long wait time! I hope this helps to solve any issues with your new Webroot!
No it doesn't mask your IP but the Identity Shield does protect your online transactions, banking and much more please see here: https://detail.webrootanywhere.com/agenthelp.asp?n=Managing_Identity_Protection
It performs great on Mac OS X and installs in seconds with a very light imprint. You can check out Webroot's Mac Security page with this url: http://www.webroot.com/En_US/consumer-products-secureanywhere-mac-security.html Mike R Webroot Community Support Team
It performs great on Mac OS X and installs in seconds with no performance impact. You can check out Webroot's Mac Security page with this url: http://www.webroot.com/En_US/consumer-products-secureanywhere-mac-security.html Mike R Webroot Community Support Team
No. I was just able to download and use it. It never asked my status. Hope that answers your question.
The grad pack includes the statistical analysis tools. You do not need to purchase additional products.
I believe so
Yes SPSS is an advanced microsoft excel. This product can be installed on your computer and the SPSS will only do what you the program to do as far as data computations. Marcus Glen Smith
The seller had to send me the access code that the computer will ask for. He sent it right away and it worked.
I checked, and it says on the outside of the box that it does! Good luck...I think it's much easier!
yes, includes 1 free state download for preparing the return, but e-file for state is extra cost at $19.95 per return. The state download is currently not available and scheduled for release on 1/15/2013.
Says 5 free federal efiles.
The software does not work and support does not know why or won't say.
Of course you can print and mail it for free.
It is about 4 MB in size and should run easily on XP or Windows 7.
Yes,I did taxes for 4 people and I was able to file them all for free with my key- code.
I think you are asking if there is a non-start version if Premium. H&R Block's web site seems to indicate there is one. Maybe Amazon does not sell that version. Is this what you are asking?
"Five FREE federal e-files" according to the picture of the box in the listing.
not sure, but I would think that HP Block is main frane with each office being a link, that works off a main program , fast way to find out HR help line. 1 800 472 5625
I went to H&R Block's website's FAQ and looks like a yes! See below: "Can I transfer my prior year tax return or financial information into H&R Block At Home? You can import basic information such as your name, address, and dependent information from your prior-year H&R Block At Home or TurboTax software tax returns."
Yes, the Basic version handles all deductions. It fully supports all aspects of Schedule A. It has "mini-worksheets" for several of the line items inside of Schedule A as well as a Charitable Worksheet that feeds into the deduction schedule.
Box says 5 Federal e-files.
IF YOU HAVE the H and R that comes with a state form for free - you have to buy the second one and you will be able to efile FED 5 times for free and one time free for one state. If you have the plain deluxe (yes sounds funny) - you will need to buy two states
Yes and yes (5 free I believe)
Expanding the "box" picture shows 5 free fed efiles.
the box says: " 1 personal (state 1040) state program download included: state e file available for 19.95." For Federal return e-filers, you get 5 Federal e-files. So, filing with the Feds is free for the first 5 filings; for each state return e-filing you pay 19.95. (many programs make their money on e-filing state returns--see IRS Free-File participants.)
Yes, it includes 1 personal state download, and unlimited business state downloads. Problem is only with business state reurns in that they can be downloaded but not efiled. Personal state can be efiled if you want (for extra charge.)
All paid purchases include 5 free federal efiles but the state efile costs around $20.
You are able to create payroll, W-2, and 1099 returns to report wages, withholding, etc. about your individual employees. Furthermore, "AFTER" you have created these returns, they support the printing of W-2 forms for employees and 1099s for non-employees.. I do not use this feature, but as best as I understand the software instructions, the feature for payroll, W-2,1099, information returns is included in the software. For your information, I have pasted below instructions from the Business software, Printing Forms W-2 and W-3 To print Forms W-2/W-3 and W-2C/W-3C 1. Open a W-2 return. 2. On the File menu, click Print. 3. Click the W2/W3 tab. 4. Under Select, specify your Print Order and Blank Paper or Preprinted Form preferences. 5. Under Print List, review the records that will be printed, and then check or uncheck records as needed. 6. In the Copies box, enter the number of copies you want to print. 7. Click Print 8. Repeat steps 3 through 7 for the W2C/W3C tab. 9. Click the Other Forms tab and select any additional forms you want to print. 10. In the Copies box, enter the number of copies you want to print. 11. Click Print. Form W-2 Blank Paper Printing Options * The Uni-Form Paper option prints copies B, C, and 2 and the instructions on one page for each employee. * Copy A, Copy D, and Copy 1 options print those copies in a 2-up format, with two employees per sheet. * The Copies B, C, and 2 option prints the data and the form on blank paper, in 3-up format. Only one employee is printed per sheet. * The Copies B, C, 2, and 2 option prints the data and the form on blank paper, in 4-up format. Only one employee is printed per sheet. Form W-2 Preprinted Form Options * The Copies A, B, C, D, 1, or 2 option prints the data in 2-up format. * The Copies B, C, and 2 option prints the data only on preprinted forms, in 3-up format. Only one employee is printed per sheet. * The Copies B, C, 2, and 2 option prints the data only on preprinted forms, in 4-up format. Only one employee is printed per sheet. Selecting a Sort Order W-2 forms are printed in ascending order, according to Last Name. If you want to order your records by SSN/EIN, select that option under Print Order. You can now sort the printing order of W2/W2Cs by state and locality to streamline the printing of multi-state clients. To sort by state and locality, select the Copy 1 (2 per page) check box under Select, and then select a sorting order from the drop-down menu.
no, it will not walk you through a 1041, but the forms are there, and you have to fill in the numbers, then it will add them up and calculate the tax.
This program crashed after 2 minute due to a defect in the software. HR Blocks CS said they are working on the problem but they have no idea when or even if it will ever be fixed.
I think it depends on who issues your 1099 for int div b & r. I know Morgan Stanley has said it could import information directly to H & R Block at Home.
Yes, it can. Block software imports most all popular financial records.
H & R Block web site http://www.hrblock.com/tax-software/premium.html does not mention supporting Windows 8 on downloads. Look under computer requirements. Probably, they would try to support 8 asap. Call H & R/email them using googled website or just try the download. Comment/Question on this year's download software version "last year they promised it ran on Window 7 but it didn't......" Worth a double check on 8. The retail package (omitting Windows 8 on its list) may not be able to run 8 so I would try the download version if you just gotta run Windows 8.
NO. The commercial sales box does not mention Windows 8 as being supported by this tax program. Windows 7, Vista and XP are the listed minimum system requirement. It may be possible that Windows 8 may allow you to run in Windows 7 mode but I wouldn't count on it. Consider having your computer guru put Windows 7, or better yet, XP, on your work machine.
Yes, I just filed Fed/NYS last night- no xtra charge for state
The Dlx Adds a few features. Mostly for Home Owners and Investors. Plus it adds One "Live Session with a H&R Block Tax Proffesional". I used to buy the Dlx version for the included State Program. But I didnt need the extras. Basic with State is fine for my situation. H&R Block has a website with more info.
Yes, for up to 5 returns.
"At Home" is the new name for H & R Block's "Tax Cut" Software.
This response is for the actual software shipped to you and NOT the download which *might* work differently. ~~ In previous years, I have used the software to file my own taxes and then passed it to a friend who also used it for her own taxes, including using the efile. (I never registered the product with H&R Block and she even has a different address than me.) I have not finished my taxes for this year yet, but if the previous years are any indication, then it *should* work again the same way. I find no indication that they have limited the e-files so that only ONE user can use them, i.e., nothing on the box or in the material says that.
Yes, it does.
Has 5 free Federal, no free State files. Can print and mail as many as you like. Russ O.
Yes, you can. See http://www.officedepot.com/a/products/100753/H-R-Block-At-Home-2012/ (only one of several ads and reviews that specifically state this).
$19.95 for each state e-file. No filing fee if you print it out and mail it.
Yes, provided you have the minimum system requirements as listed on the side of the box. Just insert the disk and it should self install from there.
Yes, Roth conversions are definitely supported at the form level. I started using Block 2012 as soon as the first download was available. A big reason was to estimate how much to convert this year. I don't recall that Roth conversion was in the original interview, but I'll check. Also, I bet that the forms are available in Turbo Tax too. Update, conversion is there in the interview too.
Schedule C, without a doudt. Unemploryment, any income. Annuities, I'm not 100% sure here, but would say 90% sure it will. It does 1099-d, any long or short stocks, so I see no reason annuities would be left out. FYI. All my Scottrade stuff downloaded into 2011.
According to the box, yes it will.
First, I received an e-mail from H&Block that said the IRS received my return. A little while later I received this one saying... "Congratulations! The IRS has accepted your federal return."
No. That's your computer's office program.
No it does not. It only has Word.
I have it on my laptop with windows 8.1 and it works fine.
Microsoft has created these individual component products as gateways to facilitate purchase of additional Office components as part of the consolidated Office offerings. I do not like the way Microsoft is conducting business of late, especially trying to get new customers onto the subscription model. For this reason I only will purchase Office 2010 products.
Yes
It means not for use in a business, company, corporate setting, etc. If you're writing a book on your home computer, you can use this program.
The initial payment is the whole payment (BUT, if your computer crashes in a way that damages your Word 2013 Key files, you'll have to buy a new Key Card to reinstall). I can't answer the e-book Q.
You need to purchae office Home & Student version.
CERTAINLY
Yes. Go to print options; envelopes or labels, and you are on your way.
A plastic card, similar to a credit card, containing data on a magnetized strip that can electronically unlock a door or activate a machine.
Once it's purchased then this specific version is available for life on your Amazon account, even if you need to redown load it. If you want a newer version in the future then that would have to be purchased of course.
No difference that I can see. Just have to hang onto the key card to reload.
Under 'file', select 'send to' and 'mail recipient' is a choice. Easy enough.
Yes you should be able to.
Not sure if it will run on XP. If you use MS Outlook or Outlook Express to manage your email, OFFICE 2013 does not handle "Pop" email accounts. I installed "Thunderbird" as an email client on Windows 8. I also found the Word 2013 moved a lot of features around but did not find any useful (to me) improvements in Word 2013 over 2010 and if you are replacing Word 2003, all your drop-down menus are gone.
I don't know but I don't think so
As far as I know yes... It converts all of my documents from Microsoft word 2010. That's the oldest version I have, use, and know of for sure.
Yes.
NO. Win7 does not uttilize the necessary bytes. To install. Upgrading to 8 is the only was to ensure correct I stallation.
I don't know, but, I'm going to try and exchange 2013 for 2010 outlook. This program is slow to load about 2 minutes, and the format is totally differant from earlier versions.
You use the "key" numbers and letters to activate the software. When asked, you fill in the blank with this info. I have had a problem completing the install process in order to upgrade my 2000 version to the 2013. I am using windows 7 on one computer, but have been unsing Windows XP which worked fine with Outlook 2000.
I do not believe Outlook 2007 to be compatible with the MS Office Student 2013. You likely must purchase the Outlook 2013. I would suggest going to the Microsoft website to confirm compatibility though.
Yes. Outlook 2013 is fully compatible with office 2007
They send you a card with a code on it then you will use that code to download outlook from Microsoft's website. It is very convenient not having to deal with a CD. Or also allows you to transfer it to a different device by simply going to Microsoft's website again. This is if you get another computer or something.
Single user.
You would need to double check with Microsoft but I don't think Outlook works on Macs. Or you need to make sure you get the Mac version ----you should really make sure though throw MS.
Hi Holly yes it's compatible I'm running both program's together and I don't have any problems
Outlook Express was discontinued when Vista came out. But here is a link to a Microsoft web page which deals with some topics concerning Outlook Express and Outlook 2013. Hope this helps. : http://support.microsoft.com/kb/2796528
He means a backup of old messages. Some of the posts here make me think that it does not necessarily import messages from an old program. I'd try googling "import into outlook 2013" to see problems and possible solutions.
It's compatible with Windows 7 or Windows 8, 32 or 64 bit
not sure about word/excel access from the "access menu you create", haven't done that. I believe there is a yearly charge if you use "cloud" storage but otherwise you are buying the program/key, no annual charge, sorry I can't answer all your ???. hope this helps.
did you buy on line or have it shipped to you? in box if shipped, on line probably in email
I don't think so. Even though both products are MS, the Works program doesn't use the same format as Access. There is no problem going from XP to Win 8 with the Db only with format is the issue; i.e. Works vs Office
i don't know if its compatible; we dont' use MS Vista OS. server is on Windows 7; and all PCs on Windows 7.
See the question previously answered "Will this work with Windows 7". There it states that it will work with Windows 8.
This can be installed independently from the Microsoft Office suite.
We have this item available as " Microsoft Access 2013 Key Card (No Disc)" which is a key card, no disc. Please let us know if we can be of any further assistance.
it ought to be possible... but knowing Microsoft as I do, I'd try real hard to find a 2010 version of access. Microsoft is competent only at extracting money from its victims - not at programming anything. after win 8.1 I'd rather have ebola than a new version of any Microsoft product.
Yes - you can save to your documents or anywhere on your computer.
Yes
I don't know. I installed it on a Windows system.
It is a small card with Microsofts number to authorize the installation of MS Publisher. I had trouble using the "key card" and sent it back. I repurchased the complete package from Microsoft for $109.00.
I just purchased this new version but I have publisher 98 and I still installs over and over again and runs fine on windows 8. Office I upgrade software every 4-5 years and , I upgrade computers around every 2 years and all my Microsoft software reinstalls.
One PC
What are ai files? I have a logo that is in "ai" and I don't know what to do with it.
i had to put it on my lap top windows 7 and above .. it wouldn't load on my PC with vista
No this is a PC version and I do not see a 2013 Publisher for MAC
I do not know. I was not aware of the price option when I purchased Publisher key.
It's full featured. I have powerpivot, powerview and powerquery.
The key card is an online code that you put in on www.microsoft.com to download the product.
Your best bet is to contact Microsoft and ask them to find your product key, with the receipt you should have enough info so MS could find your product key.
yes works with windows 8.1
Yes
No. It does not help anything. Useless.
I am not sure, that info should be provided by Amazon or you could go to the Microsoft website and they should be able to help you. Just be aware that you cannot use this product by itself without Microsoft office. I thought I could buy it and use it alone, but I had to purchase something from Microsoft to use it and had the option to pay one lump sum or a monthly charge. I did not want to do that,so I returned it and went to paper accounting and I am very happy with that. Only on occasion do I miss Excel spreadsheet.
Yes it can. This version of Excel does not require an internet connection to run.
No
Frankly, it was so simple that I didn't even bother to remember how I did it. It was something like putting in code and download.
You receive a card in the mail (it looks almost like a credit card) and you start to download Office 2013... It will ask you for the key number, and you then type in the number (it is about 20 digits long) from the card. That proves you have bought it and the download begins.
yes. I don't see why not. It is easy to use and has all the Microsoft software that a college or HS student would need plus.
Yes .. definitely. The newer version of Office is more geared towards tablet use, Pen/handwriting recognition and some hand gestures
Return the product to Amazon immediately (assuming that you bought it from Amazon). This happened to me. We had purchased the product through Amazon Prime. Amazon was fulfilling the sale for another company. Amazon refunded our money and permitted the return even though we had opened the package and attempted to install it. Make sure that you tell them that the product is apparently not valid for sale in the US. If you look on the box or on any outer labels, the version you have is likely valid for sale only in Asia or Australia or some other region rather than the US.
Both users will be able to use it. What they really mean is 1 household. Microsoft has a another license where it'll say 1 user 2 pc.
it's normal. Spanish is just the language of the program interface.... but the functionally is the same
Yea it does
No, you need a MAC specific version of office. This version will only work on a PC with the minimal SW and HW requirements listed on Microsoft Office 2013 web site.
I don not believe there is. Maybe shipping id its extra.
Yes I believe it will
I run mine in Windows 7 in Parallel to use it on my Mac.
Yes if you install Parallels or VM Ware Fusion. You have to then install Windows in either of those apps. Then you can install OneNote and run it on a Mac.
Not sure how to answer that, exactly. Word and Excel work fine with my new Dell desktop windows 7. Except for Outlook, which is horrible piece of garbage I removed and installed from a copy of Office 2007.
In the past there were differences between the DVD version and the keycard/download as far as licensing went - the latter you weren't legally able to transfer to another PC. Amazon is showing the following disclaimer for both of these products: "Update: Microsoft updated the Office 2013 license. You may now transfer the software to another computer that belongs to you, but not more than one time every 90 days (except due to hardware failure, in which case you may transfer sooner). If you transfer the software to another computer, that other computer becomes the "licensed computer." So the obvious difference seems to be that the key-card is being sold cheaper than what Amazon can provide the 'download' version for. (It's being sold by a 3rd party) Both of these options will require you to download the software from Microsoft, however.
Not sure if you are still looking for the answer, but for anybody else who is still wondering, Microsoft has updated the licensing (due to numerous complaints) and Amazon has kindly inserted it at the top of the product description: Update: Microsoft updated the Office 2013 license. You may now transfer the software to another computer that belongs to you, but not more than one time every 90 days (except due to hardware failure, in which case you may transfer sooner). If you transfer the software to another computer, that other computer becomes the "licensed computer."
No but There is a version which works with the Mac.
Yes it's working fine for me
Hello Jovan, yes the key card version license you may transfer to a different computer but you have to wait 90 days between. As far as "download version", if we send a product via email, we have the physical product (key card) and simply expedite the process of it getting to you by taking the full retail package, getting the key code, and link off of it for you to send via email. Sending via email it is still the full retail keycard, however I can not speak for other companies sending downloads, because I do not know how they process those.
Neither. Return the product and then download a free Home/Office suite. Most like Micros soft office. WPS office suite. (was Kingsoft Office.) Free. I have the MS paid Version and I do not use it anymore. More often than not, when I do try to use it, it does not work!
Yes, you can add many languages including Korean from within the software options
64 bit
Download works quite well
If you're looking at this product page, they're the same thing. With the key card you have to wait to get a card printed with a physical number mailed to you. The number is in your amazon account when you do the download (I assume). So if you can wait a week, get the key card. You have to download from Microsoft and create a Microsoft account either way. Either way this is a subscription product that expires after a year and all of the software stops working if you let it expire.
Yes it is included with the purchase of "office 365 home premium"....the confusion occurs because because the "office 365" (1 year subscription) includes access....whereas the stand alone license (non-subsciption version) of office home premium does not include access Update (8/1/2013): I believe Microsoft is using this as a cleaver way of encouraging people to start buying the subscription based service. The stand alone license only includes Word, PowerPoint, Excel, and OneNote...But Home premium 365 (subscription) includes those basics and also adds in Publisher, Outlook, Access, 20gb of Skydrive, and some free skype minutes...here is a link to see the comparison: http://www.microsoftstore.com/store/msusa/en_US/cat/categoryID.62684700
Actually to clear it up for everyone. It will work for 3 months with no internet connection. After the 3rd month with no Software Update ran across the internet it will back you down to the view only version that has no access to create and edit new documents. Been using Office 365 for a few years
Yes. I renewed my subscription with this.
Yes, it will work with Windows 7.
Yes, that's what I installed it on
I have no idea why you can not get a version of Office 365 Home for your business especially if it's in your home. But be thankful for small favors. I used Office 2007 for years and after my year subscription it out, I'll go back to Office 2007 much cleaner and easier software to work with, Office 365 is a pain in the rear. you can go on "ebay" and get a copy of Office 2007 Pro or Office 2010 Pro and you'll be a much HAPPIER person. With a lot of fewer headaches!
Yes! Yes! I did exactly this. Apply the product code to your account. The expiration date of subscription extends by one year.
No rub. Having said that, you may be on a different version at work, e.g., Office 2007, 2010, or 2013. However, its compatible, had no problem opening any of the old documents. The catch, you only get 1 terabyte, yes, 1 terabyte of OneDrive cloud storage. So, after you install, just move your documents into OneDrive and you have cloud backup as long as you keep renewing. You can put anything in OneDrive, not just Office files. The software itself resides on your hard drive and updates are automatic.
Yes, you can go to https://office.microsoft.com/en-us/MyAccount.aspx to invite other users (via email) to share some of your licenses. I don't think you have to log with your own credentials on their machine if you send them an invite that way.
PC Key card version means that they will physically send you a box with a printed key and web site address. You use the key to download the software from that website. This process takes about a week. This means that somebody holds your money for about a week before you get your product. PC download means that you may start downloading right after purchasing the software.
The key card is used when the software is preloaded on a new PC. In this case, the software cannot be transferred to another computer and it is good forever on that computer. If you download the software onto your PC, that software cannot be transferred to another computer and is good forever. The only difference is with the key card you don't have to download anything. But in either case the software is good forever on that original computer.
I doubt it. It is registered on one computer. If you were able to use it on another computer, why not 3 other computers. I do know that if you lose Office on your computer you can load it over and over on the same computer. I have done it 3 times due to virus protection wiping out the software.
No, it does not. It overwrites the old version. Also the product key does not work if you change your country in installation i.e. you can't buy the product in US and install it in a computer in UK.
Yes, works well with windows 8.1
yes we downloaded to windows 7 laptop
No, thankfully this is not a one year license. It's just that you have to set up a MS email account to download this product. If you have used MS 2010 you will probably be disappointed in the quality of this product.
A key card is simply a small card in the box that contains the key (a series of letters and numbers much like a password but longer) that allows you to access the download function of the website. So if you have the key card you can download the software from the internet!
No
Do you mean the price? It's a single user purchase price that you pay once.
I don't know. It was a bust for me.
Yes, it will
Should work on any XP machine. I have a Dell with XP MC Edition.
Hey Michelle: I got one of those blue screens with all kinds of error messages on it. I could not go any further no matter how many times turned off and on the computer. The windows recovery disk did help, however it erases the drivers or software for your dvd drive and your sound and printer and all your other software like word, etc. The cd will work while the dvd portion doesn't. You will also need to buy a windows xp drivers disk which you can buy on ebay for about $10 in or to get your sound and dvd to work. Assuming you get your computer to work and it should, then you need to reinstall all your other programs including printer software. Best of luck, Elliott
It really should Reboot if you have the proper administrator password but some older machines won't let you download a better IExplorer. You have to check to see what version is on your machine. If it says you have the latest version of internet explorer it will not upgrade.
Unfortunately I don't believe it will. Mine was doing the same thing as some startup files were erased and it would not allow me to go past startup. This disk was completely useless in helping me at all. I spent 50.00 on repair disks only to have to buy a Windows refurbished computer drive for a few more dollars. Hope this helps you.
This particular disk did not work for me. However, the customer service and technician support was outstanding. I highly recommend trying the product based on how they treat you post purchase.
yes but first pull power cord and battery and hold down on power button for 10 seconds put battery back insert disk before you power up.
I threw mine in the trash so I don't know. It didn't do anything for my computer.
I had no luck with this. It might work if you have more computer knowledge than I have.
1) Yes it is for 4 years but you have to renew each year online 2) The office is installed on your drive. The pack doesn't include a CD so you have to download it online using the provided serial number. After you do so, office is downloaded on your drive and you don't need to have internet access to use it.
Easy, when you first register your Office 365, you have an Administrator screen. When you replace the computer, you go to your personal Office 365 Admin Screen, and you deactivate your old computer new and you have a new Office 365 license to install on the new computer.
From what I can tell, you can install on PC and Mac. I have installed on a PC and when I go to my account to download my second install, the option to install for Mac is still accessible. I hope this helps. I also haven't come across anything that says you can not install like you are requesting.
Hey. In my case, it was a bit cheaper to buy the key card. Whatever you decide, you're gonna be good.
Probably. Any accredited school should work fine. I think they just need your email for the school.
This item is a four year key. With that said, when the key expires you have to pay again. In other terms, it's subscription based.
You can use this on mac but it's the online client only
Yes, it uses a key card. I couldn't get this product to load either though. The key card's number wasn't complete. I tried getting the product to work with Microsoft once, but they couldn't get it to work either and I wasn't interested enough in the software to keep battling with it. Google Docs is free and works fine for everything I need.
Can be used by 2 different people--It is kind of on the honor system--but as far as I can tell you have to use one person's Microsoft login for both. So, second person's copy of Office would have first person's name attached to it.
I am presently using the program with windows 7 without any problems. The box says that it will also work with windows 8.
I loved the version before this Deluxe 5. I had it figured out and used it ALL the time. The updated version is TOTALLY different and difficult to use. It was a HUGE disappointment. I would NOT recommend buying it.
I have not idea. Sorry I couldn't help you. Pose the question to the rest of the reviewers.
This software is not worth anyone time or money... from install it always crash!
I did not like this software at all and basically gave up on it. I am sorry if you purchased it. I had the 2.0 version and loved it, so I upgraded. What a huge disappointment. I wish I would have kept my 2.0.
Make sure you do not include dash separators. Also you may have caps included in the number. I purchased this program from another vendor and thought it was terrible. I could not burn any type of dvd with this. I wanted to make slideshows as advertized on the box but you have to download bonus software to do this. It still did not work. I bought Wondershare DVD Creator after trying the unpaid version. It works very well and is very user friendly. Good luck!! I made the slideshows with Movie Maker then burned dvds with Wondershare.
This program to is manipulate photos only as far as I understand. If you are contemplating buying it I would say don't do it. I have purchased it and have been very disappointed. I loved the Version 2 of it and wish they would bring it back. Hope this helps.
All I can suggest is to contact the company and bitch big time. Seems to be the only alternative .
Sorry. I can't help you with this one. I don't honestly know. I no longer have Photo Explosion 5.
I do not know. Sorry. It's probably best not to use this program. But you could email the Nova Company and ask them, but you might have to pay $$ to have them answer you.
It gives you the ability to track it, look through the camera and even turn on an automobile sounding alarm. Cool stufff!
The coverage is for 1 year. Just forget about the renewable contract. When it is time to renew your phone will send a warning. Go to Amazon to purchase again at a discount rate. At first to install scan with Norton Snap. To re-install is some what confusing. Go to settings Apps Norton Clear Data Open Sign-in then Activated.
Yes. It's keeps your phone protected at all times. WiFi can be hacked.
I know that there is phone service available any time if you get infected by a virus or spyware. Although, any other technical support is suppose to be handled through their online support.
this is a great product and it would benefit you to downloadbetter to purchase though because you get more
I installed it on my phone, so I have no experience with a tablet. However, I have never had a problem downloading anything from Amazon, so I would probably go that route.
as long as it is Norton Mobile Security Lite: Kindle Fire Edition, see Norton or kindle site for specifications.
I believe Norton runs in the background. You are NOT forced to do anything. Easy to UN-install just like may other programs.
No!
you should be ok if you just use regular internet searches etc. you will get request to update though though and if you sign the Eula agreement it will occasionally pop up wanting you to update and if you do that you will constantly get requests to buy
I have this program on both my desktop and laptop computers and it works fine.
Yes, that's what I'm using...
Did for me. When installed, it searched for old Quicken files and put them in 2013 format. Quicken usually cuts off support and internet updates on the older versions to "encourage" you to upgrade.
I bought Quicken 2013, but I did not use it because it would not load data from my 2001 Quicken. I bought the 2002 version instead and found it very satisfactory.
I doubt it!
I am sorry that I don't know. I have Q for investments, but didn't have it previously as I was using a very old version. Good luck!
Yes. However you won't get any updates and you won't be able to download cleared transactions from the banks and you won't be able to enter payments in Quicken and then sync with your bank. However there are loads of features that don't need the internet like budgeting, check register etc. Even if I wasn't on-line I would still find it indispensable.
Yes it does. I had no problems running it.
Windows server 2012 essentials does not use CALs. It has a 25 user limit, meaning you can have 25 user accounts in active directory. Keep in mind this version of server hits the ground running as primary domain controller and must be the primary dc for the domain. Also does NOT support hyper-v like server standard does.
DVD Version, is genuine. I have DVD version.
As long as all you are going to do is let them look at files up to 25 users It will not run any programs except for the admin users. You will need a static IP address or take what could be complicated steps to set up dynamic connection to work. So if all you are going to do is share files try google drive, it is free, no need to worry about backing up, hardware, and it is always up and running. It even supports use of spreadsheet, wordprocessor, etc. I would need to know what you are trying to accomplish. If you ant to serve programs liek Quickbooks, etc you will need to go the Windows Standard and buy two different sets of licenses unless all the people will be at the same location then you only need user CALs. This route will consume a lot of time to set up your own business server, you better love IT.
It is my understanding that there will be a fee for the "update" known as R2 when Microsoft finally releases it (how much is widely debated). There is no SOLID yes or no answer from MS Corp. but if you look at trends in the past with MS Server/Enterprise/SQL/VB type software, you can bet your sweet patootie that MS is going to want a few bucks for the new features in the R2 release.
This product code is listed on Newegg as an OEM product.
As far as I am aware, this product is an OEM version of the software. Meaning it comes with a license sticker to be placed on the machine in question and the individual who purchases/installs the software is responsible for supporting the server it is installed on.
Dunno, never tried. Might try a Google search on the subject.
I hope this helps, Microsoft announced on their website the following "Today we announce the end of another era, the discontinuation of Microsoft Streets & Trips. We so appreciate the support of our dedicated users over the years. "The success of these products would never have happened were it not for the loyal and supportive fans who purchased the product and its various iterations over the years," shares Larry Petersen, test lead for Microsoft Streets & Trips. "Speaking at RV rallies over the years, I've loved hearing about our avid customers' experiences using the software to plan and enjoy road trips across North America." This retirement will not affect software already installed. Current users may continue to use Streets & Trips to plan their travel adventures and will have online support until July 14, 2015. Streets & Trips 2013 will be available for purchase until December 31, 2014. " at this rate I do not know that Microsoft informed the distribution channels (Amazon). You can install on 2 computers but without updates, maps become useless. I will be changing; to what I change to is unknown. Good luck - Baker
Yes.
I answered this earlier as a negatory. Now I wonder if you couldn't EXPORT as a GPX from your Older version (if it supports it) and then IMPORT as a GPX to 2013? I already know that as an .est file, 2013 won't import a 2010 file. Have already removed the 2010 trial version and have to see if I can reinstall it to use up what's left of the 60 day trial. If it works, will amend my review of the product accordingly. UPDATE 5/17: Reinstalled the trial version with 21 days left. You CAN import (via GPX) a ROUTE ONLY from an earlier version that supports exporting to a GPX file. All that is transferred are the origination point, stops that are shown and the destination that are part of the original .est Route Planner screen. You have to recalculate the route. The names you gave those points in Route Planner transfer, too. However, ALL OTHER PUSHPINS and associated information that you may have entered for scenic points, landmarks, that are not included in the original Route DO NOT transfer. So, I guess one could conclude that an import to 2013 from an earlier version is only a qualified success. I have many routes annotated with GPS coordinates for interesting locations, springs found while hiking, etc. While the ROUTE transferred, the rest of the information did not.
You can restart the download or download at a later date. They send an email with a link to the download. And it's in your Amazon account. The email and account also contains the activation code. What I did is downloaded an evaluation version from Microsoft and installed it. This gave me a look see, to see if I would like it. I then ordered Streets from Amazon and just activated it with the Amazon code.
I have it on w 8.1
Mine does cover Mexico.
yes, if you have your receipt with the ID on it, you can go the the website and download it again. Actually if you have your user name and password, you won't even need your receipt. Your order will be in there under your order history. Love the program
Not updated. Must buy newer version
Create a custom symbol You can create your own custom symbols for Streets & Trips by using the appropriate image editor. Supported file formats for custom symbols Streets & Trips supports the following file formats for custom symbols: Uncompressed Windows bitmap (.bmp) file format with a maximum size limit of 128 128 pixels and color depth of 16 or 24 bits Windows icon (.ico) resource file format with a maximum size limit of 128 128 pixels and a color depth of 16 or 24 bits Windows cursor (.cur) file format with a maximum size limit of 128 128 pixels and a color depth of 16 or 24 bits About the custom symbols color palette Because Streets & Trips maps use different color palettes at different times to render things on the map, use the colors in the following palette to make sure that your custom symbols have an exact color match of your design after they are imported. The colors in this palette are always available. If you use colors other than those in this color palette, Streets & Trips will determine the closest colors available from its current color palette and use them instead. Note A sample bitmap file that uses the colors in the custom symbols palette was installed to C:\Program Files\Microsoft Streets & Trips 2013\Samples\ when you installed Streets & Trips. This is the default installation location of the sample files. If you installed Streets & Trips in a different location, use Search or Find in Windows Explorer to locate the Samples folder.
Yes; just like you probably, I checked where I could but no reference to Win 8, so I just gambled. Works fine.
The short answer: Yes. The longer explanation: Audials records streaming video such as Netflix, YouTube, etc easily. However it only records video from your TV when used with other apps. Your PC must have a either an attached TV card or video capture device which allows you to view live stream video on your PC, then yes, you can record the streaming video. I, myself, use an AverTV USB HD DVR Capture Device (Model C874) and its associated software: AverMedia Total Media Extreme to view live streaming video. I don't like to record the video in their TS format because the file size is very large, so I use Audials to record the streaming video on the PC.
I use Audials MovieBox 10 to record from DVDs and streaming video and then store on my hard drive to watch on my PLEX server. I can say that the videos I have recorded, from what ever source (streaming video or DVDs), had no noticeable video degradation.
Typically, I use Adobe tools to take the video file to produce a DVD and this works well.
notionmusic.com says yes. it even has an app for your ipad. i do not use apple but it loaded on my windows 7 machine perfectly. i would doubt that you would have any problems with windows 8. contact notion support if you are not sure. they do answer their emails.
Well, if you are referring to the Mac version, no. but, you can save it as a PDF if you print it.
I received an Install Disc and a Quick Reference Guide with my purchase. If you need more information, there is documentation and tutorials online.
If you are talking about the sound loops, yes, all the basic instruments are there. There are some more exotic sounds that you have to buy separately.
Yes you can
Well, I had never used that utility before, but I tried it and it seems like it works. I put in an Eb7,Ebm7, then eb7 just to test it. Then I transposed chromatically up a perfect 4th and it changed the chord symbols to Ab7, Abm7, and Ab7. Just a bit more: Playback quality on Notion is much more pleasing than Finale and notation is quicker and more convenient with keyboard shortcuts and easy access to written notes. (click and drag them instead of having to search of the pitch change tool). The only ups I've found with Finale vs Notion is thta Finale gives you more options with notation appearances. You can place things exacty where YOU want like crescendos, text, pedal markings, dynamics. notion also lets you do this, but it has this kind of auto correct placement thing where it snaps the dynamic cyou pick under the beat you placed it on. this is still pretty accurate and you can still move thingsaround but a little less. I personally prefer Notion - it's altogether more convenient and satisfying in my opinion. :)
Hello Paul. I was requested to provide you with an answer; however, actually I haven't yet used the software. Also, I do not input music using keyboards, but rather directly through the sequencer "step mode". Apologies for not being able to help, but I had to at least respond to the request. Good luck anyway.
Yes, awesome product and easy to use
Hi Rex, Thanks for your question and interest in our Italian program. It sounds like you're asking about the serial number, which is required in order to activate and use the software. We do include this code with your purchase, normally it will come via email shortly after you complete your order. If you don't receive it for whatever reason, just email us at usersupport@fluenz.com and we'll get it sorted out for you, no problem. Hope you enjoy the Fluenz Italian program! Cheers, Jonathan, Fluenz User Support
I believe it is only three computers.
I believe DVD's are included for all five levels. 1-3 are definitely included. I have not looked in the box to verify the inclusion of 4 and 5.
Contact Fluenz and ask them. I think I got the number from Fluenz once the purchase was made and was up and running online even before the CDs arrived. In fact, I never installed the CDs on my computer; I prefer doing it online. I don't remember when I got the number but it did come directly from Fluenz: www.fluenz.com
You can download the program online. I also have the Cd's but I rarely use the Cd's
I don't for sure. We activated on computer first a couple of years ago when it was still a little clunky on IPad. But, call them, they have always been extremely responsive.
Hi Sarah, Sorry for the trouble. I'm not quite sure why it's showing that Amazon won't deliver to Canada. However, we ship to Canada all the time through Fluenz.com If you'd like to place your order through our website, we'll refund you the standard $28 international shipping fee to bring your total shipping paid to zero. Just email us (usersupport@fluenz.com) when your order has gone through and we'll be happy to set that up for you. Have a great weekend! Cheers, Jonathan, User Support
Federal return + five free e-files & all of the forms and instructions I need for a small business, home office and carried-over expenses. I now live in NH that has no state income tax, but can purchase any states needed during the program. Excellent program that has always worked flawlessly in the past.
Yes. I think the main difference between this and the deluxe is the format of the software. It also do not do state taxes (I am in WA state where there are no state taxes).
1st be aware that the current taxes being prepared are for the year 2013 and you will need a H&R block home basic 2013 program to file 2013 taxes. If you did not file 2012 taxes and you have the H&R block 2012 program, you should be able to use that program and file right now. Suggest you call H&R Block at 1-800-472-5625 for help on this matter. You will not be able to file 2013 taxes with a 2012 program
Yes I installed the program on both my work and home pc.
You download an .exe file that when run will connect to a server to download the actual software (2 files). The 2 files are an .html file that contains your license info. The other file is a self-extracting .exe installation file. Let me know if this answers your question or not. I can supply more details if need be.
1 state comes free with this version. However, if you want to e-file your state, you have to pay extra for that (the federal e-file is free).
it's good for tax year 2012. So, if you're filling your taxes for 2012, then H&R Block At Home 2012 Deluxe + State would be the one to use.
Federal return info will automatically be transferred to H&R Block's state return form if you buy one of the "State" versions, but will charge you extra to file state returns. If you want to file state taxes without paying extra, your options are 1. Print and mail a paper copy of your state return, 2. Go to your state's tax agency web site and see if you qualify for free filing. This usually means falling below a maximum income limit, 3. See if you can manually fill in online forms at your tax agency's web site. In Virginia, for example, I was able to use H&R Block software to calculate and fill in both federal and state return forms. I was then able to copy and paste information from my H&R block form into the state's online forms for free.
I have 2 PCs as well, and usually use it on 1. But I did try to install the CD version on both once before I started buying the downloadable version. Plus the downloadable version, does allow reinstalls, so I would say yes.
Not sure I understand the question. If the question is "Will this product allow you to include amounts from form 1099 (int, div, etc) the answer is most certainly. If the question is will it prepare the paperwork and form 1099 for amounts that you paid someone else, the answer is NO.
If you look at the image of the product, on the front cover, it says "Five Free Federal E-Files".
Yes. You can print all the forms to sign and mail.
Includes 5 federal efiles. State efile for Michigan is additional.
1) Log into Amazon 2) Select Your Account at the top right of the page 3) Select Games and Software downloads which is towards the bottom of the long page you see when you log in 4) Then under H&R software entry you will see the key-code that you need to enter to unlock the software
The Premium version includes Schedule D where stock gains and losses are reported. You should be able to copy the stock information directly from the 1099-B (brokers consolidated statement)
I just downloaded it. It does include the 5 free federal efiles. When downloading, make sure you get the Key Code. That will allow the free efiles.
Yes, it is easy to import your Turbotax files from last year into this software. Depending on the complexity of last year's taxes you may need to answer a few question to an import wizard program.
It does indeed.
Yes it can
I don't understand the question therefore I cannot help.
I had no problems using it with Win 8
This version has 2 K-1 worksheets one for Partnerships/S Corps and one for Estate/trust. It also allows for you to report income from a 1099 or 1042-S in addition to your K-1
Same here, but after i registered it, it worked fine.
5 federal e-files. State e-files are $19.95. I always use my state
I'm having the same problem and I'm still waiting for Amazon to give me an answer. After some research I found out to use the Amazon software downloader you have to have Windows on your computer, which Mac users don't have. So that is probably the problem. I've asked Amazon for a refund since Windows was not one of the requirements listed when I purchased the software. I'm still waiting to hear back from Amazon.
No. You get the program but then you pay to file it.
The software requirements are at least Version 10.5, so 10.5.8 is fine.
you should be able to do so i download the iso from apple store and i was able to add the os on my new blank drive
No. It doesn't work on my computer :(
sorry I wish I could answer your question I'm a little lost with it right now myself I think I may need another disk I swear apples are the hardest things to work on
if you are using this upgrade, you must first do the upgrade to windows 8 and then to 8.1. After you have done the upgrade you need to look in the folder "WindowsESD" for the file "install.esd" That will create a USB boot or an ISO file which may be burned to a DVD Other wise, if you use the option given, to create media when you use the download file, you will still only have an upgrade version.
Yeah you can upgrade even if you don't have the original or real version of windows only thing you need to know is when you upgrade you will lost your data unless you back it up on a external hard drive or usb
Hello, yes this item will work to upgrade to Windows 8.1 Pro. Thank you
Here's a link to the page. Make sure you click on Windows 8, not 8.1. You can upgrade to 8.1 later in Windows Store. http://windows.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-8/upgrade-product-key-only
First have windows 7 install then download windows 8. When you run software choose upgrade. If you still have issues call the 800 # when error appears. Microsoft will help you activate OS
Mine was shipped via UPS.
It's just a card with a Win 8 Pro installation key and instructions. You'll need to get a copy of Win 8 Pro from somewhere else, then use this key to install it. If you don't have access to a Win 8 disk, you can download a Win 8 iso file and burn your own disk.
Upgraded from XP. Went very smoothly. Took about 5 minutes to download 8.0 upgrade, and well less than an hour to upgrade - very easy. There were then a lot of updates to apply (system does them for you, but you may have to tell the system to update immediately rather than waiting for scheduled updates), then I upgraded to Windows 8.1. This took longer, but not too bad - maybe another hour or so. Overall impressed. Old programs are not restored - you have to reload them, but files (documents, pictures, etc) all restored automatically.
Hi JD, Yes! This product (purchased through our company) will upgrade Windows 8 to Windows 8 Pro. We can't speak for other sellers. Thanks!
Yes
Yes - I am using the software on my new computer that has Windows 8.
Sorry, I do not know.
The Bible translations are: American Standard Version English Standard Version God's Word Holman Christian Standard Bible King James Version New King James Version New Living Translation Weymouth New Testament Young's Literal Translation
Yes, this is a extremely awesome Bible program.
yes
Requires a Pentium 2 processor with 512MB of memory
Neither are included.
No
No. The Cambridge notes are not listed as one of the many resources in this edition.
It has a Bible Reading plan where you can specify what portion of the Bible you want to read and how long you want to take to read it. You can then keep up with your progress with indicators as to what you have read and whether you are on track or not. I don't think it becomes a permanent record. I believe it will be deleted when you create a new plan, but while the plan is current you can keep up with your progress.
Yes, there are several choices in both the size of labels and the design. If you do not like the Christmas designs that are offered, you can choose your own from clip art.
The product listed on Amazon specifically states the platform is for Window 7/8. However the box the program came in says it is compatible with XP & Vista so you should be good to go.
I have not been able to get it to download on my Windows 8. Will probably return it.
Yes.
Yes, I always print the envelope to mail my card in. After printing the card there is a tab at the bottom that says 'print envelope'. Click on that and then 'edit envelope'. You can address and put your return address. Sometimes I put a picture as well. There is a way to create an address book, but I have not done that yet.
I do not believe that this software is printer dependent. System requirements are Windows XP, Vista, 7 and/or 8. If you are using one of these windows systems, you should be just fine.
Yes, however; I never use this feature since I prefer to hand write my envelopes giving them a personal tou
You can print it on anything including plain paper. The cardstock from Walmart should be fine.
I no longer run Vista, but the System requirements are Intel Pentium 4 or faster, with 512 MB ram and DVD drive. It runs great on my Windows 8 hp.
I could not get this product to get the information that I needed. I really don't know how to get the information from my older product.
Yes Kathline it is compatible with Windows 8 and I only gave it the two star because many of the cards are the same as the 2009 version I had already on XP (I still use the XP computer).
I don't know. It keeps crashing on Windows 7. I wouldn't bother with it.
Hi Darlene, I can't say that it is better than 2011, however I can say better than 1998 which was the last one I had. I love this one, for me graphics are softer, still vivid, tons of pre made items you can customize and the set up is a bit different for creating your own, I asume they did the most popular templates, I hope this helps ;0), if anything there is I believe a 90 day money back guarantee, won't hurt to see if you love it!
the one i bought was a box version i could load onto my computer. i am not sure if they sell the download only version, but i do know you can download to your computer from Hallmark site
Sorry I can't help you. Since I upgraded to the 2013 version, I have been very unhappy with the program.
Yes , it is very easy to do so.
Yes on both questions for business cards u would use card model 8371, however it does not have templates for the porgrams meaning u would have to eyeball it to seperate for two or three fold, hope this helps good luck ;0)
I really don't know as I have never tried. I am not real happy with my Hallmark program.
I don't see how you can use it without the Internet, but I admit, I didn't try.........
You can print cards for the 4 3/8 x 5 3/4 (quarter fold) but you have to design your own.
No. You can access the online program 24 hours a day, 7 days a week online, but conversing with native speaking individuals or groups to immerse yourself in practicing speaking a new language is limited to 2- 25 minute sessions every 30 days per Rosetta Stone Customer Service.
No.
I used my iPad and my PC to access online and it works fine.
yes u can no problem
No. You have only one choice.
We currently have it on a Kindle, i pad, and an i phone at the same time. Works great!
No. The 12 month program is for 1 language only. You have to pay again for any additional languages you want to learn.
Yes. Here are the system requirements from the Rosetta Stone website: MINIMUM SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS- TOTALe ONLINE Windows: XP SP3, Vista SP2, Windows 7, or Windows 8 Mac (Intel based only): Snow Leopard, Lion, Mountain Lion (OS X 10.6 or higher) Internet Explorer 7, Firefox 4, Safari 5, Chrome 8 or greater Adobe Flash Player version 10.3 or greater On Windows: 2.33GHz or faster x86-compatible processor OR Intel Atom 1.6GHz or faster processor for netbooks On Mac: Intel Core Duo 1.33GHz or faster processor 1GB RAM or higher 1024 x 768 display resolution High-Speed Internet connection (at least 768Kbps) USB headset with microphone (not included)
Totale is compltely web based. All you need is a web browser to use it on a computer. It does have apps for both Androids and iPhone/iPads, but those also connect to the Internet and supplement the web based version.
I think the 12 months begin when you install and activate the program.
There is an Import function on the File menu. You select the file used by Master Cook, then choose a cookbook or create a new cookbook. The Help function gives details for different versions of Master Cook. Go to the Index tab and type "Import", then hit enter. Master Cook appears on the list of items to be imported.
Yes.
The CD for the software says Windows. May want to check their website to see if a MAC version is available: www.livingcookbook.com
not sure but works great with my sony laptop windows 8
Yes, Living Cookbook 2013 can add multiple images to a single recipe.
I use My Cookbook Pro app from the android play store. You export your cookbook file and save it to your device SD card. I have a Nexus 7 tablet and an HTC One X phone and run the app on both devices. Its not perfect in that they have not added an easy way to sort the recipes from living cookbook but you do have your complete cookbook and just have to go down the alphabetized list to find what you were looking for, They are working on updating the app to work more efficiently with the living cookbook export. they also have easy to follow instructions on their website.
I honestly haven't gotten around to really plugging in stuff from my pantry inventory yet. This is what the product info says-- Working with inventory: Manage your kitchen inventory. Control the ordering properties of any inventory item (minimum order quantity, order at level, order up to level, etc.). Share inventory data with other Living Cookbook users. Customize inventory displays using your choice of fonts, background colors, headings and more. Create a printable inventory worksheet to help you take stock of your kitchen. Compare any two inventory items side-by-side.
Yes, there is a search box called look. You can use look using one or all words in recipe, ingredient, menus, meals, technique, and more. You can also list or sort recipes by Name, Source, and Difficulty.
Yes There is a tip and comment area
"Please note that Living Cookbook licenses are per-computer. In other words your license can only be registered on one computer at a time". If you need to move it to a new computer than you have to unregister the one you have it on and re-register your new computer. Go to Facts page for more info. I just copied that off of the website that creates this software. Just a extra note; This is the best recipe software I have used. I love it its easy to use and its a great price for what you get..
No. http://www.earmaster.com/support/frequently-asked-questions.html?view=faq&catid= says: Q. I have a 1-PC/Mac license. On how many computers may I install EarMaster? A. The 1 PC/Mac license entitles you to install EarMaster on both a desktop computer and a laptop.
No. It is for PC,Mac users
ear master should be able to help you ear train with any instrument. The program itself has several instruments to play sounds for. piano, guitar, oboe, brass, etc. if this didn't answer your question or have a certain instrument you want let me know and i will do what i can to help.
Yes, download the product beforehand from the EarMaster's website and use the physical shipment just to get the key. The download has a fully functional trial period so you should be able to use it right away.
The download will be long if you are not on dsl or cable. If you are rural like me, you have either 2way satellite or 4G for internet. It will blast your data plan. Also, if download gets interuptted (gee that never happens...) you might have a new temporary hobby trying to get it untangled. With disk, you load it without waiting and it is automatically backed up (so to speak).
You should be able to.
I haven't done the sight singing part, but the creator of the software claims that it will help improve sight reading while singing the notes.
I think it depends on the 12 year old. All the exercises start off simply enough and get progressively harder. Some of them could prove difficult. However there are so many options in this program that I think you could find enough to start off with and leave the harder stuff for later. You can't start ear training soon enough if you're serious about music so I'd encourage you to purchase it. Their customer support is pretty fantastic as well.
Yes
No
In this addition cd all graphic and sound drivers r there
The answer is Mint 14 will launch just fine without damaging the hard drive. Let me explain in more detail. Access your BIOS and make sure boot priority is set to the DVD drive first. That being verified, restart the computer. It will launch the DVD before Windows 7and come up with the Mint14 options screen. The first option "Boot From Hard Drive" will work only if you have already used Gparted Partition Manager and placed a Linux partition on your hard drive yourself. It takes a while. Trust me. You cannot forget that. The other options are for 32 bit and 64 bit processors. You must know this before you start if you have a laptop, because the computer could freeze with the battery power on. Hold the power button to turn it off. If this doesn't work you would have to unplug the batter charger and then remove the battery with the laptop on (very undesirable.) For Desktop computers just pull the plug. If the monitor for your computer does not look just perfect in "Cinnamon" then reboot and select "Mate." In very rare instances of hardware probing on startup, the audio hardware may be set to a default setting which gives you no sound output. Take you mouse and click on menu, slide the pointer to "Control Center" and then slide the pointer far down to click on "Sound." When the sound window comes up Click the mouse cursor on the "Hardware" Tab. In the hardware screen just select different sound hardware detected and then select the "Test" speaker buttons. It remembers which hardware you chose last. That should get you up and running in the most difficult and unpredictable situations.
I don't think so. its seems you are set up with a dual operating systems you have the choise of booting to windows 7 or linux mint but you vcan not run both operating system at the same time.
select mint in last table
It works now with Windows 7. My daughter can use it now. Lots of stuff to do on here. My girl is 7, but gets a little bored on this at times. However, it works.
I have Windows 8, but had several bugs with it.
I used Windows XP and Windows 7 and neither would work beyond learning the R and V keys. Program would just freeze up ( on two different computers) at the same point. There are clearly bugs in the coding.
I could not down load any copies and I could not get a refund.
Yes
To download it yes. I don't think to use it once it's loaded. Didn't really matter for us since it never worked properly.
we bought it for Windows 7. did NOT work. If we try it on a computer with XP, i'll let you know.
Hello; I purchased as gifts & contacted someone I sent it to. On the side of the box it says compatible with Windows 8, they however don't have W-8 so all we can go by is the box. Hope this helps.
I've had software conflict and couldn't print out. After all I returned the product. I use windows latest software. Hope it helps.
Yes. It works with Windows XP, Vista, 7 and 8. Hope this helps...
Yes, I have a MACBook and it works fine on it.
I did a family scrapbook depending how big the picture was I was able to fit at least 3 to 4 images on a page. but you can add as many pages to the book you want
If you are working already on something saved you don't it just pulls automatically, however if you want to acquire additional formats or special designs, you will need internet access.
I'm not sure, ever since I figured out it wasn't what I wanted, I haven't used it. Sorry
It was quite simple - I put disk in drive and followed all the prompts.
You can print it and it will give you the option to print in different sizes, 4x10, 5x7 etc. However I am new at this so I am still in the process of building my album and learning in the process.
Yes. There is a "Share" section, and you can export the pages as jpegs or pdfs
No limit on the screen capture as I have capture entire films for later conversion to mp4 and .wav format. However, I don't see that codec format H264... I know it has various presets .avi, .mov., .mp4, .wav, and many others...I sometimes export to WAV and import into Premiere for serious video editing.
You should check directly with Movavi website for the "official" answer to this question. As far as I personally know, the only differences between the two are cost and type of license - I do not believe there is any actual difference in the software itself - it is just a matter of whether or not you intend to use it for "personal" or "commercial" purposes. Be aware that Video Suite 12 was just released and is available at introductory prices. Not sure how this will impact pricing on v11 or if v11 will still be available for much longer. Again, I suggest you look at the product matrix comparison charts on the Movavi website for detail about what each product offers (ie; the various programs which collectively make up the video suite). Unless you need ONLY the specific functions of one product within the suite (which are all available separately), you'll save money and be better off buying the suite.
Easiest way to do this is to pause the video, screen capture, then trim the resulting image.
It does have a screen capture feature.
I have never tried to do a FREEZE FRAME, but their support system is excellent. For what I need MOVAVI 11 VIDEO is extremely sufficient. If you would like to see some of the projects I did with MOVAVI, I would be more than happy to share them.... thank u 4 asking
I have not attempted to play a commercial Blu ray with this program
its not the lag but the computer resources it uses. but by far still the best software ive used for gaming video capture
Yes but its not HD
It depends on your settings but anywhere from 80 - 160MB
If the software could do that, which I'm not sure if it can or not. It would probably crash every time trying to transfer or convert. Don't waste your money on this product. Enough said.
Execute money back
I think its just a one computer download, but either way it isn't worth it. The recording is sluggish, it slows down your computer, and is an overall bad software.
No Michael, it doesn't have any monthly cost.
Absolutely! It's been my experience that if you can see it on your monitor, you can capture it!
Movavi does not download. It provides you the option to record video on your screen with Audio from your speakers. This gives you an option to capture a video that is not supported by downloading software such as YTD.
Yes. You can record the speaker to record your computer's sound, or you can record your narration using a microphone.
In the effects section, you can flip the video horizontally and vertically, plus you can rotate the video +180 degrees, +90 degrees, and -90 degrees. After you hit the rotation or flip button you go to "Settings" and move the video to any degree you choose with the red slide button. It works quite well. I hope this answers your question. Paul G.
one licence is for one pc only, standard practice
Speaking for myself,I have never had any issues regarding Movavi software,though it is entirely possible that their website IP has been Hacked.Could be a false positive,check web of trust,and notify Movavi @ Corporate,and MBAM ,as well....... Happy New Year !!!
freeze like you know and I did not use it as long as after buy it.
After purchasing, I couldn't get the software to burn to a DVD and there was no way to contact any customer support via phone, chat, or email. All contact methods failed...beware.
Yes, was easy and fast for me
According to the menu is will convert VHS to DVD but I have not used that part of the program... I use a program called USB TV Box which does as excellent job. Sorry, cannot answer your question. Robert
Hi! Yes you can convert WMA to MP3. Sorry I did'nt get back earlier, I'm sick with the flu! Here is a link to their "tutorial". You will have to copy & paste, as "hot" links can't be used in these answer boxes. I like Movavi because of the quality and support. www.movavi.com/support/how-to-convert-wma-to-mp3.html Good software , good company !
It doesn't appear to allow you to break it down like that. If you insert a DVD into your computer and ask it to do something with the DVD that warning pops up and there's nothing you can do with the DVD. I hope this is helpful.
Try out Movavi Video Converter. I have found them pretty good. Robert
this is not a trial, you should have also received an activation key from Amazon to activate the program.
I am afraid I cannot help directly since I am just another user. Contact Movavi at their website movavi.com in the contact us page. They are very good at providing a fast response. Since I believe the surpport comes out of Europe, and it is late on a Friday in the US, you may not get a response until next week.
"Can I convert AVCHD to DVD format and burn to a DVD-R/DVD+R that will be playable on any home DVD player? I also what the answer to this question the answer will determinate if I buy this product or not.
Yes...you can do it and convert MPEG4 to MP3...I like this software very much so I can convert flv to swf to add videos backgrounds to my Video Editor...
It can convert a lot of different systems. it is possible, but I do not know what pds is.
if you don't want to put the bills in first - go to Banking - then write check. Double check your check number and fill in name amount, computer automatically does the rest on bottom use your line class from your accounts, amount, memo and print or follow the video. Have fun. Sue
Hi Laura, The DVD does not have an International Standard Book Number (ISBN). It does have an Amazon Standard Identification Number (ASIN) which is B00AHGY8GO. Hope this helps.
I doubt it will run without installation. I installed mine and it works great. This is not a plain DVD, it is a DVD-ROM.
No. Quickbooks has a proadvisors program and the test and related question and courses are what you need to study to pass the exam. Questions are tricky so use QB certification prep materials
No, basics ONLY!
No, not to upgrade your skills. The 2013 might have some added features 2007 doesn't. I'm new to QB but enjoying it. Sue
Yes, very easy. Enjoy!
No it doesn't have to be linked to your bank account. So far I am very pleased with it.
Yes, the tutorial will show you how to do this. This tutorial is very helpful and it is easy to understand.
No
it will just install the latest version.
Look to buy a new package online - cheaper 90% of the time unless Eset has a same - which them email you about if you register.
My son chose NOD32 for our computers, I have a desk top he has a laptop. He did the research after a friend told him about it, we love it! We had Norton for a few years and it was okay, but I still had a lot of garbage getting to my computer. This is my second year with NOD32 and it does most of the work for me. It protects my computer and my sons laptop better than any other we've tried. I recommend it to every one I know.
No, this one is only antivirus. You'll want one of their "Security" editions instead.
"For how much time is the license
During installation it searches for any updates and provides the opportunity to update to the latest version.
Yes, (unfortunately).
I don't think so. I purchased Malware Bytes with the ESET and it works great. Malware Bytes is a lifetime deal. It gives you the updates automatically. Also if you install the ESET version 6, It will ask if you want to upgrade to version 7. I did it, It's free so why not. Some people complain about the download times for the ESET. You must delete your old anti virus software before you install the ESET. It will go a lot quicker that way.
never used any android devices. sorry!
One year, just like every other security program
Key is included for one year.
Yes it does for three PC's
Yes. There are 32 bit and 64 bit disks in the upgrade package. I upgraded a 32 bit system and everything went smoothly.
NO, but you can follow these instructions first to make your Win 7 genuine. If you do find yourself with a non-genuine version of Windows after performing a hardware upgrade, replacing a failing component, or - in an extreme worst case scenario - upgrading a hardware driver or firmware that causes Windows to think you're using a new component, you'll need to activate Windows again with Microsoft. To re-activate a Windows 7 PC, you'll need to open the Windows Activation tool. To do so, click the Start button, type "Activate" into the Start menu, and click the Windows Activation shortcut. Select the "Show me other ways to activate" option and go through the wizard, selecting the "Use the automated phone system" option. You'll then be given a toll-free number you can dial. If everything goes properly, you'll be given a confirmation ID you can enter into the Windows Activation tool to make Windows genuine again. If the automated system fails, you'll be put on the line with a Microsoft customer service representative. Explain your situation and they'll hopefully allow you to re-active your installed copy of Windows, making it genuine again
All I know about 8.1 is that it is an upgrade after you install 8-if you do not want 8.1 don't upgrade. If have done it- not sure how to remove it--I would contact Microsoft. This upgrade program will only work on one computer-has one product key-you would have to buy another product key to install it on another computer.
This is the more universal version. It lets you upgrade from xp or higher. This is consumer version. At least what we are selling is , We do not know what other sellers have to offer. .
Hello Ken, Thanks for your itnerest! We found some Windows 8 decals on "Google shopping" as low as $9.00. We hope this helps.
Went in with no problem. But I had to get used to 8, what a different OS. Hope all goes well with your install.
Yes, I ordered two, and both were sealed with the Windows seal, and I was able to install and register them without a problem.
To my knowledge, there is not. You will need to buy a product key for each. Which cost the amount of the software.
BACKUP ALL YOUR DATA BEFORE UPGRADING. To make sure your hardware is compatible with windows XP, you should check the windows 8 compatibility program NOT the 8.1 one. Google Download Windows 8 Upgrade Assistant . Some times the hardware may be compatible but the Upgrade may not work right, while reinstalling as new install with the upgrade disc would work on same computer.
I like this ,but some item not working ,I thing windows 7 better them windows 8
First, your daughter needs a graphics tablet, such as Wacom Bamboo. I think it's called Intuos (not Intuos Pro) now. The smallest and cheapest one would be fine for beginning artists if you have monitor size of 23in and below. Program is not so complex, it's just about the same complexity as other good graphics programs out there. If your daughter is serious about art, settling for less complexity might do more harm than good. This is a good program to start. It's better than Photoshop if you only want to draw/paint. The strong point of this program is creating comic book pages and single page art. It doesn't have animation capabilities. For animation programs, avoid Anime Studio, since that one is overly complicated to use. Easytoon is a good animation program to start. It's free and it's simple. It will help your daughter to focus only on "traditional animating". If your daughter is interested in 3d animation, Blender is a good choice. It's free and it's powerful. The community surrounding that program is very helpful too.
Im able to run it on two computers simultaneously. You should have no problem installing it on another machine.
I Use it on windows 8.1 with no problems so far.
I would agree with the other comment here, except to add that MS5 has many more features than SAI. Version 5's updated brush engine comes with presets which very closely match SAI's excellent "watercolor" and blending tools. MS5 also has things like a wide variety of tones, accepts the direct import of 3D models and has numerous other tools that are similar but more expansive than SAI. To me, I would say that Manga Studio 5 is like SAI/Photoshop, but WITHOUT all the non-art related tools AND high price (of Photoshop). Also, if you are especially interested in producing "comics" of ANY kind, consider getting the "EX" version, which has MANY tools for page and story management, and is &lt;$90.
This is the full version. However, if you want more features, get Manga Studio 5 EX. That is the complete full version. But this is a downsized full version.
i Paige, yes, it is compatible with Windows 8.1. Yes the software is on a disk. So far I have two devices installed with a single serial number, so I'm guessing it is unlimited like Photoshop CS 5.5 Creative Suite unlike Windows Office they limit you to install numbers of devices with their serial keys.
I would call Smith Micro and report this problem. The number is (949) 362-5800. Good luck! :)
when I got Manga Studio, the same thing Happend to me It could be a number of things when I was having that problem. It turned out To be I was using the letter O instead of Zero So that might be. Your problem or vice versa So try that . And if that doesn't work you can restart your computer.Or Uninstall it and reinstall it. That might work. And if you're 100% sure that you have everything Right you should restart your computer. And you might need a profile on the Smith Micro Website. Some times you have to do that with software program so that might be it. And if none of those things work you should contact customer service and get a new serial number because sometimes the serial numbers might be expired. I hope that's not the case. But if none of these things work it might be. Oh and check for more then one serial number And if you have the download check your email. I hope this helps good luck! &#128522;
The Manga Studio 5 would be a lot less quality for graphic novels then Manga Studio 4Ex. But Manga Studio 5 is more advanced. If you would like to stick to today's technology you may want Manga Studio 5. There is a Manga Studio 5Ex in stores actually, it's like Manga Studio 4Ex but it's more advanced. Good Luck in choosing. :)
No it doesn't its just the program.....so you'd have to buy a tablet...I recommend a wacom tablet.
First, your daughter needs a graphics tablet, such as Wacom Bamboo. I think it's called Intuos (not Intuos Pro) now. The smallest and cheapest one would be fine for beginning artists if you have monitor size of 23in and below. Program is not so complex, it's just about the same complexity as other good graphics programs out there. If your daughter is serious about art, settling for less complexity might do more harm than good. This is a good program to start. It's better than Photoshop if you only want to draw/paint. The strong point of this program is creating comic book pages and single page art. It doesn't have animation capabilities. For animation programs, avoid Anime Studio, since that one is overly complicated to use. Easytoon is a good animation program to start. It's free and it's simple. It will help your daughter to focus only on "traditional animating". If your daughter is interested in 3d animation, Blender is a good choice. It's free and it's powerful. The community surrounding that program is very helpful too.
Im able to run it on two computers simultaneously. You should have no problem installing it on another machine.
I Use it on windows 8.1 with no problems so far.
I would agree with the other comment here, except to add that MS5 has many more features than SAI. Version 5's updated brush engine comes with presets which very closely match SAI's excellent "watercolor" and blending tools. MS5 also has things like a wide variety of tones, accepts the direct import of 3D models and has numerous other tools that are similar but more expansive than SAI. To me, I would say that Manga Studio 5 is like SAI/Photoshop, but WITHOUT all the non-art related tools AND high price (of Photoshop). Also, if you are especially interested in producing "comics" of ANY kind, consider getting the "EX" version, which has MANY tools for page and story management, and is &lt;$90.
This is the full version. However, if you want more features, get Manga Studio 5 EX. That is the complete full version. But this is a downsized full version.
i Paige, yes, it is compatible with Windows 8.1. Yes the software is on a disk. So far I have two devices installed with a single serial number, so I'm guessing it is unlimited like Photoshop CS 5.5 Creative Suite unlike Windows Office they limit you to install numbers of devices with their serial keys.
I would call Smith Micro and report this problem. The number is (949) 362-5800. Good luck! :)
when I got Manga Studio, the same thing Happend to me It could be a number of things when I was having that problem. It turned out To be I was using the letter O instead of Zero So that might be. Your problem or vice versa So try that . And if that doesn't work you can restart your computer.Or Uninstall it and reinstall it. That might work. And if you're 100% sure that you have everything Right you should restart your computer. And you might need a profile on the Smith Micro Website. Some times you have to do that with software program so that might be it. And if none of those things work you should contact customer service and get a new serial number because sometimes the serial numbers might be expired. I hope that's not the case. But if none of these things work it might be. Oh and check for more then one serial number And if you have the download check your email. I hope this helps good luck! &#128522;
The Manga Studio 5 would be a lot less quality for graphic novels then Manga Studio 4Ex. But Manga Studio 5 is more advanced. If you would like to stick to today's technology you may want Manga Studio 5. There is a Manga Studio 5Ex in stores actually, it's like Manga Studio 4Ex but it's more advanced. Good Luck in choosing. :)
No it doesn't its just the program.....so you'd have to buy a tablet...I recommend a wacom tablet.
As per the details on sonycreativesoftware.com. Vegas Suite includes hitfilm 2 Ultimate. We suggest that you check their website to be 100% sure b
I used Vegas Pro with Windows 7 -- no problems. I am currently using it with Windows 8.1. Also terrific.
We are shipping sony vegas pro 12 suite.
Dear Gabbe, When we launched it on the computer, it was the 2013 version. We used it in Uganda and donated the laptops and resources to the school there. They were amazed at the information. They do not have access to the internet in remote areas so these resources are needed there to open the world up for those children. :) Hilary
It seems to work without issues on OSX 10.9 with no issues ...yet. Both for the kids and myself.
Yes, All of our computers at home are running Windows 8.1 and we have had no problems.
the 2013 version has more up to date information. I would recommend 2013 version
I don't know about Britannica, but I love the World Book DVD - it has a ton of articles.
As far as XP and third party software goes, "XP is XP is XP". The only place where XP Home and Pro see a difference is with Office, and some Windows development software. According to the MacKiev website (http://www.mackiev.com/wb_specs.html) the ONLY requirement is XP (SP2) - no version specified.
No
works fine on windows vista - small problem is the small print even when you use the larger font - i use a magnifier program which helps a great deal (not windows magnifier) - would be good for world book to have an increase font option much much larger than they have - plus the pictures are too small - i loaded my computer with the entire encyclopedia instead of using the cd - works faster that way - i use it a lot - enjoy
Yes, it does.
Sorry, but I don't have any Apple machines.
The plugin version of Portrait Professional runs within Photoshop so you can retouch an image while you're doing other kinds of editing. For a seamless workflow, this is the best option. There is also a standalone version, which runs as a separate software program. It works just as well as the plugin, but you have to open your image in Portrait Professional and then export it. I've used both methods and strongly recommend the plugin. By "three versions" maybe you mean the one that can handle raw files; I haven't tried it, but as long as it can work as a plugin it would be worth a try.
Joseph, Does your question apply to buying at Amazon? because when I tried adding PP11 to my cart, it worked fine. I really recommend that you do as I did, and order directly from Anthropics, the software developer. I'm on their mailing list, and regularly receive emails offering discounts if you buy from them. Hope that helps. trebe
yes, I have it on my laptop and desktop
Yes, it sure does - you download the version based on your computer and I use an iMac 27. Results are spectacular!!
I've been able to download PP and install it on two computers. An attempt to install it three times failed.
you could e-mail them and ask. Lots of companies understand how people have a desktop and a laptop kind of thing. Easiest way would be to download it on you other computer and type in your existing license number.
I've used Portrait Professional 10 and 11 with both Lightroom 3,4 and currently 5. Works very well with my workflow when retouching my images. I really don't use it with Photoshop as Lightroom is my base tool from which I start my processing.
The answer to your question is "yes"! The program can be used as a standalone or as a plugin with Corel's Paintshop. There is an explanation of how to add plugins to Paintshop at http://akvis.com/en/graphic-tips/paint-shop-pro-photo-plugins.php. I know it is different software but the process is the same - use the instructions for "Method 2" but where it says "Win 32-bit: C:\Program Files\AKVIS, Win 64-bit: C:\Program Files (x86)\AKVIS" substitute the path to your Portrait Pro directory (On my machine Windows 8.1 64 bit the path is "C:\Program Files\Portrait Professional Studio 64 v11". Finally as the instructions point out the plugin appears in Paintshop under "Effects; Plugins; Anthropics; Portrait Professional.
It is an earlier version of the program. V12 is the new one. The Max version comes with more automated features like auto sex determination and the ability to edit more pictures with standard settings at one time. I have V11 Studio and it works great, but when I upgrade will get the V12 Max it looks like from what I have read.
Andie. Yes you can use this program to complete the task you ask about. I am still stumbling through all that - - but I have used it for those task. Thks Donnie
I received this program on optical media which included both the MAC and the Windows version. It is optimized for 64-bit systems.
Both option. Price you must email To customer support. My was with disk
you cannot go wrong with this program at the price it is sold. the more you practice enhancing your friends the more you refine your techniques and the better your results get. the feedback i get from my friends is awesome!!!
I am running it on Windows 8.1 with no problems.
Depends on what you mean. The CD contains all of the components to build a bootable thumb drive or CD for recovery. Once the software is installed backups run automatically as long as the backup media is in place. You still have to build your own recovery boot device using Symantec supplied software.
The product comes with a license number. This is on a letter-size sheet separate from the installation media. If you go to http://www.symantec.com/en/us/global/licensing/ you can create a Symantec account. Once you can log in to the portal you will be able to register your license. Once licensed you will be eligible for phone support.
No it is not and will not activate the trial version of r2.
I believe it keeps on running but you lose the ability to get new updates and new virus signatures unless you renew.
David, I can check weather SSR works with Ghost V12 backup files but V12 isn't on your list. I'm bouncing back and forth between Windows XP and 8 with two different hard drives (HD). The Windows 8 HD has the SSR version and the Windows XP HD has Ghost V12. Right now I'm using Windows XP since I like it better. Maybe in the future when I have to power down my system, I can connect the Windows 8 HD and check SSR out against Ghost V12 backup files if you're interested.
media license
Other's answers are incorrect. This is for the subscription to Office 365 Small Business, and includes a Office Professional license for up to 5 devices (not just one), either PC or Mac, plus tablets and iPad. Once you activate your subscription, you are free to log into the site from any of those devices and download the appropriate software.
It is licensed for a single user, and requires you to sign into microsoft with your microsoft user account credentials when initially opening the first application to validate on each device.
It has to be installed on each computer and the users you create can access though each installed computer or on the office website with their login you assign. you can download 1 copy and install from the server to individual computers.
Yes. It does. Same thing
Yes. I have it on several computers.
I did not think there was much difference between the two and, for some reason, bought the "small business" version. HUGE mistake! msft says you have to have your own domain... everyone in my family has email but we don't have nor want to buy, a domain. msft has given me zero help on this or given me a way to morph my account to a "home" account. Basically, I have not yet found a way, if there IS a way, to make '365 available to others in my family.
Yes! The first purchase of this item will force you to get a Microsoft account (you can use an existing @outlook.com, @live.com, or @live.com, and some will be able to employ @msn.com, etc) or you will have to create one if you want a separate account. You will then be able to select a domain, that service will use for referencing itself, as well as for use with those who do no have a custom domain. It will be in the following syntax: user@selectedsubnet.onmicrosoft.com and SharePoint will run a public website from https://selectedsubnet-public.sharepoint.com. Once the account you will use to administer the service is created, that user, in this case the adminstrator, may install the software on up to 5 different PC/Mac's any combination thereof. BUT they must all be under the username you selected for the administrator. If you want different email addresses, you must purchase additional licenses. BE VERY CAREFUL! Office 365, is not for people who are tech savvy, they must be IT professionals to fully administer this. If that isn't you, then buy the Office 2013 Standalone Suites, which can allow for multiple license situations under different users (don't the mistake of patting yourself on the back on this one, you'll regret it). If you want more than my word for it, go right to Microsoft here: http://office.microsoft.com/en-us/business/compare-all-office-365-for-business-plans-FX104051403.aspx Take note that the first row of items is defined as "Subscription to Office for up to 5 PCs/Macs and 5 Windows tablets/iPads PER USER. Office for iPad includes Word, Excel, and PowerPoint." Can't be much clearer than that, but the answer is yes, they need to all be under the same user. When you install on multiple machines, you will enter whatever user will be utilizing that machine and it will be authenticated against the setup initially performed.
Yes
Hello. You will have both options.
No, because it is a different operating system.
It worked for me
A temporary fix to browse the internet. This disk might tell whether or not your drive is corrupted. This disk will not install Windows for you. Actually, the disk is based on Linux OS?
IF you Have A Paypal Account You Can Buy My System32 Repair CD-For 20$ With Free Shipping
it would not even run.
no
I did not use this disc. I purchased a copy of XP to restore my PC. Sorry.
I don't know. It did not work for me!
yes it will allow you to reset it
Yes
No
Yes. if the document is stores in the cloud just download it to your computer and treat it like any other document. The only caveat is that 365 is the latest version of Word and you might have to save the document as a previous version.
From the computer you want to install it on go to office.microsoft.com Next step is to sign in. Once signed in, click on the "My Account" shortcut (or click on your name on top right corner and an option to access account pops up). You'll see your product, how many installs you have left and a green button that will install 365 to your computer.
This is one of those classic "it depends" answers. Office 365 uses the newest file format for office . If your "real" office installation (office 2013) can access that new format, the answer is "yes." If you opt out you'll also not lose your ability to view those files, just the ability to edit/modify the files. You also can maintain backwards compatibility by doing a "save as" and choosing one of the older file formats. If you take that last option, you do lose some of the formatting options that are available in 0ffice 2013/office 365 and apps will indicate that you are using "compatibility mode."
The product worked just fine on my production machine, which runs Win7/64. All of my Word settings imported successfully as did my Outlook settings and conversations.
Two different people can use there own Microsoft accounts. I have one on my work computer and one on my personal and they are two different Microsoft accounts. You will have to use the same security key for both.
Yes it does. You download and install like any other software.
1 TB for each computer and 60 minutes of Skype for each as well. Hope this helps!
I have Office 365 on two PCs and Office 2011 on a Mac and can work on each the same as any other. I didn't download the Mac version from the 365 suite so I'd say that you could do so. All three are always connected to wi-fi but I don't see why editing a file offline wouldn't work.
There is no difference.
The licenses say "PC/Mac Key card" and "PC/Mac Download", the name indicates it is for Mac as well.
Hi Vickie D, You must have atleast 1GB RAM (if you save in High Definition: 2GB RAM)
No, you are not able to download from YouTube with Muvee Reveal X. I use a program called YTD Video Downloader. This program not only allows you to download from YouTube, but to convert the file into whatever format you need, even audio only file types. Once you have the video downloaded from YouTube, you are able to 'add' that file to your Muvee Reveal project.
Yes, you can sync your music easily. You can also save on a stick like any other file, just change the destination folder to the stick and you're ready to go. Definitely, you can email the muvees, however, sending videos by email is difficult, because video files are so big. Posting videos to public video sharing websites can mean that your video is there for anyone in the world to see. muvee Reveal provides free online private albums with muvee Cloud.
No, you will have to download a separate program to cut down background noise. Muvee will not allow you to do that within the program.
works with Windows 8,7,Vista, XP (SP3)
No
Hi Angeline, We're sorry to inform you that muvee Reveal software aren't compatible with MAC OS, however, you have 2 options to run your muvee products on Mac. (1. Boot Camp 2. Parallels)
I had the same problem. I could not get it to work, I gave up and purchased ProShow Producer 5 (very easy to use and it's awesome!)
yes, I have windows 8 and use it and you can use your own music it's different from the older version and took me time to figure it out, glad I did It makes nice movies.
Sorry I don't have windows 8
We have been able to record video tapes of old movies that we have so far with no issues. Version 5 of this product works too if your pc has Windows 7. Make sure your VCR has the red, white, and yellow video/sound ports on the back.
no. doesn't do slides. just video from different media such as VHS tapes, super 8 video, etc.
No,sorry it does not work that way ,when you make a dvd from your vhs ,you can make more than one copy .It will ask you if you wish to burn more copies ,you can do as many as you want before closing out .
From the Honestech Users Manual: Record to media - this option is selected by default indicating you will be recording to a disc. Uncheck this option if you do not plan on burning anything to disc and/or when using the `Create Video_TS folder' option. Disc Name - use this option to create a name for your disc. The name will be visible when played on a computer or from the display interface on supported DVD players. Drive - use this option to select the disc drive that will burn your disc. Burn Speed - use this option to specify the speed at which your disc drive will burn your disc. Tip: Slower burn speeds will typically yield better disc results. If you encounter burning problems, try lowering the burn speed. Speeds can then be raised incrementally with each successful burn. Create Video_TS folder - use this option to create a Video_TS folder on your hard drive in the location specified. A Video_TS folder is the file structure or directory typically burned to DVD discs that contains the DVD movie. *Additional software titled "Burn Video Folder to Disc" has been provided in the VHS to DVD 7.0 program folder for burning any Video_TS folders to a DVD disc should you choose to do so at a later time. Temp Folder - use this option to select the temporary folder used during the burning process. The Advanced mode uses the temporary folder to convert your video to disc format. Once burned to disc, the converted video is purged from the temporary folder.
yes it is easy to use. Just happen to burn a dvd today. I bought this product this year to copy old tapes. just plug in to the vcr and into the computer. made 4 copys of the tape. i am NOT that tech savvy myself. Easy to use. I am not doing any editing just copying the tape.
Yes, you will need a VHS player
You can see it on your computer screen as it's recording.
i have a 30gig drive i would think if you have 500mb left on your drive you need to put some pics and songs or movies on a flash drive. the program puts it on the hard drive to compile it and then burns it to a dvd. i use 3 flash drive to store pics and movies. keeps the hard drive free.
I am only using DVD + RW Disks
Well, this is from the company website. System Requirements Operating System : Windows 8, Windows 7, Windows Vista, Windows XP Service Pack 2/3 USB 2.0 Host Controller/Port Processor : Intel Pentium D 3.60GHz, Pentium M 2.26 GHz, Pentium Core 2 Duo E6300 1.86GHz or higher, or AMD Athlon 64 X2 Dual Core 3600+ or higher Memory : 1GB of RAM
We have been able to record video tapes of old movies that we have so far with no issues. Version 5 of this product works too if your pc has Windows 7. Make sure your VCR has the red, white, and yellow video/sound ports on the back.
no. doesn't do slides. just video from different media such as VHS tapes, super 8 video, etc.
No,sorry it does not work that way ,when you make a dvd from your vhs ,you can make more than one copy .It will ask you if you wish to burn more copies ,you can do as many as you want before closing out .
From the Honestech Users Manual: Record to media - this option is selected by default indicating you will be recording to a disc. Uncheck this option if you do not plan on burning anything to disc and/or when using the `Create Video_TS folder' option. Disc Name - use this option to create a name for your disc. The name will be visible when played on a computer or from the display interface on supported DVD players. Drive - use this option to select the disc drive that will burn your disc. Burn Speed - use this option to specify the speed at which your disc drive will burn your disc. Tip: Slower burn speeds will typically yield better disc results. If you encounter burning problems, try lowering the burn speed. Speeds can then be raised incrementally with each successful burn. Create Video_TS folder - use this option to create a Video_TS folder on your hard drive in the location specified. A Video_TS folder is the file structure or directory typically burned to DVD discs that contains the DVD movie. *Additional software titled "Burn Video Folder to Disc" has been provided in the VHS to DVD 7.0 program folder for burning any Video_TS folders to a DVD disc should you choose to do so at a later time. Temp Folder - use this option to select the temporary folder used during the burning process. The Advanced mode uses the temporary folder to convert your video to disc format. Once burned to disc, the converted video is purged from the temporary folder.
yes it is easy to use. Just happen to burn a dvd today. I bought this product this year to copy old tapes. just plug in to the vcr and into the computer. made 4 copys of the tape. i am NOT that tech savvy myself. Easy to use. I am not doing any editing just copying the tape.
Yes, you will need a VHS player
You can see it on your computer screen as it's recording.
i have a 30gig drive i would think if you have 500mb left on your drive you need to put some pics and songs or movies on a flash drive. the program puts it on the hard drive to compile it and then burns it to a dvd. i use 3 flash drive to store pics and movies. keeps the hard drive free.
I am only using DVD + RW Disks
Well, this is from the company website. System Requirements Operating System : Windows 8, Windows 7, Windows Vista, Windows XP Service Pack 2/3 USB 2.0 Host Controller/Port Processor : Intel Pentium D 3.60GHz, Pentium M 2.26 GHz, Pentium Core 2 Duo E6300 1.86GHz or higher, or AMD Athlon 64 X2 Dual Core 3600+ or higher Memory : 1GB of RAM
They do complete each other very nicely! Body Weight Circuits is very cardio, moving from one move to another quickly, keeping your heart rate up. You're toning at the same time because you are doing body weight exercises. The Hand Weight Circuits has a slower pace using controlled motions. Almost zen! Lots of balance work too!
Remix Workouts has the Body Weight Circuit that is AMAZING for improving cardio health and to really see results in toning for your entire lower body including thighs and legs. Because you're using your body weight you are also strength training so you're getting stronger and burning more calories. The curtsy squat changed my behind for sure!
No. This product is developed for a Windows environment. It works like a software (like Word). You will find the app on iTunes.
Yes, Microsoft Office 2013 is downloaded. When I got Office 365 university, it downloaded: Word, Powerpoint, Excel, & Access 2013 Office Language, Office upload center, OneNote, Outlook, Publisher, and Send to OneNote 2013
Yes. As long as you are a student at the time of purchase. You will need a .edu email address to confirm that though.
Nope, word works offline. But for any onedrive features yes, you will need internet access.
Yes
You can send the company a scan or snip of your acceptance letter, or proof that you are enrolled.
You have to either have a student email address at an accredited institution or an international student ID card, or be able to provide documentation that you are a student. The simplest way is to wait until she gets that email address.
I certainly would not!! Save your money. I would OpenOffice or MSOffice online there both free.
Personally I didn't have any download issues. I'm not living in the US so I can't really say for that though.
You get a code. You connect to MS office over the internet and it downloads. After 4 years it is no longer activated
You keep the software but 365 won't be available
yes, it's fully compatible with Mavericks
$49.95
No idea. I have one Mac mini. I would buy both, to be on the safe side.
it's a yearly protection then after expiration you have to renew your subscription or buy another pack
I covered 3 laptops, my smartphone and tablet, all devices working great. Very easy and quick download .
Seems so. See http://community.norton.com/t5/Norton-for-Mac/Apple-OS-X-10-9-and-NIS-for-Mac-Support/td-p/1027079
It downloads a version appropriate for the device, i.e. PC, tablet. So yes.
No. when you activate the reg Key, the clock starts ticking for all licenses whether installed or not. But you CAN install the product on devices later and have less than the 366 days left
No. I have been a user of Norton security products for well over 20 years and Symantec since 1988. I have used Norton personally as well as professionally and have NEVER suffered from downtime due to a virus. Professionally, includes 16 file servers and over 350 clients (PCs.) The 360 Multi-Device will cover 5 individual devices (i.e. PC, smart phone, tablet in any combination. For your home network you have everything you need. Keep in mind that you can always add security to any network but this will do the job alone. Just keep it updated. Hope this helps!
It's supposed to be good for 5 devices
1 year or 366 days (Leap Year)
I would say yes because it's an android not an apple. I've used this product with several androids.
Code is sent to your email you provided at the time of your purchase
It has security and tune up, plus Identity protection and backup features plus antivirus.
I covered 3 laptops, my smartphone and tablet, all devices working great. Very easy and quick download .
Seems so. See http://community.norton.com/t5/Norton-for-Mac/Apple-OS-X-10-9-and-NIS-for-Mac-Support/td-p/1027079
It downloads a version appropriate for the device, i.e. PC, tablet. So yes.
No. when you activate the reg Key, the clock starts ticking for all licenses whether installed or not. But you CAN install the product on devices later and have less than the 366 days left
No. I have been a user of Norton security products for well over 20 years and Symantec since 1988. I have used Norton personally as well as professionally and have NEVER suffered from downtime due to a virus. Professionally, includes 16 file servers and over 350 clients (PCs.) The 360 Multi-Device will cover 5 individual devices (i.e. PC, smart phone, tablet in any combination. For your home network you have everything you need. Keep in mind that you can always add security to any network but this will do the job alone. Just keep it updated. Hope this helps!
It's supposed to be good for 5 devices
1 year or 366 days (Leap Year)
I would say yes because it's an android not an apple. I've used this product with several androids.
Code is sent to your email you provided at the time of your purchase
It has security and tune up, plus Identity protection and backup features plus antivirus.
Hi Bruce, VideoStudio Pro X6 is compatible with 64-bit PCs, but is a native 32-bit application. The happy news here is that VideoStudio offers very impressive support for multithreading, meaning it can take maximum advantage of your multicore processor--delivering excellent speed and performance. I hope that answers your questions!
Yes - but not the way you want it to - you just clip a bit of a clip off an existing clip - pretty much a single frame clip of .01 second in length. And that's what you are looking for, I think. If you add a photo to your video, it's added as a 3 second clip - all the same frame. And you have to clip it down anyway, to get just one frame.
Yes! While I have not used that feature, the package clearly says "New! Variable speed controls---speed up or slow down any part of your video."
If you purchase a download it will appear in your account so you can download it again.
I gave up on it. Despite my powerhouse machine that edits HD and 2k with no issues, this software crashed.
You should only install on one PC if I remember correct. But I think you mean how many times can you download in case you need to get it again. If I remember correct there was a number of times. But when you download the file you will have the file. So burn to a DVD or put on a USB external drive or something so you will have a hard copy of it. What I also did was upgrade to the new version X7. When I upgraded one of the things they offer for a small fee is to mail you a DVD with the program. I paid for it. I feel much better having it here on a DVD. Hope the answer helps.
I don't know about Blu-ray but the DVD played perfectly.
It has to be a compatible capture device. The key question is what is considered compatible? That I do not know as they refuse to release a compatibility list :( I have ran against the same issue with 1/2 my devices.
I also have the pro 4x, I have never had the issue you seem to have. other than the 20 overlay tracks and the 3rd party add on's with the ultimate I can't see any difference. the main reason I upgraded was for these features as well as the price. I got it on sale at amazon and used rewards points on my credit card so it only cost me about $15. When I do a project I always seem to have alot of stills as well as video, for that reason I make several 3 or 4 minute clips saving them in mp4 format, then I stitch them together. That way if I'm well into the project & decide I want to make a change near the start It's no big deal, just change the one clip. Dave
The .ctg files are cannon catalog files used by canon cameras. They are not meant to be opened by users, but to be used internally by the camera.
Hi Bruce, VideoStudio Pro X6 is compatible with 64-bit PCs, but is a native 32-bit application. The happy news here is that VideoStudio offers very impressive support for multithreading, meaning it can take maximum advantage of your multicore processor--delivering excellent speed and performance. I hope that answers your questions!
Yes - but not the way you want it to - you just clip a bit of a clip off an existing clip - pretty much a single frame clip of .01 second in length. And that's what you are looking for, I think. If you add a photo to your video, it's added as a 3 second clip - all the same frame. And you have to clip it down anyway, to get just one frame.
Yes! While I have not used that feature, the package clearly says "New! Variable speed controls---speed up or slow down any part of your video."
If you purchase a download it will appear in your account so you can download it again.
I gave up on it. Despite my powerhouse machine that edits HD and 2k with no issues, this software crashed.
You should only install on one PC if I remember correct. But I think you mean how many times can you download in case you need to get it again. If I remember correct there was a number of times. But when you download the file you will have the file. So burn to a DVD or put on a USB external drive or something so you will have a hard copy of it. What I also did was upgrade to the new version X7. When I upgraded one of the things they offer for a small fee is to mail you a DVD with the program. I paid for it. I feel much better having it here on a DVD. Hope the answer helps.
I don't know about Blu-ray but the DVD played perfectly.
It has to be a compatible capture device. The key question is what is considered compatible? That I do not know as they refuse to release a compatibility list :( I have ran against the same issue with 1/2 my devices.
I also have the pro 4x, I have never had the issue you seem to have. other than the 20 overlay tracks and the 3rd party add on's with the ultimate I can't see any difference. the main reason I upgraded was for these features as well as the price. I got it on sale at amazon and used rewards points on my credit card so it only cost me about $15. When I do a project I always seem to have alot of stills as well as video, for that reason I make several 3 or 4 minute clips saving them in mp4 format, then I stitch them together. That way if I'm well into the project & decide I want to make a change near the start It's no big deal, just change the one clip. Dave
The .ctg files are cannon catalog files used by canon cameras. They are not meant to be opened by users, but to be used internally by the camera.
The answer is Yes. All you have to do is hook up your mic or insert an audio file into the sound track under the video tracks in the timeline.
Yes, it can be used to rip video from many sources, including DVD's, but I use it to edit my own video that I have shot. Yes, it is easy to edit length, along with many other aspects, like color, clarity, speed and many other tweaks just like a good photo editor would and you can add other video, music, voice over, and photos with a nice moveable Picture-in-picture adding option. There is phone support available for an additional charge, but even better there are many YouTube tutorials and Corel training videos with print instructions available, all for free. I used these free videos & tutorials, along with Corel's Facebook link where other Corel Video Suite owners are very helpful with hints and tricks to help you create professional video footage. I recently used my software to create a television commercial to advertise an upcoming community charity drive to help support Wounded Warriors, last year our community donated over $70K to Hope For The Warriors.
Absolutely!! You can even have photos over video. I love this software!
Video Studio Pro XP cannot handle .mov files. You can use AVS Video Converter to convert the file to an .mpg format.
Yes you can put your videos on dvd from that software
Standalone. No need for previous versions.
I've made home movies with this software; it's user-friendly and imports media from a variety of formats. I do not think, however, it would be suitable for professional-level movie making.
I don't know but this program was extremely laggy in my machine and it kept crashing a big piece of junk.
I use a Nikon D5100 not sure how old your cameea is
As far as I know, it is only limited by what your disc can store (video), data wise.
The answer is Yes. All you have to do is hook up your mic or insert an audio file into the sound track under the video tracks in the timeline.
Yes, it can be used to rip video from many sources, including DVD's, but I use it to edit my own video that I have shot. Yes, it is easy to edit length, along with many other aspects, like color, clarity, speed and many other tweaks just like a good photo editor would and you can add other video, music, voice over, and photos with a nice moveable Picture-in-picture adding option. There is phone support available for an additional charge, but even better there are many YouTube tutorials and Corel training videos with print instructions available, all for free. I used these free videos & tutorials, along with Corel's Facebook link where other Corel Video Suite owners are very helpful with hints and tricks to help you create professional video footage. I recently used my software to create a television commercial to advertise an upcoming community charity drive to help support Wounded Warriors, last year our community donated over $70K to Hope For The Warriors.
Absolutely!! You can even have photos over video. I love this software!
Video Studio Pro XP cannot handle .mov files. You can use AVS Video Converter to convert the file to an .mpg format.
Yes you can put your videos on dvd from that software
Standalone. No need for previous versions.
I've made home movies with this software; it's user-friendly and imports media from a variety of formats. I do not think, however, it would be suitable for professional-level movie making.
I don't know but this program was extremely laggy in my machine and it kept crashing a big piece of junk.
I use a Nikon D5100 not sure how old your cameea is
As far as I know, it is only limited by what your disc can store (video), data wise.
Sorry, I can't help; I only used it to capture some stills.
I dont currently have windows 8, but it might be the file type of the video. Maybe try converting it to a different file type.
It is hard to answer this question directly since you are asking if you need something that does not and cannot exist. 'RCA' refers to a type of connector while 'USB' refers to a type of hardware-software interface. What you need is a device that converts audio and video to the USB standard required by VHS to DVD. I use a Honestech VIDBOX and I have always assumed that this was proprietary on the USB-software side although I realize now that I am not sure about this. Anyway, I would not attempt to use this software with anything other than a VIDBOX or some similar device that claims compatibility with the VHS to DVD software.
I have not noticed any. Most of mine average about 1:45.
It supports mp4 so you can sync or view the video on your iPad or Android tablets. mp4 feature buttons are located on the right-bottom corner via Advanced Mode UI.
I have Windows 8.1 and it installed just fine. I have not actually transferred a video yet but all of the elements seem to function just fine. Remember that Windows 8 is really Windows 7 on steroids.
You do not have to have a previous version for ver 7 to work.Copyright issues? Don't really understand what you are asking but 1) it will copy copy protected tapes 2) it does not place a copy protect on the disc 3) it does not give a license to copy copyrighted material.
Probably...I know it updates version 5.0, so there's a good chAnce that it will update version 3.0 as well.
Check to see if your audio line-in is turned on. Also, check the volume. It may be turned down. As a last resort, check your cables.
yes
You can mark the tracks, then the tracks for the second cd select them and remove them. Once you have burned the first cd, undo the tracks you removed and now remove the track that have already been burned - leaving the tracks for the second cd
I converted cassettes to mp3 very big project but I do not know about audio books
Unless the instrumentals and vocals were originally recorded on separate tracks, the answer is no. Magix is still a great piece of software.
Dear grantham. I get that too. Sorry I don't know.I wish I did.
You need to put cd in you computer then turn it off push the power button then tap the f1 KEY BEFOR THE WINDOWS START is should ask u how you want to boot you computer select the from cd option the computer need to boot from the cd for you to use it
it may clean some viruses, but it is primarily for access to registry.
I wouldn't know because the one I bought did not work for me.
First, I'm running Windows 7 and XP Professional. Second, I do not know what 'data' you want to reload and would need more details before I could provide a definite answer. That said, I consider myself an experienced computer user. I build computers, do repair, and load programs. I had a system crash which ended up being a failing hard drive and I could not find anything on this disk that would hep me.
I know your name and I believe you no the answer
It might or might not depending on the problem, the cd did not fix my problem, however it did correct problem on a friends computer. If the problem is caused by something like a bad component it will not, no way to say for certain except try it
didn't fix mine
I believe the boot cd could possibly fix any problem.It allows you into the heart of the computer,registry,etc.....,,,but it won't fix it for you........
it didn't work in either computer that I tried to use it On
I have not been able update my XP computer with this cd.
Hi Loren, in this instance I do not think it matters that there was no box. It might matter if you were purchasing the license from off the shelf of a retail store where others might have come into contact with the license and had an opportunity to copy it. But I think the only way you would experience a licensing issue here would be if your computer is already compromised (aka hacked) before installing/running Kaspersky which would not only jeopardize your newly purchased license but just about everything else on your computer as well. The only other way anyone could get your license would be for the hacker or hackers to try and hack Amazons servers. To put it mildly that is much easier said than done and I think volunteering to walk barefoot across hot coals might be a less painful and shorter (in duration) experience than the fines, jail time, and overall penalties associated with trying to hack Amazon or it's servers. On my system I added Kaspersky Pure 3.0 to a clean fresh install of Windows 7, and then ran a full scan with Kaspersky the moment it finished installing and then updating. I would recommend following that procedure to anyone installing any new Antivirus or internet security suite. I hope this helps! Happy computing! Robert
It is the best security software I have ever owned
Each Kaspersky has it's own codes. So even if someone sent you the codes they have, Kaspersky servers would read it as already used. I buy the disc for 3 or more computers, and each use is registered as installed seperately for each computer. amazon has the best purchase of Kaspersky, or you can download it from the internet, ( I've never done that). I prefer the security of self install, and the Kaspersky tech will help you for free any time you call the 800 number, there is no limit. Good luck
Kaspersky updates more often and allows customization of scanning, and if you are a gamer it is less resource intense. Which means more RAM for you to use.
The license in my case was for a year. Seller send me email too stating the correct period for license was not two years.
Yes, but it didn't download right for me it was probably my copy .
yes
Hi this will work on any PC and Laptop. Thanks!
Well, I didn't do that yet. I think there shouldn't be any problem re-installing the software on your machine. You just need to remember the product key. For re-installing, you need to download the software on your local machine and re-install the software again whenever you want and then you need enter product key that you have stored somewhere. Once all above steps are done, you are good to use the software again...Hope, this would help.
Yes
I upgraded at no cost, but the program locked up and I cannot get the program to work.
Yes, it works with Win 8.1. There seem to be no problems with it on the update system.
No you do not
No you can't. You can draw with Magna Studio.
My understanding is, anything you create can be used for anything you want.
You can but not directly. Motion artist publishes to HTML5 which can then be ported to PhoneGap and then create an iOS or Android app. I haven't done it myself but I don't see why it may not work.
You can add any wav or MP3 files. As far as text-to-speech, No.
Hmm good question maybe you should ask here https://support.smithmicro.com/
It's just not the current version but it is the full software
I'm sorry to say NO, at least is not guaranteed by the manufacturer that it will run on Windows Vista, in fact here's the link to the requirements: http://motionartist.smithmicro.com/motionartist-system-requirements.html hope this help.
Oino Spanish teaches the Spanish of Latin America...a graphic in the program shows a map of Latin America only.
We are indeed, still happy. Are we now speaking Spanish as we would like? No! But everyone who reads this will know who's fault that is.
Ouino is only compatible with Windows XP - 8 and Mac OS 10.5 - 10.8...It looks like Linux is unsupported which is what Android machines run on.
I believe it is for one user only, I do not see where it will let me set it up for different users.
No cd required. Don't need Internet for most functions once you download
Hello Amanda, thank you for your interest. Our program is a lot more than just a traveler's guide, Ouino will teach you a very strong foundation of the Spanish language. Like we say on our website, "you will gain knowledge of over 100 Spanish verbs, learn how to conjugate in 7 verb tenses, learn enough grammar to shape virtually any sentence, discover a massive amount of vocabulary, develop intermediate conversation skills and know how to pronounce most sounds in the Spanish language."
(From Amazon Questions: Ouino is only compatible with Windows XP - 8 and Mac OS 10.5 - 10.8...It looks like Linux is unsupported which is what Android machines run on.) I installed it on my MacBook Pro, was unable to install on my Kindle (see above); not sure about the operating system on your iPad.
It only seems to work off the downloaded CD.
We believe it's among the best. But keep in mind that we're also in our 70s. Best of luck.
You need a computer for now. I think they are working on mobile capabilities in future releases.
it didn't work
No, it's junk
It didn't work on my computer I even went on the website the disk come with a piece of paper that has the website on it and it still didn't work but the disk is only for resetting your password
To the best of my knowledge, no. I used it to remove forgotten password and that is exactly what it did. I was completely satisfied with the product which included online suport.
No it did not
Yes it will....make sure you follow the directions closely and it should work just fine for you.
no just follow instructions, put it on drive turn off pc and back on, select boot from disk
Sorry to be answering so late.The only thing I changed, that I remember is the boot order. I made sure it looked for the disk first. I also found that the company helped, they even responded with an email. Hope this helped.
It's usually on the outside of the cd envelope (front or back)
When you bring up ccleaner, pro system it gives you three options: 1- The system and the files 2- The regristy 3- Tools. #1 runs in about 30 seconds, then hit #2 (registry) and it takes about 1 minute to run. This cleans out both. I don't use #3.
YES, YOU GET FREE UPDATES.
no, but you can do a update just after you install it
no this help your computer wont damage any of your other sofa wear .
Yes, this is not an anti-virus program.
Hi Paul I don't see why not , 8.1 is only a slight upgrade, this is one of the best software cleaners I have used and is user friendly I bought the c/d on Amazon not Amazon UK and use it on all my computers at home, its a lot cheaper than downloading it
Lifetime, may not work down the road wth new OS's
It is unlimited for one year.
I had the same issue, thought I was going crazy. Check the envelope the cd came in, mine was printed on that.
Yes, all the forms are on a disc - you can personalize them and save and print.
Yes! Absolutely!
Hello... If you have Microsoft word or PDF software the HIPAA forms will be changeable. Any versions will work, updating your software is key. We do list that in our description so that you can manipulate using your existing programs. With a bit of update, you will be good to go to manipulate and customize the HIPAA forms to your liking. Once changes, you will be able to use those for years. Thank you HIPAA made EASY help desk
Approximately one hour. Anyone who needs HIPAA training. It has great content, but also contains extraneous information that could have been left out and makes it 10 minutes or so too long. Unfortunately, it is sprinkled throughout the video, so you can't avoid or skip it. I think the creators of the video should have their editing team go through and leave out the parts that do not apply to a general audience and provide that separately for training. The video they send is best suited for the Privacy Officer who will be using and editing their materials.
Mary, I purchased this from a Business Associate view - it is way more than I need because it set up for a healthcare facility. Needless to say, it has everything we need keep us in compliance. This manual provides all of the forms you need in word/pdf so that you can manipulate them for your needs. The Training cd is a bonus. Unfortunately I can not send you the table of contents but can tell you, this is pretty much everything you need.
yes it does and now my company can and will do trainings to help any company that could use our help. just contact us at humanoutsource@highland.net Thanks
Yes
No it's dose not allow you make a video using the green screen as a picture background, It only work with green screen photo/ using layers from Photoshop.
No.
Yes it does work on windows 8 and it's a very easy program to use
Yes. It is a 5'x7' soft screen with command hooks.
Yes, it only edit the background. Also, if you are a pro with editing background this is a waste of money. It's best you get the Pro version, to make your pictures more real and professional. This version doesn't have all the effects.
Yes it's compatible with Windows 7
I use it on Windows 7
I use it on 2 different computers i have no problems at all with it . If you do run into a problem just make sure the other pc is not running. But i run both of mine ok so fare .
I'll check my box for you today & post the answer
If you purchased a boxed set, insert the disc into your pc -- it should self-start (Autoplay)-- if not, browse the CD and double-click the .exe file. If the User Account box opens click Continue. When the Welcome box opens click Next, read the Agreement and click Accept. Enter the serial number when asked.Choose Complete as a setup option. Follow the instructions and click Finish. You may have to restart when setup is complete.
sorry, i don't have window 8. As far as fix it utlities goes i'll never buy it again. unable to install
version 14
Yes you can as long as you don't use antivirus and anti malware modules that are in fix it
Under the impression it's good forever on the pc you downloaded it to, however customer service is only good for a year.
Go to your control panel and click on User Accounts, then click on "Create a password for your account" -- you will be asked for the new password, key it in, confirm it and that should do it.
Preferably a drawing tablet...but a mouse and keyboard will do. A dedicated graphics card would probably be a bit more helpful than the on-board graphics.
You can re download through web site just make sure to but activation key and receipt is safe place. I put mine in the Disk holder I keep all hard disks in.
You cannot install software on a Chromebook, so that is a major decision you have to make. A Chromebook is a web computer, so you can do many things with it, on the web. Google has a "Chrome Store" that has 'apps' you can install inside the Chromebook's web browser, but it's not installed ON the Chromebook. They are more like plug-ins (add-ons) than "programs". As for Autodesk Sketchbook Pro 6, if you cannot find satisfaction with it's closest web-based alternative, http://pixlr.com/editor/, then you're best to buy a Windows computer at the best price you can find. I don't know of any other alternatives that would work on a Chromebook, aside from pixlr.
Not sure, haven't tried shortcut keys or hot keys. primarily used with tablet.
This is for Windows or Mac OS, it is not for an iPad. There is a version of Sketchbook for the Ipad from the Apple App Store, but it is not the same as this.
It doesn't merge the layers on a close even if it's a crash. The layers get merged when you export to a particular format like .png or .jpg....at least in my experience so far. It's a really easy to use program, I love it so far with my Intuos Pro!
I just looked it up again and Insee that it's $28 if you have a Prime membership and $59 if you don't. From what I see, that's the same for either a disc or download. I prefer the download for two reasons: 1. The software key and download link are stored for you through Amazon and 2. It's easier to install across multiple platforms. Again, I am seeing the difference in the price if you are a Prime member or not, I don't see anywhere else where it's different. I might not be looking at the same thing you are....
Sorry, I don't know. I have windows 7 and didn't have any issues at all. Hopefully someone else will know!
I'm running a 64 bit Windows 8.1 ASUS, and the program worked well enough on it.
I am not 100% sure that it will, but I do believe that it will work I don't see why not.
Alisha,if you're not able to find your administrator sign-in then contact TechJunkies, they'll be able to help you. I had the same trouble and they were able to fix the problem. It all depends on your operating system, Tech Junkies will take care of it.
I have the Cricut Expression and it works fine. But I think it said on the Sure Cute A Lot web site that they changed the programs where they will not work with newer cricuts. Sorry I hope this helped.
There is no serial number because this is a hacked/stolen version of the software. Legal copies of the software haven't been available since May 2011 as a result of the lawsuit by Provo Craft.
There is a disc sent to install the software but there aren't any extra downloads included with this listing for the cartridges. However, I get them from www.svgcuts.com and I also make my own images using Adobe Illustrator. I hope this answers your question.
I am pretty sure it is a copy.
No, I'm sorry...unfortuneatley it does not.
Interesting question...I can't say for sure but after installation; it did not work fill blowed and maybe it was nothing to do with it, but I had pay $300.00 to get a virus off my computer.
Yes, the only thing you need to make sure of is that your Cricuit firmware is 2.43 and below. This firmware is typically found in the older, original Cricuits.
When you turn on your Cricut machine, the display will show which firmware version is currently loaded on your Cricut machine. Sure Cuts A Lot requries version 1.1 or 1.3-1.35 for Cricut Personal machines; version 2.1 or 2.3-2.35 for Cricut Expression/Cake machines; version 1.51-1.54 for Cricut Create/Cake Mini machines. Sure Cuts A Lot version 2 will still work with Cricut machines as long as you don't upgrade the Cricut firmware past its compatible versions. This was a great program but due to a lawsuit by Cricut, Craft Edge was forced to change the compatibly in version 3. I think that was the only real change they made.
I have no idea why they put the MAC picture on there. When I looked at the product features, it says, *Compatible with Windows XP, Windows Vista, Windows 7 and Windows 8 (NOT MAC COMPATIBLE)
Hello - You should be able to enter the serial number into your current installation as long as it is the same product, AutoCAD 2014 LT. For example, an LT license will not work for the full AutoCAD version.
It works perfectly on Windows 64-bit with 8GB RAM.
Autodesk allows you to install it on two computers - as long as they will not be in use at the same time.
Bonnie, I have it on two of my computers for my business and it works great on that version.
I have Mavericks and Sketchbook Pro 6 works beautifully.
Hey Pierce, Im not sure what your asking? Are you asking how well SBP can bring in a image? If your able scan a sketch, then whatever the res of your scanner settings is how the image will be imported....I have a Kodak ESP 7250 (cheap printer & scanner combo) and I haven't had any trouble at all.. Cheers and good luck, Keep sketching.
It does work super well with Mac, depending what tool you are syncing wiith you can get the best of it...
Absolutely!!! I use it on my MacBook Pro so...
A graphics tablet is the best. Second best would be a mouse, specifically one rated for precision. Gaming mice work well. I have never had any good luck drawing with a trackpad on a laptop. They are not very precise.
Hi Richie, the software is pretty much legal all over the world. It is just that on our end, we have certain limitations that does not give us the capability to ship outside the US. Thanks, PCrush
Yes. We've done this multiple times. The program "calls home" to activate and will only allow so many automatically without having to call Autodesk directly to reset your S/N.
LT stands for light....no 3D. It can open a 3D AutoCAD file, but you can only view it in 2D.
Jim, You can do either. I work as a tele-data, electronic security, and fire alarm designer/estimator. In some cases I was able to find industry standard symbols which I saved in to a legend template. Those that I couldn't find I created. I also created blocks from these symbols to make it easy to add text, such as circuit IDs, addresses, etc. As I upgraded from 2011 to 2014 the symbols, blocks, and legends went along. I use both the full and LT versions. I am able to move back and forth between them. No problems. Like mine, your industry has loads of symbols too. I suggest you search the web for electrical symbols to save yourself the time it takes to draw them. Good luck. I hope this answer is of some help to you. Cheers~
Hi Benny, Yes it does. Thanks, PCrush
You won't want to go with a machine that is slow and has little storage space unless you are using Autocad occasionally. Get a good video card and fast processor.
I recommend you contact AutoDesk technical support. Version 2009 may be past activation date, which, I believe, is three years. They may be able to help you with an activation code that gets around the date problem or tell you to return it to the place of purchase.
I have used LT for years once you buy a seat that's it, but only on one machine. I don't know about the subscription but I would imagine it to be the same.
the software can provide plans for anything in 2 dimension. the quality of the plans/sections/details is solely generated by the skill level of the person driving the mouse. the software generates views in real time, full size. items can be detailed to a fraction of an inch and printed as such, providing the operator is familiar with scaling. will it create full house blueprints and sections ?........no, it will not 'create' plans, it WILL allow a skilled user to create drawings for anything. I hope this answers your question.
The license includes support and updates for one year. After that you must buy maintenance. That said, the software doesn't stop working on the workstation on which it's installed. If after some year or two after that if you try to remove it and reinstall it on another workstation, you will have to buy an upgrade. Please check with AutoDesk for details.
Hi Richie, the software is pretty much legal all over the world. It is just that on our end, we have certain limitations that does not give us the capability to ship outside the US. Thanks, PCrush
Yes. We've done this multiple times. The program "calls home" to activate and will only allow so many automatically without having to call Autodesk directly to reset your S/N.
LT stands for light....no 3D. It can open a 3D AutoCAD file, but you can only view it in 2D.
Jim, You can do either. I work as a tele-data, electronic security, and fire alarm designer/estimator. In some cases I was able to find industry standard symbols which I saved in to a legend template. Those that I couldn't find I created. I also created blocks from these symbols to make it easy to add text, such as circuit IDs, addresses, etc. As I upgraded from 2011 to 2014 the symbols, blocks, and legends went along. I use both the full and LT versions. I am able to move back and forth between them. No problems. Like mine, your industry has loads of symbols too. I suggest you search the web for electrical symbols to save yourself the time it takes to draw them. Good luck. I hope this answer is of some help to you. Cheers~
Hi Benny, Yes it does. Thanks, PCrush
You won't want to go with a machine that is slow and has little storage space unless you are using Autocad occasionally. Get a good video card and fast processor.
I recommend you contact AutoDesk technical support. Version 2009 may be past activation date, which, I believe, is three years. They may be able to help you with an activation code that gets around the date problem or tell you to return it to the place of purchase.
I have used LT for years once you buy a seat that's it, but only on one machine. I don't know about the subscription but I would imagine it to be the same.
the software can provide plans for anything in 2 dimension. the quality of the plans/sections/details is solely generated by the skill level of the person driving the mouse. the software generates views in real time, full size. items can be detailed to a fraction of an inch and printed as such, providing the operator is familiar with scaling. will it create full house blueprints and sections ?........no, it will not 'create' plans, it WILL allow a skilled user to create drawings for anything. I hope this answers your question.
The license includes support and updates for one year. After that you must buy maintenance. That said, the software doesn't stop working on the workstation on which it's installed. If after some year or two after that if you try to remove it and reinstall it on another workstation, you will have to buy an upgrade. Please check with AutoDesk for details.
Yes. It should, If not then just go back to Amazon and redownload it. When I purchased mine back in February, 2014, I was on a 32bit Windows Vista system. I have since bought a new computer, 64 bit that ran Windows 8.0. I just upgraded to 8.1 last week and went back to Amazon.com to re-install my TurboCAD Designer. It downloaded and ran just fine so far. Once you purchase a download software Amazon keeps it on file for you in case you need to re-install and such. So if you do have a problem upgrading to 8.1 just do a clean re-install of your TurboCAD.
TC20 uses Tool Bars that can be arranged across the top, down the sides, across the bottom, or at any convenient location on your screen. Comparing it to MS Office is difficult, but I might just be being pedantic. I did however find TC20 more intuitive than MS Office.
TURBOCAD 20 DESIGNER SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS 32-bit System Requirements: Microsoft Windows 8*, Windows 7, Windows Vista**, Windows XP** - 1GB RAM 64-bit System Requirements: Microsoft Windows 8* 64-bit, Windows 7 64-bit, Vista 64-bit - 2 GB RAM * TurboCAD 20 is designed for desktops or laptops that meet the indicated system requirements. At the present time Windows RT technology for use on tablets is not supported. ** 32-bit version of TurboCAD Designer 20 should run on XP and Vista platforms; however, these platforms are no longer being officially supported. Recommended: Your experience with TurboCAD 20 Designer will be greatly enhanced with a newer generation, higher speed CPU, 4+ GB RAM, and larger display resolution and graphics support.
Hi Jane, I hope what follows will help in your purchase of this software. I saved it to my hard drive with no problems noted. I am willing to say that you can save or back-up the program to a DVD or other drive that you desire with no problems that I can see. The software is still available to me on Amazon for download with the serial number. I purchased it Oct 2013. I use it for design work for my CNC work that I do and the manufacture uses in their online classes. As far as I can tell this Designer 2D is a full working copy and I actually downloaded a trial copy Designer 19 prior to purchasing Designer 20. Good luck...there are a number of videos on this program and the help function gave me what I needed. I have two monitors so I would watch and follow the videos in learning the program.
I have the same question.
The single user license for this program can legally be installed only on one computer. When I purchased it, I saved the installation program to my computer and then installed rather than click run during the download. That way, I have a copy to reinstall should I need to in the future. With your license code, you should be able to download another copy from Wondershare for backup.
I never Checked the Audio until right now when you wrote asking about the Audio I have done hundreds of Movies with this Progam. I don't burn any DVDs with this program if thats what your talking about on the audio I just Convert the files to what I call VOB files ready to be burnt to DVD at a Later Time then I use Wondershare Video Converter Ultimate to Make Movies into HD Format but if I want to burn a DVD I still won't use there program I use Lg DVD Copy Pro to burn DVDs and mine comes out just fine. This is a great program I have to admit to make a File for a DVD to be Burnt to Disc because I have tried other Programs I know this is the best Lg makes 1 click DVD copy and DvD Copy Pro then I burn the DVD from the File I know that the file this Program makes is right as far as sound and Video goes. Maybe it doesn't burn a DVD with sound but I never tried and I never wanted the program to ever do that for me when I went looking for a program like this because like I said I already Use a great program to Burn DVDs and that is LG DVD Copy Pro and this program makes the file right to be burned but I don't use that feature only the file making part. I know to go out to spend another 80 bucks on a great program that only Burns Dvds kinda sucks unless you already had it like I do it's Called LG Software Innovations 1 click Dvd Copy Pro it's the best burning program you can get I only use HP DVD-R Disks I buy off Amazon but after you have that setup of programs you have got everything you need for life.
Yes, by far
love it!
Don't know. I tried to use the program. but it is not too friendly, so I am using my old program to make movies.
I have no idea.. it was a terrible waste of money.. and I've never used it.. I did try when I first ordered it but never did work properly.
Yes
I don't have windows 8, but I googled it and it said they were compatible
There are several questions about filling in PDFs and every answer says to convert to word. That works, but the questioners may be asking another, more subtle question: can you create FILLABLE PDFS. The answer is yes. You need to enable non protected fields just like macros. Frankly, this works much better on Adobe even though I love Wondershare, but it can be done if you have some programming skill. This is creating a fillable form with the software, not just a read only PDF document. Some computers and browsers won't accept certain formats for fill ins because a common virus uses "read only" files to bypass security, but actually contains executable PE's, drivers or .exes embedded in the fill boxes. It can be tricky to disable execution but allow fill ins! IF THIS QUESTION is asking, can you directly access and edit the existing PDF, the answer is it depends on the security settings when you create the document. You can choose it to be editable when you save. If you are asking the tougher question: can you edit a pdf someone previously created as read only, the answer is it depends on the version they used and your skill. One trick is to use control-c after a select all instead of the mouse, as no-copy code often fails with control c but works with the mouse. Another example: with Google books, you only get a "hand" on a document and can't even select the text. BUT, if you take a screen shot, then separate the layers in photoshop, you can even copy and edit those. There is always a way, but some take a LOT of skill.
There are several questions about filling in PDFs and every answer says to convert to word. That works, but the questioners may be asking another, more subtle question: can you create FILLABLE PDFS. The answer is yes. You need to enable non protected fields just like macros. Frankly, this works much better on Adobe even though I love Wondershare, but it can be done if you have some programming skill. This is creating a fillable form with the software, not just a read only PDF document. Some computers and browsers won't accept certain formats for fill ins because a common virus uses "read only" files to bypass security, but actually contains executable PE's, drivers or .exes embedded in the fill boxes. It can be tricky to disable execution but allow fill ins!
According to the website you can. Check the sales faqs on their website
I use Office Enterprise 2007 on Windows 7 and XP
I did not register this software. I assume it was already used on someone else's computer. I only needed to load this on one computer (says good for 3), but I did have to call and provide the registration number before it worked. I only conversed with a recording.
Yes with no problems. There are three licenses with the enterprise version so you can use on three family or friends computers.
All the programs are full use.
yes
No mine has been working fine with no issues.
Yes it can. Thanks!
I have Toshiba laptop with Window 8 and did install Microsoft office 2007 with no problems
Yes, Word, Excel, Publisher, Outlook, PowerPoint, and Access, I believe.
The version I bought is advertised for use on up to 3 computers. However, I have not been able to download load the program so I can't comment on whether it even works. I hate to spend more money but my only option at this point is to take my computer, and the discs, to a local IT group. :-(
This is a 2 DVD disk set, one for 32 bit, one for 64 bit installation. A separate credit-card sized "Product Key" is included. Have not had time to install yet. Still running XP!
It includes both 32bit and 64bit - two DVDs and product key. But it is upgrade only - if you currently have 32bit XP or Win7, you cannot change to 64bit.
I cannot answer this. I installed on PC running Windows 8.1. You should be able to go to the Microsoft website and inquire about Vista application.
only 1 pc. wish it were household.
I can only say that I put this on my computer that had xp...I believe that the upgrade actually caused a fatal error...I wouldn't go past windows 7 upgrade if I had an older computer...my computer although pretty much problem free was 8 years old...
Both. The package contains 2 DVDs - one with for the 32-bit version (x86) and one for the 64-bit version (x64). The included license key works for either one, but it can only be used once.
The one I received had a "legal" product key... meaning it was accepted by Microsoft when I activated the installation ...
Retail
Yes. I have it loaded on that now.
No, Not that I have found.
I don't use windoze 8 but checking the company's site they say it is compatible with Windoze 8.
No
I'm not at my computer but I think it does. If not foxit reader is free and it allows you to view and print any PDF either through its program or the foxit PDF printer driver. File center is an excellent program and I does save files in searchable PDF.
I am using a Brother laser printer, copier, and fax. I have no problem at all scanning to my computer with this softer. I hope this helps. Gene Coombs
Yes to both.
I use it with a brother printer and scanner that will print on both sides and has a sheet feed scanner. My scanner does not scan double sided documents without reloading, though. So, if your asking if the software can handle double sided scanning, I see no reason that it could not since that is a hardware issue. If your scanner can scan double sided, the information will be sent to document center in that order. I hope that helps. By the way, I think the software is excellent.
I'm pretty sure buried somewhere in the fine print of that 800 word "End-User Agreement" is a single CPU clause, no doubt couple with a web based serial# registration....so I'd say no from a legal/ethical pov
I use a pc so I am not sure about Mac. But I do love the program. You might contact the makers of the program at http://www.lucion.com/ Good luck.
I am sorry, but I cannot specifically answer your question. I have both Paperport Professional 14 File Center. I have my problems with Paperport shutting down sometimes, but have found it much more functional than File Center. I came back to PaperPort after buying and trying File Center.
FileCenter OCR button - under both the manage and edit tabs there is an OCR button next to, but separate from the scan button. Click on a file, then on the OCR button, then click recognize text and you are presented several ways to handle the file OCR output. FileCenter typically creates the scanned image and overlays it with the OCR file if you chose that option when scanning. Using this option, the OCR file is not visible, but is associated with the file you scanned or ran OCR on.
Works for Windows 7. Don't know about Vista.
In all the years I have used the software it has never failed to work with any scanner we had. I would be very surprised if you have a scanner that will not work. If by chance you do have an issue they are great to work with and would never leave you high and dry.
Yes. You can combine or split PDF files using this software.
You can edit and create PDFs within file center
Yes it works with Windows 8 and 8.1. It's a great program. I use it to scan and organize my life in the cloud.
I installed on 2 computers with one purchase of the downloaded software. I can't remember what the limit was though.
I can't say in your exact situation but in order for File Center to work with our HP scanner we were required to load the entire software package from HP. If your Canon software doesn't run on Win 64 then I wouldn't hold out much hope. File Center is finicky when it comes to which drivers it will work with. Honestly, I'm not certain how useful file center is. I can scan docs to a PDF directly from my scanner to a network folder. File Center doesn't really automate anything.
Yes it does and let me add this application is far and away superior to PaperPort. I cannot be more emphatic about that. FileCenter is a solid, quick, reliable software. PaperPort is none of those.
Yes! You can resize the foreground photo and move it up, down, left, and right. The foreground can be as large or tiny as you like. You can do the same with the background. Everything is adjustable. I'm loving this software.
It will work with blue
PhotoKey 6 can monitor a hot folder for incoming photos from some other application - for example, we use it with Canon's EOS software, which automatically downloads the photos from the camera and stores them into a folder on the computer. PhotoKey 6 monitors that folder, and will display new images as they arrive on the computer. When you are done doing the chroma key, overlay, etc., the output from PhotoKey is a PNG, which you can save wherever you like.
Hi, sorry, there are no other language options with this product, English only.
Yes it works with lr 3 n u have to take pic I front of s green screen
This is a stand alone product. Be sure to have a good key. It definitely helps when it comes time to removing the background and replacing with one of the graphics.
Yes
Yes one of my friends is using on his laptop and it's working good
You have to send an email to sales@tubetape.com. Include your Amazon purchase number, they will send you a registration serial number. There should be a little piece of paper in with your CD that explains this.
Hello, that would be correct. You can install on 3 computers as long as they meet system requirements. Tupe Tape is a reseller of our, if you have further questions please direct questions to Tube Tape. Thank you, FXHOME
Yes. The installation will ask you to insert the version 10 CD to verify that you have it.
Dragon Medical 9.x and 10.x only I believe.
Hi Sheila. With Dragon Medical Practice Edition II, each user would need their own license of the software. If you have more than one user sharing a PC, we can configure Dragon so that multiple users can use the same computer, as long as each has their own license. Feel free to contact us at 888-831-0088 for more details.
Yes, this product will upgrade both Dragon Medical 10 and Dragon Medical Practice Edition 1.
Yes you can use this upgrade, to upgrade from the previous version, if your previous version is 10.1 or higher.
Yes. We can email you a link to download the upgrade.
Yes. And it is a bit glitchy during the upgrade. May need to make more than one attempt.
If you possess Dragon Medical 9 or previous, you will need to purchase a full license of Dragon Medical Practice Edition 2. As Nuance certified Dragon Medical resellers we are only allowed to let customers upgrade from two versions back. On the plus side if you purchase from a **certified** reseller you will be provided with support.
Yes-on my Surface Pro.
Facts First: The new installation is driven by a program, a program that needs an operating system to execute. So the installation DVD must have the vmlinuz on it (the compressed Linux kernel) and must have the grub (kernel loader). Upon startup, BIOS decides which device has boot program (grub), typically BIOS has a booting sequence (user changable) DVD ; hard disk or perhaps "pen drive". Which ever device is present, must have a boot program, if not the device is skipped. If the device has boot program (grub) it must also have vmlinuz for grub to load it. It seems that your device has grub, but not the compressed kernel "vmlinuz"
Jonathan, You "may not" have enough memory to run "it". Seems to me my 4 GB (previously Windows 7) was the minimum it would run on. Try it on "auto-run/install" and confirm or not.
Yes
Yes just make sure you have Google Chrome as your primary web browser, download it to Chrome and you should be set. Also look into the latest Silverlight program.
try Borlands website,see if they have the finished c/c++,should be free.Or go to Kylix and see if their c/c++ clone is up and running,also free.lastly check the repositories in vdk builder2,another clone project.good luck.try ubuntu forums lots of smart people doing lots of smart stuff.
the PCEye go comes with tobii gaze interaction software that is all you need to do what you need. I use the equipment for a year and not buy any additional software.
The distance suggested by the manufacturer is between 45 and 90 cm. Hope this helps.
yes, 2 year warranty and 30 day return
The PCEye Go includes the needed software on a thumb drive.
not sure but it's eye controlled not verbal.
Lightroom compliments the digital camera and gives you the capabilities of a well equipped wet darkroom. For example: * The camera is set for daylight, Lightroom adjusts the image temperature like using "indoor" film for fluorescent lights or studio lights. * You shoot creating "raw" and "jpg" images, jpg goes right to facebook, raw (which has more information) is used to create that frame-able, award winning print. * You adjust a raw print, Lightroom saves the changes (not the whole image) and the original image. This saves a lot of computer space if you have a dozen variations of the same image. * In the old dark room, you used light (time and intensity) to burn and dodge a print to bring out details in the shadows and washed out feaures. In LR you use your mouse or finger (touch screen). Ditto for tones like sepia and solarization. LR can do pixilation. Try that with an enlarger. * Like the old negative file system. LR stores your `raw' or jpg images in a system of your choice. You can create cross reference list such as "beach photos" or "cute D. coriacea faces" to find your beach or sea turtle pictures without making copies in different directories. It's like use file cards but without the hassle. Changes are not made to the originals (like you can't change a negative) * Of course you can crop, adjust contrast, color, tone, vignette, control convergence, combination print, make contact(proof) sheets, and most of the wet darkroom techniques. Of course with the full-blown Photoshop you can do all this, but LR is for the photographer and is easier on the wallet. I recommend that you take a LR class from a professional photographer. It will be worth every penny. Also check out some of the articles in Outdoor Photographer http://www.outdoorphotographer.com and in particular the article on how to use lightroom (http://www.outdoorphotographer.com/how-to/photoshop-and-other-software/use-lightroom-like-a-darkroom.html) like a darkroom.
The quick answer is no, you do not need the subscription. LightRoom can be a stand alone software that doesn't require the subscription. The $10 subscription is called the photographers bundle and includes Photoshop as well as Lightroom for those that want to do more with their images than LR can like making composites. The subscription also allows for the periodoc updates that occur with software to continually keep everything up to date. It's a good deal if you want PS as well as LR but don't need or want the other programs that are in the creative suite. The creative suite is the only other way to get PS now(it's no longer sold as a stand alone option) and is $50/month or more. With all that info, Adobe has a version of LR that is available for tablets(iPads right now) but that does need to be associated with the subscription.
I know the lay out a little bit already after learning some of the Photoshop Elements layout. I haven't found it too complicated and here is the reason. I watched about 20 hrs. of Tutorials on You Tube and adobe TV. Anthony Morganti, Tim Grey, Robert Rodriquez Jr. (make sure it's Jr.) and others I can't remember the name of right this minute. There is a lady on Adobe TV (free too) that goes through the whole program, one thing at a time. B & H puts free tutorials on You Tube to promote sales. I just sat and watched them "develop" their pictures and enjoyed it. After awhile I became familiar with the program tools for developing and can do quite a bit with it just from watching other people work. It's a great program. Photoshop will do a lot of stuff that Lightroom won't do and Lightroom does a really good job bringing out the best in your photo's. I would say you probably are going to need both programs eventually. If you shop around you can find Lightroom for around a hundred and Elements for a little less. Both compliment each other nicely. Lightroom was the most important for me and it's not a pixel editor so it is non-destructive to the images. Photoshop Elements will allow you to play with the photo's, copy and past thing form one picture into another, edit badly damaged photo's and a whole lot of stuff. Lightroom allows color manipulation, sharpening, all kinds of enhancements to you pictures. I think it was pretty easy to learn the way I did it. Just watching videos until I understood the basics, then playing with it, then going back and watching specific tutorials on certain things when I need to.
I scanned an interview old photo that was taken in the 50's. I then imported to Lightroom and worked on the picture to clean it up. It worked wonderfully!
I bought Lightroom 5 as a DVD a couple months ago through Amazon. I hadn't heard that Adobe wasn't making them anymore. I have heard that companies want to go to Download only. I kind of like to have the DVD in my hand and if I'm not downloading something I'm not getting stuff I don't want, so far anyway. I just looked up Lightroom 5 on Amazon and I see there are DVD's available for around $110.00. I really like the program. I watched a lot of tutorials on You Tube and Adobe TV that have been a big help and I bought "Lightroom 5 book for digital photographers" by Scott Kelby for reference, also from Amazon. I'm happy.
You may install this installation on 3 machines, though Adobe would have the most accurate information regarding the use of the license.
Regular photos cannot be manipulated much because the camera is doing it for you. Raw format allows you to play with all the colors and contrasts as much a possible
You can download install and activate on up to two of your personal computers. The license is cross platform and the serial # or sign-in works for both Mac and Win.
Yes, I have The Adobe Photoshop "Lightroom5 book for digital photographers by Scott Kelby... the book breaks the software down and leads you through set up and use...
Yes! No problem.
Yes. All versions of Lightroom qualify for the upgrade to LR 5.
You are going to like LR5 after using LR3. The prevailing idea in the photo community is to leave the older version on your computer until you have installed LR5. I always leave the "older" program on for a week or so after installing the update, unless the directions specifically say to uninstall first or right after installing the new version. Hope this helps
Yes. I use it all the time on win 8 operating system
No. Only the hard copy (DVD).
I purchased this product on June 16, 2013 betting that it would contain both the PC and the Mac versions... and it does. Hope that helps.
LR2 is exactly what I had and what kept me from upgrading for menu years was the fact that I needed an Intel Mac in order to upgrade. Well, I finally recovered enough from the depression of2009 to buy a new computer and upgrading to LR 5 was one of the main pushing elements to do so. The answer is that LR 2 is not too old to upgrade to LR5, but your computer may be.
Yes, cd is included. You can download from adobe and use the key provided if you do not have a cd drive.
Perhaps someone can forward you the precise wording from the license agreement, but it allows me to have one installed on my desktop, and one on my laptop. Since I'm the only one using it, I only use one at a time, and this meets their stated policy.
I purchased this product on June 16, 2013 betting that it would contain both the PC and the Mac versions... and it does. Hope that helps.
I purchased this product on June 16, 2013 betting that it would contain both the PC and the Mac versions... and it does. Hope that helps.
So far I have installed it on 2 different laptops with no difficulty.
It has a disc of the software. After purchase you have to "apply" for the liscense code. It is easy. Took less than 24hrs. Just had to email them a copy of my school registration. Directions are included.
It's compatable with windows 7 service pack 1. Here is a link to determine your service pack http://pcsupport.about.com/od/windows7/ht/windows-7-service-pack.htm
Lightroom is powerful software that a professional can use yet easy enough for a novice to master the fundamentals. It is a stripped down version of Adobe Photoshop. How much do you shoot? Do you shoot in RAW? If you shoot a lot- the workflow can help you cut time out of post-processing. If you shoot in RAW- it is a must. Best advice is to go to Adobe's Lightroom tutorial section- if you like what the software can do- you should buy it.
I don't think so. The only difference would be the price. If you are a certified teacher or student you will get a better price.
I'm a tech, so I ALWAYS get a "hard" copy of the software I buy. You never know if something will hiccup and you need to reload your software. It's just a preference I have. Also, one of window's updates thru my Lightroom 5 into a tizzy. When I open the application now I right-click on the desktop icon and click on "Run as Administrator". It works....just a heads up! Love the program!!!
It is not a plug in. It is part of the program.
Yes.
Was curious myself. So called Adobe support. an hour later... got them to tell me to google "NCES global locator" - then look for NYIP. Basically if it's not on the list - it doesn't qualify for student discount or student versions. I looked for NYIP, New York Institute of Photography, New York (got list - no NYIP), and finally Photography. Again no NYIP. Half price, but if you can't activate it... Off to buy the full version!
Supported Operating Systems are: -Windows 7, 8, or 8.1 (Not compatible with Vista or older) -Mac OS 10.7 (Lion) or above
The Fruity Edition basically just gives you the ability to save your projects. I was kind of in the same boat as you. Although it does come with FL Plugins (Something like that) that don't say DEMO. I kind of like to use FL Keys and FL Slayer personally. So, what it boils down to if you want a certain plugin (that says DEMO) you have to buy it off the Image-Line website.
This absolutely does not work on Mac. Read the platforms up top in the description.
Yes.
Hey, No you can't record vocals with this version, but with creativity you'll still put this to good use. You can still get this version and purchase the vocals software on fl studio though. Hope I helped some.
Well, it is a full version but has limitations because its the lowest (or cheapest) version you can buy. Many of the plugins that you get with it are only demos to try out. Then if you find a demo you like, you can buy it from the Image Line FL studio website. What I have mostly been doing with this version is going online and looking for loops, pads, side chains, and riffs, and putting them together to make songs. There are limitations with this version, like not being able to drag loops from your library on to the Playlist for instance. The producer edition has no limitations to my knowledge. Well anyways, what I would recommend you do is get this version if you wanna make music but don't know where to start, learn it; then upgrade it to producer edition online on the Image-line Fl Studio Website. You'll save $20-$40. Good Luck and have fun (^_^)
No, you do not need a midi keyboard.
Not with Fruity Edition I don't think, but if you get Fruity Edition you can upgrade to Producer Edition later by buying and using an Fl Extension Box. Producer edition lets you record audio into the program, just make sure your sound card and computer will work with Asio4All drivers. Long story short, it's not the best for recording in my opinion, at least it's never worked for me.
Yes
Yes, and no?! It would depend on what you are looking to do. If you have an acoustic drum set and you just want to record to wav. file you would be fine just using audacity to do that. If you have a digital drum kit that can output midi data then you can connect it to your computer via an adapter, if it doesn't have a built in USB port to device. The one thing I cannot tell you is how to get fl studio set up to read the midi data as separate channels for your different pieces of your kit. Hope this gives you an idea of what to look at. You might have to youtube and see if anyone shows a how-to on setup for drum kits. Keep in mind too that if you do use midi data you will not get the same sound as your kit unless you buy high quality samples or a vst that matches your kit.
Yes
Yes
Hi you need to purchase the Signature Bundle which comes with Sytrus mac
The size of production possibilities Is close to unmeasurable; the size of the box is about the length and width of a peice of printing paper, the height is about 3 inches, the actual content inside of image line box is a small manual for instruction and the programs cd.
Yes it does.
You have to uninstall from first computer
You can make every type of track with any DAW, it is just a matter of preference, which one you use. If you would like to record your own parts for your track, go for the Producer. The fruity only lets you compose and arrange, no recording. I am a signed producer/remixer and my production is mostly sample-based but every now and then I record guitars, wind intruments, vocals... so the producer version comes in handy.
Out of the top DAWs (Digital audio workstation) FL is my favorite because it's the easiest to understand in my opinion. And Image Line has toooonnnsss of tutorials on YouTube that can get you started in 10 minutes. I definitely recommend it
what you need to do is read the first few pages of your manual. The manual gives you step by step instructions.
No this is for Windows version only
It should be get signature bundle way better
FL Studio is still currently in beta for Mac OSX but could possibly be finished by the time FL 12 comes out. Regardless you can download the mac OSX installer off the image-line website. I would suggest trying the demo as its freely available.
Are you talking about the plugins that come with the bundle or individual plugins that you buy alone? If you're talking about the ones that come with it, then yes, because you have a lifetime free update and you should be able to access all of them. If you're talking individual ones, yes. You can add them to FL when you get them.
Despite if they are the same, The only thing I guess that academic bundle doesn't give is this (Audio editing and manipulation including pitch correction, pitch shifting, harmonization, time-stretching, beat-detection & slicing, audio warping and standard audio manipulation) &lt;--- that is what the Image Line Softwate Bundel gives you besides the academic one. As long as that description shows :)
Here, I hope this help :) http://support.image-line.com/knowledgebase/base.php?ans=72
Yes they can
Any laptop will be just find. Ecxept the apple ones. (This is ones my opinion because I does not like thare brand at all) It will depend one which one and what kind of laptop are you looking for. But yeah. I have and Asus republic of gaming and it does the job quite good. :) P.s. I recommend a good high pc or laptop that has the capability to support this kind of program with a good sound card system.
Yes it does..... Do not use the cd, the box has a key that gives you the key, and also tells you what to do :) P.s. enjoy.... is worth it :)
From Image-Line's website (http://image-line.com/flstudio): 2Ghz Intel Pentium 4 / AMD Athlon 64 (or later) compatible CPU with full SSE2 support. The faster your CPU and more cores it has the more you will be able to do simultaneously. Download and test the demo! 32 or 64 Bit versions of Windows 8, Windows 7, Vista, XP (with service pack 3) (or) Intel Mac with Boot Camp / Windows. Running XP (with service pack 3), Vista or Windows 7 (in 32 or 64 Bit) (or) Intel Mac with OS X 10.8 for the FL Studio Mac OS X BETA (Crossover Wrapped) 1 Gb or more RAM recommended 1 Gb free disk space Soundcard with DirectSound drivers. ASIO/ASIO2 compatible required for audio recording (FL Studio installs with generic ASIO4ALL drivers)
This is the top of the line edition with all features, some mods, and free lifetime updates. There are other versions with less features, so you may want to take a look at them and decide which one better meets your needs.
You do not need anything other than your laptop. The program allows you to use your qwerty keyboard as if piano keys. I would recommend learning the program first and if you are really going to use it alot or if you already play the piano and just cannot stand writing without being able to play on black/white keys then you can fork out additional money. Technically you can make all your music clicking away with only your mouse.
upgrades 10 & 11
It is my understanding that upgrades are only for previous versions. I am fairly sure you can get an answer about this from the Filemaker site.
Yes and Mavericks too!
Check to make sure autoplay is on. If not, open the DVD folder and select open then select execute. I did it with autoplay and it nearly all day for it to wipe two hard drives.
You have to view the instructions...as I recall, there are some basic steps you have to set up before you get started. I dont know if it works on Apple..ck the specs before purchase.
Sorry but no. You will have to reinstall the operating system. But reinstalling is pretty easy.
of course
I'm sorry but I really don't know. I used Disc Wiper to clean off a hard drive before I gave the computer away. I assumed it cleaned everything off my drive, but I didn't try to reinstall Windows, or anything else. I have the computer away with the original Windows installtion disc. Sorry.
You can do transactions as of now, however the payroll and tax tables will not work. I would not recommend Sage for anything. When they were Peachtree they were a good company and a good value. Now it's all about the money. Tech support takes forever and most of the time they don't know what they are talking about and just send you emails that doesn't answer the question. Also the sales team never answers emails, yet they will over charge your credit card but will never return phone calls. Stay away!!!!!!!!
Yes
If you register as a user, the web based training is there.
Yes but I don't use this feature in my business so I can't review it
This is just for one user. Available or additional users, can be purchased from Sage. Hope this helps. Regards,
I wouldn't. I wish we had stated with quickbooks. The customer service at sage is really bad and they charge over $1,200 per year as a service contract.
I do not know the answer to your question. I do not need to use any inventory functions in the work that I do. Sorry
Didn't do me any good. It only provided the same options already available on my unbootable drive (hard disk check, command prompts, etc.). Much better off to use your windows install disk (if you have it) and choose the repair option.
Hi Cynh, Feel free to e-mail us directly through Amazon and let us know your PC issues, specifically, and we can let you know if it will fix it or not. This disk is primarily for BOOT issues and fixes 99% of boot problems and boot errors.
I would Not bank on it. My problem was Not resolved, so I ended up having 2 buy Windows 8 which is a definite yes!! Windows 8 costs $100+
I actually bought the CD, it didn't work. Am not sure it will work with ur PC. I have took take my PC to engineer and the engineer told me that the CD doesn't work. But you may try it, it may work for u.
worst buy from amazon, useless, rip-off. Amazon should pull it off the site.
Of course it will solve your problem if it got nothing to do with your hard drive. It work for me, I'm using windows 7 professional 64 Bit.
Tried it but it didn't work for me.
I don't know. The disk was not useful to me.
You don't need to buy a disk. I can give you the steps to unlock it for free! Only takes 2 minutes!
Yes, it will
Yes.
All the time.
I checked for myself before I bought it (love it). Simply put, it can only be installed on 1 PC at a time but can be moved around using a license transfer feature. So you're protected and they are protected. They're good folks...smart folks and loyal to their customers.
I did not have that problem. It has not asked me to pay anything else.
Hi Patti, The box you received should have been sealed. We couldn't find your name in our records, so we're assuming you didn't purchase it from us. Please let us know if that's not the case. Otherwise, most software programs these days don't come with much in the box. I believe the only thing that comes in the Singing Method box is a DVD disc and possibly a card or perhaps a page or two of instructions, but really not all that much. At the same time, the software itself is excellent. Anyway, I hope you end up with a copy of the software that works for you. Let us know if we can help you further. Thanks and happy holidays, Best regards, Arnie Schachere - Music Studio Direct - Amazon
I had similar issues with down loads from Amazon.com. I suggest you contact the company. If they are good they will issue you the disk for the program. There address is: www.emediamusic.com eMedia Music Corp. 664 NE Northlake Way Seattle, WA 98105 There phone number is 206-329-5657 I hope this was helpful.
Yes.
I have a headset with mic, but any handheld mic that fits your computer's input would work. I have not tried it with my laptop's built in mic. It would probably work but I don't know if it would have the same quality as a plug in.
Build in microphone is OK, but you should use Earphones... otherwise program cannot distinguish between you and itself. By the way, the program is great fun to use. I use it every day and I improved a lot... Georg in Germany.
Hi David, Singing for Dummies and eMedia Singing Method draw from the same body of instructional content, but Singing for Dummies contains about half the lessons present in eMedia Singing Method. eMedia Singing Method also includes the Performance Evaluation feature, which will listen to you sing the whole song, give you specific feedback on mistakes, and give you an overall score. This feature is not present in Singing for Dummies. Both Singing for Dummies and eMedia Singing Method include the Interactive Feedback feature, which tells you whether you're in tune, too high or too low in pitch. If you have any questions about eMedia Music software, please contact us at http://www.emediamusic.com/contact/contact_cs.html. Thanks, Sam from eMedia Music Customer Service
No the only thing in the box is the cd for the software.
I just went through this. You can't purchase a subscription from Amazon using the same account your existing Adobe Creative Cloud Subscription is on if it is active. You must purchase a subscription from Amazon using either a new adobe account or a an existing second account that has no creative cloud subscription associated to it. Then contact Adobe and they will cancel your existing subscription. I used chat support, I can't understand phone support at all. There is a caveat here and that is they ask for a 24 character redemption code, the ones that are on the cards you can purchase at resellers. The problem is, Amazon is not using these type of cards so there is no redemption code because you link directly to your account on Adobe through Amazon, it's done behind the scenes. What they had me do was login to my new account and confirm I can see the download buttons and paste in chat my receipt with activation date. Then they canceled my other account without a penalty fee. They will NOT cancel the account first without charging a fee, I would of preferred to have my existing account just switched over to Amazon but they refuse to do this so I now have two accounts. The reason I did this was because I do not trust Adobe any longer with my financial information or credit cards etc... I do use the software quite a bit and it is worth it to me to have access to this subscription I just trust Amazon more than Adobe. You have to have an Adobe account to purchase this, if you don't have one they force you to create one before being allowed to purchase. Contact information is at Adobe but Amazon would be the one that charges your card. With the break in at Adobe I would change my password often and make it something pretty long.
No additional costs. You have access to all the applications and services with your ongoing membership.
Each app can be downloaded separately, so depending on which apps you need, the download size and time will vary. A list of each apps download size can be found here: http://prodesigntools.com/adobe-cc-direct-download-links.html Estimated download time can be calculated here: https://helpx.stage.adobe.com/x-productkb/global/troubleshoot-download-problems.html#main_Estimated_download_times Hope that helps.
Hi Dana, I'm not following your question. I think you may be asking if you need to be connected to the internet to use the applications. Creative Cloud is similar to Microsoft 365, in that the desktop applications are installed locally and can be run without an internet connection.
This is a subscription license for the entire Adobe Creative suite that is paid/renewed monthly. You may install any of the software on two machines, PC and/or Mac and use the software simultaneously (e.g. Photoshop open on two machines at the same time). You may transfer licenses by revoking the license from another machine through the utility if you need to transfer the license to another (3rd) computer.
This is an annual contract paid monthly instead of all at once, if you cancel at anytime before the cotnract is ended then you pay 50% of the remaining years balance. The benefit is that you get access to 90% of Adobe's products, more than the master collection they used to sell and the software is updated with bug fixes, new features on a regular basis. The total price is around $600 give or take a year but you pay monthly instead of all at once. If you do not use the adobe software you want very often then this is a waste of money, if you only use one or two software every few months then I would not go with this program. There are lesser programs by Adobe that only give access to photoshop and a few other common software on a piece by piece monthly rate. I use the software quite a lot as a professional web designer and developer so it is more than worth it for me to pay for this program. If you are a hobbyist that only uses one or two software every so often then I would look at a competitor to see if their software can do what you need where you only pay once. You can still get individual CS6 products for a one time fee at various online and offline retailers. The price for just one software is almost the price of an annual adobe creative cloud membership though but you only have to pay it once. You do NOT get access to updates or new features going that route. You do have access to all versions of the available software in the creative cloud membership going back to CS6 so if you don't like certain 'improvements' you can always role back to an earlier version. I personally like the creative cloud membership but I use the software quite a lot. The updates are worth the price for me, they have been happening product to product on a monthly basis sometimes 2 or 3 times a month a fix gets released or new features added that save me time. You do NOT have to update if you do not want to and you get to select what software gets installed. You can install software on any number of computers, there is no limit to installations, BUT... you can only have two activated at any time. Just logout of creative cloud desktop app on any of the two activated computers and then login to the device you want to use creative cloud with and your good to go. NO need to uninstall or reinstall to deactivate, just login and and out as needed.
Amazon doesn't currently offer 3 and 12 month subscriptions, they list as "Out of Stock". Adobe does not offer prepaid memberships either. From the Adobe FAQ: "You can prepay for one year of membership when you purchase through a retailer or etailer (like Amazon)." Unless there is another online store that sells prepaid memberships, right now we are out of luck. :(
Yes
You either repair your computer or get a new one. If you get a new one, download the software from Adobe.com and sign-in to activate it.
For both, I used for business purposes.
CS6 will not give all NEW features that come out with the subscription version in the future BUT you only pay for it once. The subscription version is a rip-off because you will pay and pay.
Yes. I would read the Adobe Cc web site for more details as there are caveats.
It warns: Note: Currently, this item is available only to customers located in the United States and who have a U.S. billing address. Also, it's a download so that means you need Internet access to install it and maintain it. With Internet access it shouldn't matter where you are unles they check the country of the IP address from which you're using it. A program called TOR (do a Google search) would let you seem to be in the US no matter where you are.
As far as I understand it, you have to pay for ever if you want to use it, and lose access if you stop paying. There may be a 'minimum contract time', but sorry I don't know how to stop it, as I didn't want anything to do with the 'perpetual rent but never own' scam. Just stop paying after a year maybe?
Photoshop is great for stuff like that!
CS 5 or 6 if you can get it.
Yes
CS5 is not the same as CS6 which is not the same as CC ( subscription based month to month). The advantage of CC is that it will likely adapt to the new Win 10 and includes the up-to-date Lightroom program. You cannot just buy CC only rent. Stop paying and you loose the program. CS5 is fine and may not be worth an update to CS6 let alone CC unless there is some special feature you require or plan on a new Win 10 computer in a few months. It is probably best to wait for Win 10 and see what Adobe plans next.
I don't use 3D myself, but it is in the filters and the edit menus.
Yes, but it is more program than you probably need if you are just doing a few personal photos and will not be scanning to and editing in Tiff formate. Adobe also has their Photoshop Elements which should do quite well for you. Plus I believe you can still buy this one (versus rental method of full Photoshop) for about $150 or less. I bought it packaged with Premiere (video editing) a couple years ago. Have used it as well as an older version of Photoshop to scan and edit old photos. It also opens and edits PSD files
CS6 will not give all NEW features that come out with the subscription version in the future BUT you only pay for it once. The subscription version is a rip-off because you will pay and pay.
Yes. I would read the Adobe Cc web site for more details as there are caveats.
It warns: Note: Currently, this item is available only to customers located in the United States and who have a U.S. billing address. Also, it's a download so that means you need Internet access to install it and maintain it. With Internet access it shouldn't matter where you are unles they check the country of the IP address from which you're using it. A program called TOR (do a Google search) would let you seem to be in the US no matter where you are.
As far as I understand it, you have to pay for ever if you want to use it, and lose access if you stop paying. There may be a 'minimum contract time', but sorry I don't know how to stop it, as I didn't want anything to do with the 'perpetual rent but never own' scam. Just stop paying after a year maybe?
Photoshop is great for stuff like that!
CS 5 or 6 if you can get it.
Yes
CS5 is not the same as CS6 which is not the same as CC ( subscription based month to month). The advantage of CC is that it will likely adapt to the new Win 10 and includes the up-to-date Lightroom program. You cannot just buy CC only rent. Stop paying and you loose the program. CS5 is fine and may not be worth an update to CS6 let alone CC unless there is some special feature you require or plan on a new Win 10 computer in a few months. It is probably best to wait for Win 10 and see what Adobe plans next.
I don't use 3D myself, but it is in the filters and the edit menus.
Yes, but it is more program than you probably need if you are just doing a few personal photos and will not be scanning to and editing in Tiff formate. Adobe also has their Photoshop Elements which should do quite well for you. Plus I believe you can still buy this one (versus rental method of full Photoshop) for about $150 or less. I bought it packaged with Premiere (video editing) a couple years ago. Have used it as well as an older version of Photoshop to scan and edit old photos. It also opens and edits PSD files
This is the full version. You don't need any prior version of Poser. For me it was cheaper than going the upgrade route. You can always point it to your old Poser runtime (Poser 5 in my case) to use your existing content.
Hello, I believe one; with the provision for one copy for backup-Good-day
Full version. Has been very useful for setting up basic figures in 3D environments.
Yes it is and here are the system requirements: Windows: *Windows XP, Vista, 7, or 8 (64-bit OS required for 64-bit installation) *1.3 GHz Pentium 4 or newer, Athlon 64 or newer (1.65 GHz or faster recommended) *1 GB system RAM (4 GB or more recommended) *OpenGL enabled graphics card or chipset recommended (recent NVIDIA GeForce and ATI Radeon required for advanced real-time preview features) *24-bit color display, 1440 x 900 minimum resolution *3 GB free hard disk space (6 GB recommended) *DVD-ROM drive (Physical product only) *Internet connection required for Content Paradise *Windows Internet Explorer 7 or newer *Adobe Flash Player 11 or newer *Adobe AIR (external library) *Hosting plugins require a valid English language installation of their respective host application: &#9702;Maxon CINEMA 4D R10-14 (64 & 32-bit) &#9702;Autodesk 3ds Max 2010 - 2014 (64 & 32-bit) &#9702;Autodesk Maya 2010 - 2014 (64 & 32-bit) &#9702;Newtek Light Wave 3D 9 - 11 (64 & 32-bit) &#9702;ZBrush 4 or later required for GoZ interoperability Macintosh: *Mac OS X 10.6, 10.7, or 10.8 *1.5 GHz Intel Core processor (Core 2 Duo or faster recommended, 64-bit CPU required for 64-bit support) *1 GB system RAM (4 GB or more recommended) *OpenGL enabled graphics card or chipset recommended (recent NVIDIA GeForce and ATI Radeon required for advanced real-time preview features) *24-bit color display, 1440 x 900 minimum resolution *3 GB free hard disk space (6 GB recommended) *DVD-ROM drive (Physical product only) *Internet connection required for Content Paradise *Adobe Flash Player 11 or newer *Adobe AIR (external library) *Hosting plugins require a valid English language installation of their respective host application: &#9702;Maxon CINEMA 4D R10-14 (64 & 32-bit) &#9702;Autodesk Maya 2010 - 2014 (64 & 32-bit) &#9702;Newtek Light Wave 3D 9 - 11 (64 & 32-bit) &#9702;ZBrush 4 or later required for GoZ interoperability
Is this a upgrade to pro then you need ser numbers to ad to upgrade. If you have the standard or pro full then just follow install with your new cd lic will be on back of cd envelope. Then go to poser site and up date to latest software. Beware that poser is very hard to learn and you will need a lot of extras to really make it work like a pro. I would recomend Daz studio 3D You can do the same as poser and its free and there more sites on learning Daz and extras or cheaper to buy. Hope this works compare Daz 3d and Poser on line at you tube I have them all I like Daz much better easyer to get started and learn.Bob J .St Louis,MO
The features are explained on the Smith Micro web site (http://poser.smithmicro.com/comparison.html), but I found the Poser 10/2014 Pro training video by Infinite Skills to be much more helpful. It explains that Poser 10 version is best suited for those who want to use existing materials; the pro is best for those who want to create their own content. In essence, the difference is that Poser 2014 has additional simulation algorithms for sophistocated special effects. It includes a 2nd set of tools for adjusting the face and for adjusting clothes and so on. That's it; the difference is not content or what the program can do overall. So for example as a Poser 10 user I would not be able to custom tailor clothing to a new figure as easily as I could in the Fitting Room in Poser 2014, but I can put clothes on a figure, resize it, fix the poke through, and fine tune the folds if I cared to. In my opinion, both software are powerful, the differences are subtle, and the learning curve is steep. And, my recommendation is to start with Poser 10 and get extensive training and experience on this version. And, when you feel that you would like to have a second set of tools to adjust clothing and to add a layer of additional control dials and adjustments, then upgrade to the Pro version.
You could build some very simple buildings with the primitives included, but there is an exhaustive supply of buildings, cars, etc available at sites like daz.com, renderosity.com, and RuntimeDNA.com. So many that you will be hiding your wallet before too long ;-)
Yes you can, but why would you when the graphics you can buy are so professional and specialised. You are only buying the "mesh" which you personalise. So answer is yes, but if you bought Poser why would you not utilise it?
AS far as i can figure out, no, i tried to get a hold of customer service but it was about as difficult to get a hold of the president, no one has answered the phone or emails yet to answer any questions, good luck is about all i can say
I currently use Poser 10 on a quad-core, 64bit PC upgraded to Windows 8.1 with 4 GB of ram without issues. Having 8 GB is even better. You shouldn't have any problems installing and running Poser 10 on your PC.
You can create a library of people by taking pictures of the front of the face and the profile of the face.
I haven't spent a lot of time working with this program yet but so far I haven't needed a drawing pad, only a mouse and a keyboard.
To pose a skeleton the way you want with crude background graphics it'd be under an hour when you first use. To pose dressed woman with a pose and nice rendered background will take hours with a couple references to the manual. Once you get experienced It'll get easier and faster.
Hello, as a user of p10 on multiple machines I can tell you there sometimes are issues. On my windows 8.1 machine, my avira antivirus kept the library from opening. Any program or firewall that bocks internet access can cause this issue. Smith micro has an updated patch that helps with many of these issues. Hope this helps.
This is the full version of Poser 10. It comes with a DVD and an install key. Although, if you are looking to upgrade from a previous version, you can do that, but directly from Smith Micro's site. You would need the install key from the previous version to verify the upgrade.
Yes, it does.
No problem. Just install the cloud player app. That's the whole point of the cloud. You can access your MP3's from anywhere and from just about anything that can access the web.
I think it is because you don't need an app on the Kindle to listen to your music. Just go to 'music' and it's all there. Instead download this on your computer to listen to your music from Amazon and other music you've loaded into the Amazon cloud.
If you are using it to download music or play music you've stored in the cloud you will need an internet connection. If you are simply using it as a media player I believe you can use it without an internet connection. To be honest I've found it to be rather bulky and kind've clumsy so I've only used it to download music and then uninstalled the app
Yes, I have it downloaded to my Laptop and my Smart Phone. It works pretty good. The only issue I have with the Cloud Player is Album Art. It doesn't show Album Art for all music, even when the Album Art is available.
The non-subscription version of Amazon's cloud player allows for the storage of a maximum 250 tracks. The paid version allows for up to 250,000 tracks to be stored, for 21.99 per annum. I believe you need an Amazon account to use the free version, & it comes as an automatic extra if you purchase & register a Kindle HD tablet. A nice touch is that if the tracks you are uploading are in the Amazon catalogue at a higher bit rate, they upgrade those tracks at no cost to the customer. The music can be accessed on up to 10 devices. I have around 480 GBs of music, and to store that as data on a hosting site (for back-up purposes) would cost as much per month as the cloud player does a year )
Yes. Either to Windows media or ITunes. Your choice.
First if your playlist is mp3 make sure your car will play them. Second what I did was download my list onto my laptop then transfered them to CD's. it may take sometime depending on how many songs you want to download. Cloud should help you step by step to download and your computer music program should offer step by step help to put them on your thumb drive. Hope this helps if you still need help try to find a local computer place to help.
You must have a smart TV to download the Amazon app I have a Samsung smart TV which can connect to the internet.
Yes a driver
I am not familiar with the "Amazon music helper." I've only used "Amazon Music With Prime Music" and the "Amazon Music Importer." Sorry I can't comment on "Amazon music helper."
(Copied from Photography Q&A site) Subject to the terms of the software license agreement, the primary user of the computer on which Adobe Photoshop Lightroom is installed may install a second copy of the software for his or her exclusive use on either a portable computer or a computer located at his or her home, provided that the software on the second computer is not used at the same time as the software on the primary computer. Lightroom is sold as multiplatform software, which means it can be installed on either Mac OS X or Windows.
This is from Adobe's website: To qualify for a student discount, you must be at least 13 years of age and enrolled in one of the following: * University or college - accredited public or private university or college (including community, junior, or vocational college) that grants degrees requiring not less than the equivalent of two years of full-time study* * Primary or secondary school - accredited public or private primary or secondary school providing full-time instruction* * Homeschool - defined by state homeschooling regulations
No. Bridge, however, does come with the CC Photography Plan, which includes Lightroom, Lightroom mobile, Photoshop CC and Bridge CC. http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00KNDCCE6/ref=cm_cd_asin_lnk
Yes
To find the license key you have to go to your games and software library. The license key will be in bold print next to the icon for Adobe Photoshop right above the purchase date. To get to your games and software library hover over the Hello, Faith and the pop-up box will appear and it's towards the bottom.
What you have is the product code, not a serial #. Because this is an educational product, you need to validate your eligibility by following the instructions inside the box. If you purchased a boxed product from Amazon, open the box and follow the instructions inside to submit your information for validation. If you purchased a download version from Amazon, the instructions for submitting the product code and validating your student eligibility are contained in a file called "IMPORTANT - How to validate and activate your product.pdf" that's included in the download. If you use your school issued email address &lt;yourname@yourschool.edu&gt; from a qualified institution during the process, the validation is instant and no other documentation is needed. If you have to submit documents it may take up to three business days to receive confirmation of your proof of eligibility and your serial number from Adobe. PLEASE READ: You can still install and use the product *immediately* by selecting the 30-Trial option during installation. Eligibility for education purchasing http://www.adobe.com/education/purchasing/qualify_popup.html Student and Teacher Edition FAQ: (Covers commercial use, use after school, upgradability, etc.) http://www.adobe.com/sea/special/education/students/studentteacheredition/faq.html Global Education Process FAQ (Covers links to submit info, checking status of orders, etc) http://helpx.adobe.com/x-productkb/policy-pricing/education-faq.html Feel free to email me and let me know if you have any questions or concerns that I can help address: jtranber at adobe dot com Jeffrey Tranberry Digital Imaging Product Development Adobe Systems, Senior Product Manager, Chief Customer Advocate
You have to go to Adobe's website and prove that you're a student and they email it to you.
Yes. I was able to successfully down load light room to my air
It was never resolved so I received a refund. I was extremely disappointed.
I purchased mine online so there was so license key. So don't know. Call 800 833 6687. Maybe you can fine help here.
For those looking for more details on how the validation process works, I've tried to outline the process here: Notes on EDU validation: If you purchased a boxed product from Amazon, open the box and follow the instructions inside to submit your information for validation. If you purchased a download version from Amazon, the instructions for submitting the product code and validating your student eligibility are contained in a file called "IMPORTANT - How to validate and activate your product.pdf" that's included in the download. If you use your school issued email address &lt;yourname@yourschool.edu&gt; from a qualified institution during the process, the validation is instant and no other documentation is needed. If you have to submit documents it may take up to three business days to receive confirmation of your proof of eligibility and your serial number from Adobe. PLEASE READ: You can still install and use the product *immediately* by selecting the 30-Trial option during installation. Eligibility for education purchasing http://www.adobe.com/education/purchasing/qualify_popup.html Who is eligible: http://adobe.ly/yzI0iI Proof of eligibility: http://adobe.ly/ayuOrZ Education store FAQ | North America http://kb2.adobe.com/cps/000/25f26dd.html Student and Teacher Edition FAQ: http://www.adobe.com/sea/special/education/students/studentteacheredition/faq.html http://helpx.adobe.com/x-productkb/policy-pricing/education-faq.html Feel free to email me and let me know if you have any questions or concerns that I can help address: jtranber at adobe dot com Jeff Tranberry Adobe Systems, Product Manager, Customer Advocacy - Digital Imaging
The Adobe license allows you to run on two computers. I run LR 5 on my laptop and my desktop. Photoshop includes a mechanism to deactivate the license on one computer so you can move it to another one, but I don't see an explicit means to do this with LR. However, I have to think you can do this via the LR installation process if you re-install on another computer. Just don't lose your key. You can't be the first person to face this issue.
This is a one-time purchase, not a subscription. I have re-downloaded the installer several times when I reinstalled my computer's operating system and realized I hadn't saved the installer.
I have Lightroom5 and it is independent of PhotoShop
there is no difference at all. Adobe just authors a discount to students and teachers.
Do you have your serial #? You can just download it here: http://www.adobe.com/downloads/updates.html
consider contacting amazon or adobe customer service for help
Depends on what you mean by upgrade. Upgrading to a new version of lightroom will not be possible, unless you mean CC or the current version, non-student. The non-Student version is the same as the non-student, so there would be no benefit. Upgrading to CC should be possible, but I doubt that it will change the v5 that is already installed. You may get a discount on the CC subscription, depending on the deals Adobe has running at the time.
I would not think so on the student version... because it is for one computer. Because pc and mac act different they have to hane different operating capabilities katy lime any software
I am a photographer and have found zero differences! It's just like how Apple offers their educational pricing on items through the website, same concept for this! Amazing deal!!! :)
Two Two Two
No need to reload. When you buy from amazon you will receive a purchase code or unlock code. When the trial version first opens there dill be an option to input the unlock code. Just enter it and you will be set to go. I did this when I got mine. I had a trial version and bout the license and received the code. I input it and all was well
Yes you can. Just go to your amazon account, software downloads, and place it on the new computer.
Yes, very easily. Resizing photos is not a problem using Lightroom 5. It gives you a wide range of preset formats and image sizes to choose from. Very versatile and easy to use.
Yes it is a full version.
Yes. Full download
It only counts as it is installed on a computer so just download it at work but only install it on your home computer, follow Dan Lambert's suggestion.
Yes. The watermark/overlay features let you add text and/or graphics to your images.
Yes. You get notified of and can download updates for version 5.
Just my opinion.. I think Lr and Ps are fancier and harder to learn, but better designed and handle metadata in a way compatible with other imaging handling applications. So they are more worth learning at the beginning, or you will find yourself, like me, tweaking all your PSE photo metadata when you decide you need that compatibility. As to the monthly payment business, I am getting by with the permanent, non-web version of Lr. (Note that this permanent version does support the much better photo publishing plug-ins as opposed to PSE's share facility which runs through another website, often doesn't work (for me) and doesn't readily support synchronization with the publishing website (e.g. Flickr) of comments from Flickr and photo updates from Lr. Lr is also willing to use my PSE photo editor so I can put off buying the full-up Photoshop editor. For my needs, that is presently quite sufficient and I don't foresee a compatibility blind alley, though I suppose I may be mistaken.
Two Two Two
No need to reload. When you buy from amazon you will receive a purchase code or unlock code. When the trial version first opens there dill be an option to input the unlock code. Just enter it and you will be set to go. I did this when I got mine. I had a trial version and bout the license and received the code. I input it and all was well
Yes you can. Just go to your amazon account, software downloads, and place it on the new computer.
Yes, very easily. Resizing photos is not a problem using Lightroom 5. It gives you a wide range of preset formats and image sizes to choose from. Very versatile and easy to use.
Yes it is a full version.
Yes. Full download
It only counts as it is installed on a computer so just download it at work but only install it on your home computer, follow Dan Lambert's suggestion.
Yes. The watermark/overlay features let you add text and/or graphics to your images.
Yes. You get notified of and can download updates for version 5.
Just my opinion.. I think Lr and Ps are fancier and harder to learn, but better designed and handle metadata in a way compatible with other imaging handling applications. So they are more worth learning at the beginning, or you will find yourself, like me, tweaking all your PSE photo metadata when you decide you need that compatibility. As to the monthly payment business, I am getting by with the permanent, non-web version of Lr. (Note that this permanent version does support the much better photo publishing plug-ins as opposed to PSE's share facility which runs through another website, often doesn't work (for me) and doesn't readily support synchronization with the publishing website (e.g. Flickr) of comments from Flickr and photo updates from Lr. Lr is also willing to use my PSE photo editor so I can put off buying the full-up Photoshop editor. For my needs, that is presently quite sufficient and I don't foresee a compatibility blind alley, though I suppose I may be mistaken.
Works for me on Mavericks
Yes. You can install and use on up to two of your personal computers.
You can download it from account again, enter your serial #, and you'll be all set.
It does alert you if there are duplicates and you are able to delete them in Lightroom itself but it does not delete them automatically
Yes. This is the standalone Lightroom application which you pay for once. I am a photographer and use Lightroom most of the time, even though I have CS6. Creative cloud will be useful if you need the power of Photoshop for image manipulation & creation. Lightroom as a stand alone is more than good enough for image enhancement and localised adjustments.
Yes, Lightroom can do all those things. The cloning isn't as accurate or as advanced as Photoshop's healing brush tool with content aware technology, but it's still very good. Lightroom will also not currently do compositing (combining images together with masks & layers). You can get the both of best worlds with this package: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00KNDCCE6/ref=cm_cd_asin_lnk (monthly) http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00O66FYRS/ (Yearly pre-paid) The Creative Cloud Photography plan includes Photoshop CC, Lightroom & Lightroom mobile. Plus you get all the product updates/upgrades (e.g. Photoshop 2014, 2015, 2016, etc & Lightroom 6, LR7, LR8, LR9, etc) for OS compatibility as part of your ongoing membership.
If your iMac will support it, I think you should upgrade to Mavericks. As to whether you need LR5, check this article for the new features in LR5. I never ran LR before V5 so I can't quantify how much better LR5 is than LR4. http://helpx.adobe.com/lightroom/help/whats-new.html
They are identical.
The updates are free, the upgrade (I.e. LR 6) will not be free. You can use this version forever if you choose to!
The two activation limit is the same for the student and regular versions of the software.
Works for me on Mavericks
Yes. You can install and use on up to two of your personal computers.
You can download it from account again, enter your serial #, and you'll be all set.
It does alert you if there are duplicates and you are able to delete them in Lightroom itself but it does not delete them automatically
Yes. This is the standalone Lightroom application which you pay for once. I am a photographer and use Lightroom most of the time, even though I have CS6. Creative cloud will be useful if you need the power of Photoshop for image manipulation & creation. Lightroom as a stand alone is more than good enough for image enhancement and localised adjustments.
Yes, Lightroom can do all those things. The cloning isn't as accurate or as advanced as Photoshop's healing brush tool with content aware technology, but it's still very good. Lightroom will also not currently do compositing (combining images together with masks & layers). You can get the both of best worlds with this package: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00KNDCCE6/ref=cm_cd_asin_lnk (monthly) http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00O66FYRS/ (Yearly pre-paid) The Creative Cloud Photography plan includes Photoshop CC, Lightroom & Lightroom mobile. Plus you get all the product updates/upgrades (e.g. Photoshop 2014, 2015, 2016, etc & Lightroom 6, LR7, LR8, LR9, etc) for OS compatibility as part of your ongoing membership.
If your iMac will support it, I think you should upgrade to Mavericks. As to whether you need LR5, check this article for the new features in LR5. I never ran LR before V5 so I can't quantify how much better LR5 is than LR4. http://helpx.adobe.com/lightroom/help/whats-new.html
They are identical.
The updates are free, the upgrade (I.e. LR 6) will not be free. You can use this version forever if you choose to!
The two activation limit is the same for the student and regular versions of the software.
yes of course. it's an operating system FOR a PC!
The answer is probably yes. It will definitely install on a 32-bit Dell XPS 600. I 've had good luck with installing linux based operating systems directly on Dells without having to reconfigure the boot order as you have to do with non-Dell PC's. In terms of RAID configuration, I have no expertise in this area. It probably will preserve the original set-up but I've never encountered this dilemma myself. If you decide to install please let me know how it goes.
Yes. It is a full standalone operating system that will replace xp. Download the newest version at linuxmint dot com and donate to the project if you like it!
Yep! Steam supports linux and works great. So far as system req, if you can run steam games you can run linux. Its much leaner than windows. But download the latest version from linuxmint dot com, and make a donation directly to linuxmint foundation. Dont buy this cd sold on amazon here.
Yes it will work,
Yes, this can boot from the DVD.
It should, installation requirements are generally lower that for equivalent Windows operating systems, p.s. Linuxmint 16 (Petra) is available on Amazon for 7 to 10 dollars, even the 64-bit only needs 2GB RAM to run well, and the Petra (16) is so much better than the 15, and 15 is good, but all the "bugs" were removed with 16 (Petra) in my experience, run 64-bit instead of 32-bit if you spring for Petra, your computer will run so much better! JT
Well, there seems to be a few different ways to install it. I'm A+ certified, but that doesn't mean I know all the answers. I do know that Linux usually installs better on Intel based machines than on AMD processor machines. You may try to use Virtual box (free) or VMWare to run it on an existing Windows PC. There are several choices such as Matte, etc.
Should be fine, generally uses less resources than windows
Yes, and no.. Most netbooks do not have an integral DVD drive built into them, so if you wish to use this on a netbook, you'll need to have a USB-connectable DVD drive available and a working USB port in the netbook to connect it through. Please also make sure your netbook is capable of booting to a USB-DVD drive.
Yes it was, and can be used for 2 computers.
Hi I had to contact Customer Services, which, at best, is hit and miss and at worst is an appalling experience Beware of their tendancy to try and sell you "essential clearing of numerous viruses from your infected computer" I use Windows Defender, CCleaner and Malwarebytes, all free to download, I binned Mcafee Good luck
It does not
Gwendolyn Good morning Sorry, I don't know. All I do know is that I have removed all traces on Mcafee from my computers and would recommend that you seriously consider another way of protecting yours. I have used Malwarebytes and Windows Defender, both free to download and use, but, with upgrades that cost a little and deliver more than enough to protect my systems Mcafee was, without a doubt, one of the poorer IT decisions I have made and one I would not wish anyone to repeat Good luck John
Yes
No
Sharon, I've had LiveSafe for about a year and a half and I've never seen reference to using it to find an iPhone. If you've lost your iPhone, you don't need special software. Go to your PC or Laptop, open your Internet browser and go to the site .... https://www.icloud.com/#find .Use your Apple ID and password to sign on and it will find your iPhone for you as long as you had properly set up "Find my iPhone" on your phone. Good Luck, John Kerwin
I can only assume. If McAfee wants to keep customers, they will upgrade you for free AND you keep your license for your purchase period (one year). I can't answer your question definitively.
Release Date: July 1, 2013 I got this from Amazon's website for the item.
Yes. McAfee has printed on the slipcover that this software can be used on PCs, Macs, smartphones and tablets.
It's a code for you to download the software. There is no CD in this pack. It does not specifically state that in the description.
It would not work on the MAC OS before Yosemite. I have not tried it on this release.
I have an iMac with the latest operating software. The software is Dragon 10.9.4 and Dragon Dictate does not work with this software.
I do not know what you mean by read back, but my Dictation will not work with the Apple OS version 10.9.2. So if you are up to date with Apple OS, I would not purchase this software.
A keycard enables you to download the software from the web. It is helpful if you don't have access to a CD/DVD drive.
Yes. The shopping cart implementation is quite limited though. If you want a sophisticated online store with databases for customers, inventory, etc., look elsewhere.
Your choice of a Web hosting service, rather than an ISP, will determine the Session Profile settings you'll need. All hosting services provide FTP upload addresses, login credentials, and available options.
If originally ordered thru Amazon, you can access the software on the Amazon website. The software will remain in Your Sorfware Library, where you can download it anytime.
That's a question for your hosting provider. The company you are having your website hosted on. You can go into the control panel for your domain and set up your email accounts. I don't know how many you want/need, but for 99% of the providers, you can do up to 25 email addresses. More might cost extra, check with your hosting providers sales department.
Probably not. It would have to be a Windows tablet and even then I'm not sure how well this software would work on a portable device. You might want to try Adobe Creative Cloud if you're looking for cross-platform software for building a website. That's what I'm using now. Hope this helps.
I bought this product thinking it would be easy to customize. I think that if you just want a stock website it is fine. It has many designs. For me, I hate it and never used it, for someone who just wants to pop in their info and move on, it will probably be fine.
All i have found is HTML5 Galleries . I looked through a bunch of templates offered by x5 and other sites created by x5 and have not seen any with HTML5 games. But i could be wrong i would try and contact them. this is from the help in my copy WebSite X5 guide refers to the Evolution v. 10 version. "WebSite X5 automatically generates HTML5 code and uses CSS 2.1 or CSS 3 style sheets, according to browser support, to define how contents are to be displayed. The advantages of using this code are: adherence to international standards; ample compatibility with the main browsers; greater possibilities for a correct and complete indexing by search engines."
You set up the path to your Web-Site, it does not matter whom you use as long as you have access to the necessary files.
For smart phone I would recommend X5 Professional not Evolution
Its not hard at all, there is a "HTML" add box and a HTML code that can be viewed and edited. This is "EVOLUTION" there is a cart built in for a more "PRO"-ish website. I have had and used this software for over a month now ..
Yes, I can load the program in my laptop. The program work fine. Thank you
Yes, it will. Your single processor has 4 cores. One of the big differences between the "max" version of CK3 and "pro" version is the number of cores it will support. CK3 "max" supports up to 6 cores, CK3 "pro" supports like up to 32 cores--I didn't bother to look up the actual number, feel free to do that if it matters to you. My system has only 2 cores and I'm running Win 8.1--it works fine. I looked it up for you and Vista is supported. The program will be stronger on your system than it is on mine. Unless you're a GM (grandmaster chess player) or you're into serious analysis (like as a chess programmer or serious tournament player) you should have plenty of power with the "max" version. BTW, it's a very nice program, I'm happy with my purchase.
No
From the Manufacturer: While Chess King 1 will do, I would recommend at least Chess King 2 since it has a new improved interface and new games, and its price is very reasonable. Go for Chess King 3 or 4 only if you need extra speed and power in analysis. One more thing that Chess King 3 does that the previous versions do not: play Chess960 (Fischer Random Chess), since the castling rules are complicated. But for normal use, Chess King 2 is probably absolutely fine.
It only supports Windows normally. However, it is supposed to work on a Mac computer if you have some kind of Windows emulator software. I believe it's call VMWare Fusion and can be downloaded online. People have reported that they have successfully gotten it to work with this Windows-emulator software.
It loads and works fine on 5.0. Very good program for a newbie like me and should be good for those more experience. If you have a problem you can have 8.1 run it like and older version of window. Enjoy
I believe you're supposed to be able to install it on 2 or 3 computers. However, there is no guarantee it will install on more than that.
Greetings. It compares quite favorably. The database will allow you to do many of the same things you can do with Chessbase. The big advantage Chess King 3 has is that it comes with the currently strongest playing program in the world currently, Houdini 3. It also contains some puzzles/training exercises that can be quite handy.
It is one tutorial with different chapters.
No it does not. I do have the the complete book for it also. Thanks Sammy sewingmachineoutlet
Please call me 800-487-7397 Thanks Sammy
Yes it will work. Thanks
Yes
No
Yes
You're asking the right source because we are Nuance's largest DMPE 2 reseller and include complimentary training. The answer is YES because when you're using Office 365, you're actually dictating into your documents locally; even though you may be storing them on the cloud. I used DMPE 2 and Office 365 myself although I prefer to store my documents locally because I am apparently old-fashioned
This can be installed to 4 computers of the same user. Each user needs a new license even on the same computer, but not each user profile. MARCH 2014 ZALMAR DRAGON PROMOTION: BUY DRAGON MEDICAL 2 ON AMAZON.com from ZALMAR (Seller fulfilled) And receive free POWERMIC II!! (Not eligible for fba) offer expires 12/31/13
Yes it does. I have used it with PF.
There is a 5 user pack available pricing is not always the same. Please the check the 5 user pack.
Dragon Medical Practice Edition-2 will work well in virtually any of the 700+ EHRs on the market today. For web-based EHRs (like Practice Fusion) and other EHRs which are not "100% compatible", there is an easy workaround which is built into Dragon Medical. For further information, feel free to contact me at wk@tcemr.com
Yes it works with Windows 8. It does not work with OS X
You need to uninstall the software first from the old computer, for the license to be get de-activated on Naunce Server and the install it on the new computer. If the old computer does not work anymore, you need to call customer service and they will free you a license so you are able to installed on a new computer.
As I understand the terms of the licensing agreement, the software allows for one User to have the software installed on up to three machines. Additional Users (there is a registration process & login btw) require additional licenses. I'd suggest calling Nuance sales for more info. This version is crazy expensive because of the medical language libraries included.
One (1)
yes, it works with Maverick!
Mark, If you look it up in Wikipedia , you will see that the developer only says that this is for IOS 10.7 and later. I run it with IOSX 10.9.01 and Safari 7.0.1. without any problems. Cannot you download a later version of Safari? Cornelis.
they have an upgrade to yosemite. it was free and easy.
You can only us it on one machine
I think you have to buy three copies
I believe it is more detailed than CCleaner it gives options to delete files not viewed in a ling time and deletes all files when you uninstall a program. It can also delete original photos that you have modified making more room.
Did u get an email from amazon, it should have the code
I think it depends on how well you train it...and if you speech is naturally clear or you slur. I am a radio broadcaster and I've learned to speak very clearly, so the training process did not take very long at all.
yes, the nice thing about Dragon is the voice to text abilities!
I only know that if it doesn't recognize what program you're transferring text to (for instance, say you're writing on a blog in Google), it opens its own 'text' box. You dictate, it appears in the box, then you can transfer it to whatever program you're working with. Hope this helps.
It comes on a CD, that will be mailed to you and it comes pretty quick. Enjoy it.
My wife says it does and maybe should say "most of the time". She is the one using it.
Other than some initial installation issues, I have had no problems. I have written several papers for school using Dragon with no problem.
I don't know. I gave it as a gift. He only needed it on one computer.
I've used Dragon with Windows XP, Vista and with 8, but not 7. But since 7 is between the 2, I assume it would be fine with it as well.
This version does not put the watermark on the drawings. I've been using it in my college class for a couple of months and it's nice to not have the watermark.
Yes during registration, student i.d is required to activate software mac
No plot stamps on this version.
Autodesk AutoCAD 2014, Autodesk AutoCAD Raster Design 2014, Autodesk Showcase 2014, Autodesk Mudbox 2014, Autodesk 3ds Max Design 2014, Autodesk Alias Design 2014...This is also the Academic version sold and discounted for students and teachers
This is the student version, it's a full version discounted for students
YES! You must follow Autodesk instructions to get the license key.
i have no idea I'm not the seller, I'm not certain if this is the same seller as another listing for educational autodesk software on here for an older version but there was a review that it was sold without the license and the people were stuck with software they couldn't get an educational license for.. so i'd ask the seller and get it in writing that it is included. If you are a student educator or homeschooler, however, the licenses and software are free on autocad
It does not produce any watermark, and renders in any resolution. You have to have some kind of student ID to register it (it is made by a 3rd party online company). It does includes Maya, 3dsMax, softimage and Mudbox, as well as some support software.
Yes it comes with the original box package, if not, ask for your money back because the box provides a code to enter so you can get your Serial Number and Product Key to activate the software. As for the expiration, I don't really know, after putting the code, there's a question of how long it will be on your education, I'm not really sure if that's when it will expire, but when it does, I'll properly answer that question, unless someone else knows it.
It comes in original package, and the software is on a usb pendrive. Not paper documentation. As far as I know, it does not expire.
No, there is no watermark. It's a exactly the same as the full priced software.
1 Workstation
I think Autodesk will email it to you along with the Activation Code when you register the product.
This is Academic version for educational use so it's restricted to printing/saving only mac
Yes if he or she has a student id to register the software as Academic verification is required during activation of the software mac
Yes it includes revit 2014...This is also the student version so you have to be a student or teacher to purchase mac
There is no time limit but you cannot use it for commercial use.
This is only for Windows version
Yes but this is the Academic version sold and discounted for students and teachers
This is for Academic use and has watermarks on print outs but the functionality is the same as the commercial version
I did order 2008, not sure if this is the same vendor, but mine came in the case as the picture shows with the Installation dvd. Kathy
I have the download version of this product. So you can purchase it and i would send you the download link and cd/ product key. Thank you.
Yes i have download versions of the software too.
Yes its possible for you to do that Sir.
Yes. It can be used by 5 users. Thanks for contacting me.
Hi, Dear customer&#65292; It can be work in 2 computers&#65281;
Yes it does .
Los Angeles, California
I can ship it the same business day by Monday. Yes. I can overnite by FedEx or ups . You can get it on Tue.
Ansa: According to the description, yes.
Dear Nick, We are sorry to hear that you are having trouble using our product. We also apologize for the download page not working correctly. We found a small glitch, but it's been fixed now. First, we recommend that you re-insert the CD into the CD/DVD driver on your Mac to try once more. If you are still unable to read the disc, you can also download the installation files from the web page. Select the "Download" tab and click the "Download" button to download the installation files. - http://www.honestech.com/main/VIDBOXforMac.asp Thank you, Honestech, Inc.
Hi Chopanda, The wired keyboard commonly used with iMac has built-in USB ports for easy connection for things like wired mouse and USB memory stick. However, these USB ports do not provide enough power, so you need to connect the VIDBOX directly to one of the USB ports on the back of the iMac. We generally recommend that you do not use any USB hub or extension cable and connect the VIDBOX directly to a USB port on your Mac to ensure that the VIDBOX gets enough power to function properly. Thank you, Honestech, Inc.
Yes it should run on OS X 10.7.5.
Yes, it works with OS 10.8.5 assuming your Mac meets the rest of the system requirements. ---System Requirements--- Operating System: Mac OS X 10.6 Snow Leopard or higher Available USB 2.0 or 3.0 Port Processor: Intel Core 2 Duo processor or higher Memory: 1GB of RAM Free Hard Disk Space: 15GB recommended Compatible Video Players: VCR (VHS, Betamax, S-VHS), camcorder (8mm, DV, mini DV, HDV, AVCHD), TV, DVD player, game console, TiVo, DVR and cable set-top box. Other: CD-ROM drive (for software installation), QuickTime player for MOV, iMovie for editing, iDVD (or other video DVD creation software), DVD writer for DVD burning, Firewire (IEEE 1394) port for camcorder with Firewire.
Converts my studio-produced movies very well. These are from the 80s. I have done two so far.
There's a separate product made by the same company for PC.
Yes
Hi John, The VIDBOX for Mac is designed for Mac OS (OS X 10.6 or newer), and it is not designed for devices running iOS such as iPhone or iPad. Thank you, Honestech, Inc.
Dear P. Yu, We are sorry to hear that you are having trouble using our product. Based on your description, it appears that the device driver for the capture device is not installed. Please insert the installation CD back into your Mac, and double-click on the Device Driver icon to install the device driver. You can also download the device driver from our website. Please copy and paste the address below into the address bar of your web browser. Then select and download the driver for NW07 device. http://www.honestech.com/main/DriverUpdates.asp#VIDBOXdrivers Thank you, Honestech, Inc.
yes, it will, been using mine almost a year now
Actually there are 'Classic music', for example The Kinks Lola, REM, etc..., so don't worry!
They have 4 Courses you can get them on the Rock Prodigy web site http://rockprodigy.com/get-the-app/
Yes. You create an account that works across all devices. My syncs with both my Mac and my iPhone/iPad. I bought a cable (iRig) to connect it with my iPad. On my Mac, I use the cable I got with Rocksmith.
I don't remember anything in it about transposing the exercises to a different tuning so would guess it doesn't do that but could check with the manufacturer.
not sure all u can do is try
I works fine with the IPAD. They are both IOS devices so there shouldn't be any problem.
Yes you will need an adapter if you are using an electric guitar. (This is not necessary if you are using an acoustic guitar). If you are using a PC the Fender Slide works great, or if you are using a MAC / I-Pad the I-Rig also work great. I have used both of these and they both have provided great results. Rock Prodigy gives great directions on how to use the interface with their program.
No, unfortunately it doesn't. However, it does tell you what note you're playing & where it is on the guitar. But as for helping you read notes on sheet music it doesn't.
go to rock prodigy on line, and you might save your self some money.
Yes it is.
This type of software is made specifically for the latest OS and works well with both types: Mac OS and Windows 7 or higher this includes 8 aswell. However; keep in mind that it works best if used along with a tablet like a Wacom or a touch screen PC like the Windows Surface or equivalent.
Sorry I don't know for sure. I was told that there was not a difference in the product. I work at an education institution and I never have seen a watermark on a finished project. I understand the license is for professionals and business. Since I am neither I cannot answer that question.
I don't use that particular brush. But X3 does have a glow brush.
Mine did the same. It is made for classroom teaching. I wasted my $$. Good luck.
Yes, you can use it. They state that you are not allowed to try to sell any type of art you create commercially. I hope that makes sense.
I bought this and didn't have a problem with the registering of this product.
I am not an educator. I bought the education edition and install it easily without a problem. It is a good program.
Can see why you could not. But there is a painter lite ( look at the Corel.com site). But it work best with a Wacom tablet.
because it's a digital download and not subject to Amazon's pricing algorithms.
I would like to help but I am not really sure what you are asking by the way that question is worded.
This is what is on the help index. Have not used it myself... "Kerning is normally applied where two large, adjacent characters look over- or under-spaced due to the shape of the characters, and is used to reduce or increase the space between the pair of characters. For example, the letters 'A' and 'V' look over-spaced when placed adjacent to each other. Kerning solves this problem by bringing the two letters closer together. To adjust kerning between a letter pair: Using the Pointer Tool, click between the two characters for an insertion point. To increase space (positive kerning), press Alt+Right key. To decrease space (negative kerning), press Alt+Left key. - or - Choose the Kern submenu from the Format menu (or right-click Text Format&gt;Kern). You'll see a submenu to let you adjust the spacing. Choose Custom to enter a kern value specified as a percentage of the text size. Typically the advantages of kerning are only noticeable on larger text, so the most detailed attention is applied to kerning when creating display text: headlines or text logos. As a rule of thumb, you should apply pair-kerning to text over 16 points. You can turn auto pair-kerning on or off, and change the point size above which it is applied. To set the automatic pair kerning: Right-click the text and choose Text Format&gt;Character (or choose Character from the Format menu), then select Character&gt;Spacing. To turn automatic pair kerning on, check the Auto kerning box. Uncheck to turn it off. To change the minimum point size for automatic pair kerning when it is switched on, click the nudge buttons or enter a new value in the Kern Above box. Auto pair kerning will only have an effect on text which uses a TrueType font containing "pair kerning" information.
I haven't done these, but I can say that the instructions for fliers and mailings look very simple, intuitive--unlike their publishing a book instructions. You import your graphics and they have many formats for fliers, in particular. I happened across them while stumbling through. I have the book and its not nearly as helpful as the tutorials- check them out and you will see.
Hi Louis, PagePlus X7 does NOT support camera raw images. As with most publishing software, I recommend using a photo editing program in tandem. In my case, along with PagePlus, I use Adobe Photoshop Elements 12, which DOES handle camera raw images. So for instance, to design the header for one of my websites, I'll import an image into PagePlus, play around with it, add text, with shadows and manipulate that until satisfied, select everything and export it as an image (usually jpeg) and then resize it in Photoshop Elements. If dealing with raw images, you would first open it with a photo program such as Elements, save it as a tiff or jpeg, and then import it into PagePlus. Getting back to PagePlus export features, if you are planning to print large documents (such as a 36" x 54" poster) you should export as a PDF file of any size and let the poster printing software RIP it to the size you want. This is what I do at work with Adobe CC. Usually we export as an EPS file, but as I've indicated, PagePlus doesn't export that. It DOES export as a PDF and that works as well. It is always better to let the poster printer RIP a smaller file (say 1/10th size) than to slow things down with a full-sized poster image. Here, from the Serif website, is what PagePlus can handle: What images and other files can I import and export? Import images: JPG, PNG, TIFF, Adobe Photoshop PSD, SVG, SVGZ, EPS, PS, GIF, J2K, JXR, WDP, HDP, ICO, WMF, EMF, SMF, TGA, DWG, DXF, PCD, PCX, PSP, SPP, RAS, SUN. Professional CMYK, RGB and Greyscale color spaces offered where supported by the image format. Transparency supported. ICC colour profiles supported. Import documents: Fully edit PDFs, plus import Microsoft Word DOC and DOCX, TXT, STT, RTF, WPD, WPS, WRI, ODT documents, and PagePlus publications and templates from PagePlus 7 (released in 2000) onwards. Import data: SDB, ODBC data sources such as Access, SQL and many more, and copy data from spreadsheets including Excel. Import media and interactivity: MP3, AIFF, WAV, AVI, MOV, QT, SWF Flash, FLV Flash video, MPG, MP4, FDF form data, HTML, JS, and embed your own files of any format. Also drag and drop images, text, or other data straight onto your page. Export images: JPG, PNG, TIFF, SVG, BMP, GIF, EMF, WMF, SMF. Export selected objects, selected area, entire page or series of pages. Export at any size/resolution, and super-sample for unrivalled quality. Transparency, changes to color depth and embedding ICC color profiles offered where supported by the image format. Save or export documents: PDF, Web-optimized PDF, PDF/X up to X-3 for professional printing, STT, RTF, TXT, UTX, UTF text files, and PagePlus PPP publications and PPX templates (compatible with PagePlus X3 onwards). Digital publishing: PDF, standard EPUB eBooks and .Mobi eBooks for Kindle including covers, ISBN, copyright and other metadata. PDF publishing capabilities include printable documents, size-optimized for online and email, interactive electronic forms, and interactive publications with media. Also copy and paste content to other programs. Hope this helps.
Other than text filtering, I think the program is only capable of importing PDF, Pageplus and Bookplus files. Pageplus does not have amazing import characteristics.
If you are experienced with the program. Not easy from a beginners view. More difficult to learn than Publisher
I can't answer the question because I am having a very difficult time figuring how to use this software all together!
Just make sure you have a file picture, then click on "insert picture" select from file, use browse to find picture, click open and upload to your page. Size is adjustable either by compression, or moving around on your page to include text wrapping. Good luck. Chris
Yes
A search on the following phrase will bring up several possible answers: serif pageplus x7 templates monthly calendars. Allen
Yes, it runs fine on Windows 8.1.
You can probably find your answers on the broderbund website. Version 6 is listed as windows 8 compatible, so probably 8.1. Also this statement was on their site, "Please note: Only PrintMaster versions 2011, 2012, 5.0 and 6.0 can be imported into PrintMaster v6 Platinum. Any other version of Printmaster will not load and import into this new program."
Yes
I bought a new computer and was able to....but the computer is registered to me and I have all the same email addresses on the second computer. I do not know about downloading to a computer registered to someone else.....so yes I was able to.
Yes it does, that's why I bought it.
I am not sure. I would read the specs. I couldn't get it to print.
Yes
I like it. It took me awhile to get use to this new version, but once I did I really liked it. I really liked it as soon as I learned how to use the new version.
yes you can make business cards, just about anything you want to make.
I downloaded it too. Could get in but found it impossible to work with. Nothing like my older version. I took it out and am so disappointed with Print Master.
Yes, photos can be imported. We are given an activation key. I don't know if it would serve to transfer the program to a new computer. Check on their web site.
Yes, but I don't like it. PrintMaster Platinum version 18 has better features, but won't work with windows 8, so I use my laptop.
Yes, but NOTHING is easy. It's a horrible program. The version before this was perfect. With this, I'm constantly frustrated and everything takes me so much longer. Don't buy it!
Well, you can make anything on a 8x11 sheet of paper. Anything else bigger, no. It says it can make banners. There is no template for a poster however.
I was disappointed that the product has no resemblance to the PrintMaster I have used for years. So I have not used it and have not asked for the 39.xx refund from Amazon, yet. As for Vector--do you mean giving a straight line from chosen point to chosen point? I have no idea, but I've heard of that kind of graphic.
I am running PrintMaster V6 Platinum on my Windows 7 64-bit system, so the answer is yes.
Yes, it will operate in Windows 8.1. I do not believe it is comparable to the old versions of Printmaster. I own the program and also an older version (which I loved), and the new program is a MAJOR step backwards in my experience. I stopped using it, it is so bad.
Sure, they will install as separate programs.
I don't know about Windows 8.1, but it is slow and not user friendly on Windows 7. I had a Print Shop program before and that worked a lot better for me.
Excellent
Yes it is!
Manga Studio 5 (which for previous versions was known as the Debut version) is much cheaper, but has fewer features, while Manga Studio EX 5 has the full range of software features at a higher price. Manga Studio EX 5's main difference from the regular version is the inclusion of story features (organizing comic book pages and files with the story creator) and backwards compatibility with files created in previous versions of Manga Studio. If you don't believe you will be using these features, then it's best to go with the cheaper version. You can see a full list of feature comparisons here: http://manga.smithmicro.com/mangastudio5/#compare
Manga Studio EX 5 can be used for digital sketches and cartooning to great resultwith it's highly realistic and customizable pen, pencil, and brush settings. Also, formatting is not an issue as it easily works around most of the major image formats such as BMP, JPG, TIF, TGA, PNG and even specialty file types from Photoshop, Clip Studio and IllustStudio. Choosing to work in a large range of resolutions (from 72-1200 DPI) is easily done as is choosing between working in black and white or color. Another great option is the freedom to move between bitmap and vector based image editing within the same tool. (IE:no more swapping between Photoshop and Illustrator.)
From friends of mine who've had both (and also advised me to purchase this product. The number of upgrades are quite numerous and some of the best ones are subtle (like huge improvements to the interaction of strokes to emulate a real brush/pen feel for example.) From where I am sitting, I would say that it is very much worth the upgrade. In case you're still curious as to what all is actually different, here's a link to a list of what each version has. http://manga.smithmicro.com/comparison.html
I would suspect you can. It seems to work very well with different drivers from different digitizers, so I would guess it will work fine!
In theory yes. I use Manga Studio, Krita, and GIMP. Between those three, the .psd file conversion has no flaws I've found. The real test is how they handle fonts between the two programs. I have no Photoshop, so I cannot verify if it works or not. Just make sure to save images you want to work on between the programs as .psd and IN THEROY, it should work just fine.
Absolutely. I'm way behind on the tech myself and find it not only easy but fun and fulfilling. I had and still have difficulty with photoshop, which was originally recommended for me. I was creating with this within 10 minutes after installation and had an idea of what I was doing. You can create digital paintings with ease and if you want, you can create a comic from ground up. Text, word balloons, everything. I love it!
Yes
Per the System Requirements on the box it does list XP as an OS it runs on. I never tried it on XP however so I can't tell you how well it works.
It's just a more comprehensive version. There are more features in the ex version. I was iffy too until I found out about the 3D poser and perspective features. They are worth the money for the upgrade alone.
Manga Studio supports both vector graphics and raster graphics for total flexibility.
Yes
Sorry, I don't know. I had the program less than 24 hours. On my 2009 version of Trailer Life Campground navigator, I can have it avoid tunnels and advise roadway elevation warnings in percentages.
No, low bridge clearance locations are not part of the product. It
Yes it is the disk.
It means you can install it on 3 different computers at the same time for one year. If it was a single user version you'd have to buy separate ones for each of your computers/laptops.
Yes you can downloaded it. but be sure your computer is clean of any junk and viruse or spyware before you download it to make sure it not infect when you downloaded it.
Yes, if you already have it installed, it will renew the subscription. Just tell the software that you have a new license key.
The one I got actually had 3 full-year licenses in it (NOT temporary). I put it on my laptop and my husband's desktop and my son-in-law put it on my granddaughter's laptop.
I have had AVG Free for years. I upgraded to full for 3 computers. Bought software from Amazon on line.Would not install after 3-4 days trying. Got several codes. None would work. Asked for money back and got complaint nos each time. Said usually resolved within 3 days. Nothing Happened. No responce ever. FORGET AVG PAID.
I think that you need to purchase a mobile specific version.
No it does not have a firewall but AVG does make and sells firewall software.I hope that answers your question.
Yes it works with Win8.1
I am using both AVG Internet Security and PC Tune-up. My memory is slow, but I don't think I uninstalled the old software until AVG's was installed and operating. Contact AVG and ask them -- it shouldn't take long to get it in and working. I had a hassle with the Tune up on my wife's computer and AVG helped by controlling her computer and installing it. Helpful folks. (My AVG package allowed installing it on 3 PC's. I got it in 2 laptops, then the problem with Tune up on hers.)
You use avg mobile
That's up to you but I don't think so. Anti-virus can be obtained free from Microsoft, but a good firewall has to be purchased. The Microsoft firewall is not very intuitive to those who don't know how to set 'rules' of packet passage. In addition, most of the REALLY dangerous intrusion is not virus but things like inserted software to take control of your laptop ... things like rootkits, remote desktop software, unauthorized tunneling and lurking whenever you log onto the computer. These steal your identity, passwords, and use your CPU power to conduct their own surfing while you surf with what they leave for you to use. They can also store their illegal files on your computer should law enforcement come calling for a pedophile, bank intrusion, corporate secrets or music thieves. I would definitely invest in firewall/malware protection over virus if I couldn't have both. But again, with free Microsoft virus protection, you won't have to have just AVG's internet protection. Others may feel differently, but that's my take on it.
Yes
Kaspersky Internet Security is the Anti-Virus with other extras added in. If you you run more than one Anti Virus software (such as Windows Anti Virus) you PC/Mac will run slower. My suggestion is that you just run the Kaspersky Internet Security and that should be fine. I my suggestions help you in some way.
yes.
Yes
The key code should be on the envelope your disc or cd was in. You had to tear the sticker that has your key code on it in order to get the cd out. Good luck
Maybe because kaspersky can't detect everything you know. I would recommend having malwarebytes anti-malware as a back up. Go to malwarebytes.org.
As long as it is multi-user disk (3 user), just download it to each computer using user key
Patrick, I used Kaspersky for years with XP on my Dell Inspiron 530 and it worked just fine. Earlier this year, after Windows no longer backed XP, I replaced the XP on my Dell Inspiron 530 with Windows 7 and that also works fine with Kaspersky. I would go to the Kaspersky site on Google and ask their advice. Go to Kaspersky Anti-Virus 2015 - Kaspersky Lab www.kaspersky.com Products & Services For Home Kaspersky Lab Rating: 4.6 - 64 votes Kaspersky Anti-Virus 2015 provides real-time cloud-assisted protection from the ... technologies work 'behind the scenes' and your PC can perform exactly as it was designed to. .... Also I use my PC to disinfect other PC in my work environment. ... Microsoft Windows XP Home Edition Home Edition SP3 or higher; Microsoft ...
Just insert disc and the directions will come up
Key and download link will be sent immediately by email.
Yes
Kaspersky Internet Security is the Anti-Virus with other extras added in. If you you run more than one Anti Virus software (such as Windows Anti Virus) you PC/Mac will run slower. My suggestion is that you just run the Kaspersky Internet Security and that should be fine. I my suggestions help you in some way.
yes.
Yes
The key code should be on the envelope your disc or cd was in. You had to tear the sticker that has your key code on it in order to get the cd out. Good luck
Maybe because kaspersky can't detect everything you know. I would recommend having malwarebytes anti-malware as a back up. Go to malwarebytes.org.
As long as it is multi-user disk (3 user), just download it to each computer using user key
Patrick, I used Kaspersky for years with XP on my Dell Inspiron 530 and it worked just fine. Earlier this year, after Windows no longer backed XP, I replaced the XP on my Dell Inspiron 530 with Windows 7 and that also works fine with Kaspersky. I would go to the Kaspersky site on Google and ask their advice. Go to Kaspersky Anti-Virus 2015 - Kaspersky Lab www.kaspersky.com Products & Services For Home Kaspersky Lab Rating: 4.6 - 64 votes Kaspersky Anti-Virus 2015 provides real-time cloud-assisted protection from the ... technologies work 'behind the scenes' and your PC can perform exactly as it was designed to. .... Also I use my PC to disinfect other PC in my work environment. ... Microsoft Windows XP Home Edition Home Edition SP3 or higher; Microsoft ...
Just insert disc and the directions will come up
Key and download link will be sent immediately by email.
It is a cd sent to you to download.
Yes
It doesn't work at all. Do not purchase.
My computer es window 7
To get started as quick as possible this software can be downloaded and installed in under and hour. Since download may not be an option for everyone the software is also sent on a CD for installation. With these types of software an internet connection is generally required for: update of list of current viruses, updates to detection routine, updates to the software, and renewing the license each year. Hope this helps!
Yes, I am currently running this product on my laptop which is running Windows 8.1.
I don't have that problem but I can help you. 1-866-328-5700 free Kaspersky help line. Also Kaspersky in the USA 500 Unicorn Park 3rd floor, Woburn, Mass 01801 781-503-1800 Phone or 781-503-1818 FAX I've gotten good answers from the Woburn Office in the past. Hope this helps you.
Frankly, I don't renew. It's cheaper to buy a new license.
Not sure, call them up and asked them... follow this link for contact numbers... http://www.kaspersky.com/about/contactinfo I would think if you own the disk you can use it anywhere...not so sure if you download it from a us website.... call them!
Kaspersky limits their activation codes by region. If you try to activate a US version license in Europe, it will get blacklisted.
It is a cd sent to you to download.
Yes
It doesn't work at all. Do not purchase.
My computer es window 7
To get started as quick as possible this software can be downloaded and installed in under and hour. Since download may not be an option for everyone the software is also sent on a CD for installation. With these types of software an internet connection is generally required for: update of list of current viruses, updates to detection routine, updates to the software, and renewing the license each year. Hope this helps!
Yes, I am currently running this product on my laptop which is running Windows 8.1.
I don't have that problem but I can help you. 1-866-328-5700 free Kaspersky help line. Also Kaspersky in the USA 500 Unicorn Park 3rd floor, Woburn, Mass 01801 781-503-1800 Phone or 781-503-1818 FAX I've gotten good answers from the Woburn Office in the past. Hope this helps you.
Frankly, I don't renew. It's cheaper to buy a new license.
Not sure, call them up and asked them... follow this link for contact numbers... http://www.kaspersky.com/about/contactinfo I would think if you own the disk you can use it anywhere...not so sure if you download it from a us website.... call them!
Kaspersky limits their activation codes by region. If you try to activate a US version license in Europe, it will get blacklisted.
Yes, I don't know if there is a limit or not, but you can have at least three different companies
Depends on how customized your QB file is. QB Mac can export to QB PC and vice versa. But, everything is not translatable. For example, customized reports will not make the transition. So while all your transactions will remain intact going back and forth, the reports won't. Also, there is a feature to run "accountant" copies that might alleviate (or worsen) your situation. Your accountant might be able to answer that one for you.
I'm really not sure. Much has changed with QuickBooks Pro between 2006 and the current version. In addition, QuickBooks for Mac does not support all the data fields, functions, and features of the PC version so some things may be missing in the conversion. There are some interesting FAQ's in Intuit's QuickBooks Support website regarding the differences between the two products.
Yes
Yes. I did just that with the 2011 version so it should be no problem. I always make a back up before you do it and print out a trial balance so you can make sure all the numbers match.
Yes this will run on OS 10.6.8. I was running this version in fact, then I upgraded to Mavericks. Both worked perfectly.
Yes it does on mine but if your account is used to using windows they will be frustrated it is very different.
It's been a while, but I believe I installed on my mac & my daughters.
Yes!
No
Contractor has specific reports geared to our industry, such as job costing and vendor cost per job which the regular premier does not have.
Yes
The only thing I know for sure is that if you want to use the payroll add-on service, you have to have one of the three most recent versions, currently 2015, 2014, or 2013. I had 2011 and I was forced to upgrade to 2014 to continue using payroll. It's a little better organized than 2011, but they perform pretty much the same if you don't need the extra services.
I think you will have to pay as a multiple user anyway. I had 3 PC's here and they made me pay as a multiple user. I would call Intuit.
Yes, if the hardware you are using came with Windows 8, meaning natively installed, versus an upgraded hardware platform.
I believe so, not sure if amazon.com has the mac version. This program is worth every penny.
The Product Number on my box says 451-516. Hope that helps.
When you purchase from Ability Business, you have the ability to purchase between 1-5 users. Please check out our other items depending on how many users you need.
Yes
Not that I'm aware of.
You should be able to use it on three but not on tanlets
It won't uninstall or go off . I have that same problem with Norton too.
New way of selling software. The instructions are in the packet. You log onto McAfee.com and create an account. They have the install there for you to install. Then if you should have a disc crash or other mishap, you can log back on and download the software as many times as you need to as long s your license has not expired. You therefore do not need ti contact McAfee to re-install and re-validate the program. I give it 5 stars and recommend it.
sure it will update work just fine. I do think it is best to use a wired connection to your internet box it will load faster and will not have any problems at all/Best of luck.
I have installed and run it on a Windows 10 Virtual Machine without issue. But, it is NOT officially supported on Windows 10 yet so there may be issues/problems. I would expect it to be officially supported though, by the time Windows 10 actually releases later this year.
no you go to the mcafee website listed by amazon put in the code and it downloads.I do recommend pluging in Ethernet cable if you are operating wireless.It downloads faster and there will be no problems, have it on my p.c and my laptop works fine for me.
It will not load at all
I'm sure you can and won't be a problem. McAfee should be backward compatible. Even tho Microsoft doesn't support XP updates, the OS still works and runs fine.
Yes it works
They did in 2013 so it should be the same in 2014.
You should be able to use it on three but not on tanlets
It won't uninstall or go off . I have that same problem with Norton too.
New way of selling software. The instructions are in the packet. You log onto McAfee.com and create an account. They have the install there for you to install. Then if you should have a disc crash or other mishap, you can log back on and download the software as many times as you need to as long s your license has not expired. You therefore do not need ti contact McAfee to re-install and re-validate the program. I give it 5 stars and recommend it.
sure it will update work just fine. I do think it is best to use a wired connection to your internet box it will load faster and will not have any problems at all/Best of luck.
I have installed and run it on a Windows 10 Virtual Machine without issue. But, it is NOT officially supported on Windows 10 yet so there may be issues/problems. I would expect it to be officially supported though, by the time Windows 10 actually releases later this year.
no you go to the mcafee website listed by amazon put in the code and it downloads.I do recommend pluging in Ethernet cable if you are operating wireless.It downloads faster and there will be no problems, have it on my p.c and my laptop works fine for me.
It will not load at all
I'm sure you can and won't be a problem. McAfee should be backward compatible. Even tho Microsoft doesn't support XP updates, the OS still works and runs fine.
Yes it works
They did in 2013 so it should be the same in 2014.
For every license you purchase you can load it onto a desktop and a laptop
Refer to the EULA agreement for an official answer, but my understanding is yes as long as its the same user. QB is sold on a per user license basis and its my understanding that 1 user can install on a desktop and a laptop.
Make sure both users are accessing the same QB data file in your network and make sure you have switched (under File) to the Multi-Users Mode.
Yes. Personally, I bought from Amazon over Intuit directly because I wanted to make sure I got disks, not simply a software download...and it was less expensive. Hope that helps!
CD
One
The learning curve is no more difficult than using any version of QB. You can also go to Intuit Academy 2013 and download a free pdf of 62 page manual that will provide all the detail of receiving and sending Accountant file and using the additional features designed for accountants to review client entries, sending JE only, etc. Saves a lot of your time and reduces client errors.
First, make sure you choose the "PC" edition, not "PC Download." Under the "More Buying Choices" box, click on the link that says "38 new" (the number may change). Ability Business has a listing stating "Brand New with license in the box" -- this will be a CD with the license.
yes. you can toggle to another edition. It contains QB premier (general business),contractor, mfg and wholesale, professional services, retail, non-profit, and QB Pro. It does NOT contain QB enterprise.
I am not using the software for payroll. I think there is an add-on that does payroll. On the intuit site it looks rather expensive ($300+ per year).
Yes! QuickBooks non-profit is definitively worth the money. My husband is a pastor and we use it for our church accounting. It has been a wonderful program.
there's a button that simply says "I don't know" but that doesn't answer the question. What are Canadian church non-profit laws? I'm not in Canada so in truth I wouldn't be able to answer. Happy New Year, however.
I ordered it so I would have the disk. I think you can purchase the download from the web if you do not want to have the disk.
Hi Bonnie, You will be able to migrate your 2011 data to the 2014 version. As for seeing what the forms and reports look like, they will not be significantly different from the 2011 version. Intuit does not have a "trial" of the Premier software, but you could download the QuickBooks Enterprise 2014 Trial, it is important that you do not use your "live" data as once the data is converted to QB Enterprise it will not convert back to Premier. After you download the QB Enterprise Trial, when you install it choose "Non-Profit", that will give you an idea on what the reports and forms will look like in the 2014 version. Peter A+ SalesCentral Customer Relations Manager
QB Premiere for Nonprofits is a marketing version of QB Premiere; essentially no differences except the box and an example company in the setup process. I have not processed 1099s yet but their customer service 800-624-1377 or QB chat feature can answer the process for printing.
When we bought QB '14 Premier NFP it included all the other choices that came with premier. My guess is that the contents of the box included all that, and that the box may have been the wrong box. I don 't believe you will find any difference once you set up the version that meets your needs. Hope this is satisfactory!
Absolutely
Yes, Quick Books works great with 8.1.
I didn't have any rental property software prior to buying Quicken Rental Property Manager. Excel is all I used before Quicken. I know I'm not using all the functionality that's available in the application, but so far everything I've used I've been satisfied with.
IT is doing it for me, and some assets can be fully depreciated. Important not to fully depreciate items that must be amortized over 27 or so years....it will also depreciate your home office assets...I find.
It is your choice. Download is $85.68 and CD Version (PC) is $76.80.
There is a bug in 2014 RPM that causes a memory leak after about 20 minutes of use. It will end up using 300+mb of RAM after a while and slow to a crawl. It should run ok if you close and reopen the software every 15 minutes or so.
I am not a technical support person but I use this on Windows 8 with no problems.
What version of Rental Property Manager did you buy? Also, it won't allow you to use the program if you have any other version of rental property manager on your computer. If it the version you bought is "2014" and you have no other versions of the same program on your computer, I would call Quicken Customer Support.
I have no idea. I have not used mobile galaxy lll
Yes, it does work with windows 8. I have Quicken Rental Property Manager running on my PC with w Windows 8.1.
I don't think so unless they make the app for the Mac Pro as well
I upgraded from 2012 and only purchased it because it was on sale for 50% off. Otherwise I would have waited. As for any differences, the only thing I have found so far is the Quicken Cloud and the mobile app.
Yes, you have to buy Quickbooks Pro in order to run the payroll and it only covers 1 employee. They used to cover 5 then dropped the count to 3 and this year its only 1 employee. To add more employees it costs per employee every month. That's not the only problem, they take your credit card info and charge it to renew the service without your permission. As many have pointed out its not an easy job to get a straight answer out of them even if you get hold of anyone. They all are good at false promises. Only if they trained their employees that well to help the consumer instead!
Unfortunately, you'll have to buy both because Intuit won't support QB 2011 by this May & your payroll service expires this summer. I hate the way Intuit makes money like that - they set up in a way that you'll have to buy their software every several years.
The software can be installed on multiple computers. The number of users on your license will restrict the number of log ins.
As long as your have purchased it for two users, it definitely will work this way
I upgrade every three years. My understanding is that product support is only good for three years.
Hi Peggy, I would not provide the credit card number if I were you. I believe the desktop version is for you to own. You only renew the Payroll Service annually, if you decide to use it. If you are in doubt, call tech support. They'll answer any questions you may have and walk you through. Good Luck!
If you need any of the new features they've added for 2015, that would be a reason. http://quickbooks.intuit.com/pro/compare/ Also, since they tend to retire support for a version after 5 years or so, you will most likely be able to get updates from Intuit for a longer period with the new version. That's an issue if you need payroll updates.
I don't use the emailing capabilities. I'm sure it is good. Quickbooks is a great program. I have used it for almost 20 years. There have been many upgrades but this last upgrade is so different and I don't like it.
We pay ten people. One employee is included. Extra are two dollars per month per employee
I pay $2.00 per employee. I have not been with them a whole year yet so I'm unsure about renewing.
Yes. I have it on 3 computers. Each will ask you to register but when you enter your phone number it says it is registered. I've never had a problem.
Yes We never use it online except to send invoices to our customers. The less time on line I feel the less chance of being hacked.
Sorry about that ! You could run install but it will only register on one computer. They nail you over $200.0 for a two computer software.
Yes, the disk was included.
Yes it will I have Windows XP service pack 3
Yes, but you will need checks that can be run through your printer. I order mine from Deluxe.
Yes it will run on both. I previously ran QB Pro 2014 on Windows 7 home Premium 64 bit. Then I started running it on windows 8.1 64bit, so yes it is compatible with both operating systems.
It is not included in the 2014 QB Pro. It is there but you have to pay Intuit for it then go into the module to activate it. I do not use payroll so I did not purchase it. Hope this helps you.
I ordered the down load but also ordered the disc as an extra. Lloyd
I don't do payroll. Check with QB support or Sales. They will answer your question..
Yes! It does have that capability.
My 2002 quicken would occasionally locked up Windows 8.1 so I doubt that your 95 edition would work.
yes, I have an account that I put everything in manually
Yes, it is excellent for that. It can be used, essentially, as an electronic check register. If you use the mobile app it makes tracking your accounts extra convenient because you can enter transactions as soon as you make them.
I just use quicken to write checks and balance my checkbook. I know there are many more features but I don't use them so I don't know the answer to your question.
No you cannot. I tried everything in my power and even hired a computer guru. It can only be done if you have the Deluxe version.
As long as your data is from another "Starter" edition, it will import it. However if you used any other edition, such as "Deluxe", it will not work. I did not find any difference in functionality.
I think the Starter Edition was more simplified. It had just what required. The Deluxe has more categories than I needed. It will work on 8 I am sure. It should tell you requirements.
Sorry. I do not know.
The Deluxe version definitely does, I just looked. I initially had Quicken Starter, but I never did a file import. ... because after I had it for a couple of weeks I received a great update offer from Quicken to the Deluxe version. I know this does not answer your question directly, but I can say this software package is incredible. I do a lot with the Deluxe version.
The QB Pro 3 User is a 3 user license. If you buy the one user, you will have to buy 2 additional licenses on line. FYI: The three user license is for 3 concurrent users. More computers can be networked, but only three can use at the same time.
No there is just one disc with the ability to install the software on 3 computers. You don't need three discs just one.
No, it is just a three computer installation and registration, including the latop.
the only reoccurring costs I know of are the subscriptions like PAYROLL. We also only buy the new version every 3 years, because after 3 years they stop supporting them. $499.90 yearly would be to buy the new version of the software... which you don't have to do.
their service is a joke.
Having some problems; not as user friendly as the version it is replacing.
You can setup as many companies as you like. The 3 user pack simply allows up to 3 people to access the same company and the same time.
When you purchase a multi user you purchase a license for all the users.
It can be used by any business as it is a general accounting package. Be aware you are forced to upgrade every few years. There are other accounting packages available.
Yes, mine did.
Absolutely not. The smart phone app worked poorly. Worst for me, is the failure to hold the cursor in the same position in Quicken when you move between programs. It is a common complaint making register entries more time consuming. Nothing added of value in 2014 and a number of negatives. I quickly went back to 2010 version.
That may not be possible without loosing the data input that you have done between versions. In Windows we can go to File&gt;Properties&gt;Previous Versions. Or, if you could save your current Quicken data file in a safe place (out of reach of an installation effort), you might be able to install the 2012 over the 2014.
It did for me.
Yes. 8 and. 8.1.
Yes, it is very easy. Just put the disk in and follow instructions. I saved mine just before starting as insurance so I would not loose anything if I did something dumb. I have been a Quicken user for over 20 years and the 2014 version is the first time I have been disappointed. I have a Dell Studio XPS 16 inch because I travel a lot. My old 2011 version worked wonderful with the size of my computer. The 2014 version works and transferred easily; however, I had to purchase a pair of readers to see parts of what is on the computer, while the rest is so large you cannot see it on one screen even by extending the size. If I did not need it for investments, I would go back to old version. If you wonder where the search bar is, its the tiny oval at top right. When entering a check, the transaction description is completely altered. You just have to scroll through volumes of data to find what your looking for and put it in your memory bank in order to find it again. Everything I have had since 1 January 1990 when I moved to Quicken is still there, just a little hard to find sometimes. I hope this helps. I just have nasty thoughts about a company and their programmers have to mess something up that is working just fine. If you need more help, feel free to contact me again. Linda
Yes. Because it's a long answer suggest you Google the question.
yes you can. you have to order the checks that are made for Quicken. Are you planning to use Quicken for personal or for business? If you want it for business I recommend QuickBooks instead. It does a better job with reports.
Yes. Always make a backup, but it will work with your data.
I've been using this software since 1998 (16 years). I'm currently using Quicken Premier 2014 with no issues. I always backup date files weekly to an off line portable storage devise. All upgrades along the way where without problems. Caution, do not backup to a Stick Storage device.
I will let you know when I figure this out. It should work but there is something I am missing. If you figure this out please let me know.
Yes. You can have multiple Quicken files--one for each company. I currently use 3 separate files--one for my personal accounts, one for my business, and another for my husband's business. You can have one business and your personal accounts in a single file, but I prefer separate files.
I have been using Quicken for about 10 years. It is generally OK, but not spectacular. If you are starting fresh and setting up new accounts, you'll probably be fine. But, the latest update from 2013 to 2014 has been very problematic for me, starting with One Step Update not working properly, and some strange entries being made all on it's own. Quicken tends to "fix" things that aren't broken. I might try Microsoft Money, or maybe some other accounting software if I was just starting out.
They send you a CD in a box.
Yes
I have so many problems with this Quicken program that I doubt I will ever renew or buy more for it.
Yes
Hello In your down load file you can pick were it's go Hard drive, disk or any were thank g
yes
I have been using Quicken Home & Business for many, many years and it works very well for me. I use it for personal and my small home based business.
This version will not run on Ubuntu... I've tried. Not sure, but don't think you can install anything on Chromebook.
Depends on where you store the files. If you use a type of Internet storage application (Dropbox - for example), then yes. If you store the files locally, then no. Hope this helps. I also am a 1 license user.
Technically they may say so because it's on two different machines, but I have it at work and used same for my laptop and had no issues.
This version is compatible with Windows XP if you have installed SP3; however, it is no longer supported since Windows XP has reached end of life as an operating system. Source https://support.quickbooks.intuit.com/Support/Articles/INF24382
Not that I'm aware of. I purchased QB 2010 when it came out and used it for several years until they discontinued services to it. I have had to pay for all newer versions. They give you free product updates to the software, but not to newer versions. I'm not sure how it works with the online version, but this has been my experience with the desktop versions.
It depends. Short answer is yes, but depending on how he has the LLC set up it may be better to go with Quicken. If the LLC is set up to be taxed as a corporation then QuickBooks would be the way to go. However if the LLC is set up to be taxed as a sole proprietor, then it would be better to use Quicken.
I do not believe so.
It is available for download.
I believe that it would be ok. From my understanding the product code is what tells the program how many licenses you have available to use. My question to you is do you really need the additional license? If you are only using a single license, then I would say you would need more, but if you have a multi license, of 3 or 5, do you actually have that many people using QuickBooks at one time? That is the benefit of having multiple licenses. Otherwise, if you are the only one using it and just need to install it on say your laptop, you can, as long as you only use one copy at a time.
I tend to lose manuals or throw them away after a time. If that where your license & product #'s are, you want to actually write them on your disc with a permanent marker. The product # I have is 282-230.
you should be able to create multiple companies with the software I currently use it to run a mechanic shop a landscaping company and a dealership so yes you should be able to the information will be separate between the two but you should be unless you're wanting to use or have the wholesale and retail together
I was told over the phone by QB this past Thursday that EACH paycheck has a fee of $2.14 and EACH direct deposit has a fee of $1.50 UNLESS you get the download directly from them. Obsurd!
No, it only allows one employee. For more you have to talk to intuit and pay per extra employee per month. The last time I talked to Intuit they implied that they no longer did unlimited employees unless you were renewing such a subscription which can only be done though them.
There are two options within the payroll section - Setup new worker's compensation payment service and manually track existing worker's compensation policy. I have not personally use this feature so I have no first hand experience with it.
We have more than 6 and so your answer is yes. It looks like that the 2014 program will allow 1 employee and then $2.00 per additional employee per month. That is a new charge. So for 6 employees, you will pay $10.00 per month.
You can use any Windows PC or android device you want... laptop, desktop, tablet,smartphone, etc. Yes. You can use it on 5 PC's.
I've always gone with the one with the greatest amount of protection, which at the moment seems to be Kaspersky pure. Not only does it have antivirus, but there's the firewall, it can make you invisible to the casual "whois" search, it has virtual keyboard, which protects you against keyloggers, then there's the password manager, which allows you to set secure, completely random passwords, without the need to write them down or remember them (although I do use the printout function from time to time and store THAT is a hidden location- in case Kaspersky crashes), it has a master password itself so that only those who have the master password can use it, PLUS a separate master password for viewing passwords in the manager (and using the feature that automatically enters your login & password- except on secure sites that forbid that- in which case I use the virtual keyboard), and to top it off, it includes the "to go" feature via cloud, so you can access the most commonly needed functions from any computer. There's a lot more, but it would take me forever to list it. Basically, after a computer at work was hacked and IT ended up entirely helpless, I was the one who managed to restore things properly, and researched various products (they'd been using Nortoon, and had NOTHING on their server). I decidedd on Kaspersky. It's leaner and meaner than Norton (leaner=uses less RAM). It pretty much has everything someone might want in the way of security, and I tend to be a bit paranoid when it comes to my computer's security. It even helped me track down some cyberbullies who very nearly drove a disabled lady to suicide... In desperation, I was able to track her down. The police found her with a glass of water... and a glass full of pills the was preparing to take. Kaspersky helped save her life.
Yes it works flawlessly for five devices.
This works flawlessly on Windows 8 and 8.1.
Yes it does. I have it installed on my laptop which uses Win 8
Yes it does. That assures you the product has not been previously opened or tampered with.
You should have no problem doing so, but if you were to renew the one u have, it should update to the newer version without u having to do anything. have u check to make sure it's still the 2014 version?
You can even download via wifi online.
Yes,Here you go friend! IWAS-BORN-DUMB-CANU-BELI-EVEIT
No
Thank you for your question. You are provided with an license key and a link. You follow the link in order to download your software on your computer, put in the license key, and install the application. Instead of using a CD to install the software, you use the internet. And yes, it will work with Windows 8.1 Hope this helps!
it is good for just one year after installing and you can use it on 3 computers.
Yes, Windows 7, Vista, XP
Yes.
Yes. It will take you to the website where you enter your username and password.
Only if you go directly to the McAfee site, I believe. That said, I've tried Norton as well as several other internet security programs. McAfee has always performed well for me, and for the money, cannot be beat.
Yes! ..sometimes I get several in one day ...
I'm not sure. I was under the impression that the the software wouldn't be valid until you activated it, so you may be fine.
yes...I just did that!!!all is well
Yes and yes you can
Yes, SP1 both 32 and 64-bit
no it is just a card thing with a number you have to go to the site and put in a number code and then download the soft wear from the site I was not to happy with it
Yes
After one year.
2014
I have used Total Protection for years and I can assure you I receive updates automatically and frequently thereby keeping my 2014 edition current against new threats. I would use the 2014 to save the money. McAfee will keep it current.
Yes, but 'don't automatically' renew directly through McAfee due to their high pricing. Look for better sale of McAfee offered through Amazon each year.
Same reason that a public library buys a book for much higher price than you and I do. McAfee is charging you the MSRP for renewal. I am not charging you MSRP.
anti-virus provides protection only against virus and similar threats, while internet security has a firewall together to protect your inbound and outbound connection, filtering what program can connect/go outside your PC or network and blocking unwanted connection attempts to your PC. This is good because if a new unknown Trojan virus could infect your PC, it will try to connect with the owner of this virus to get access to your PC and it's files, in this case a firewall can automatically block this outbound connection unless you allow it manually.
No it is doesnt. already tried it in europe. it is intended for activation in US region. it won't activated anywhere else.
I always buy the previous version, because my license runs out the first week in July. 2015 wasn't out when I placed my order for 2014. In the past, the new version didn't come out until the middle of August. This is the first time the new version came out in July. So, when I received my order, I just downloaded the 2015 version and installed it, and entered the Activation Number from off the disk in the box. If you install 2014, you will have to uninstall it and download 2015. 2014 will not upgrade to 2015. So, just buy 2014 and when you receive it, then download the 2015 version and install it. Hope this help you.
When you activate the first license all three start
After doing what Brent suggested, you may also want to run the Kaspersky removal tool: http://support.kaspersky.com/common/service.aspx?el=1464#block1. I believe this uninstalls all traces of the Kaspersky products listed. I always run the tool from the antivirus vendor after uninstalling, just to make sure it cleans up everything.
Kaspersky internet security includes "Anti-Banner". The Anti-Banner blocks annoying banner ads (including popups.)
You will need to wait as the program code is printed on the cd sleeve.
no,,internet security does what their antivirus does and more
If you want help with your computer, go to your nearest Staples, Best Buy or Office Depot and have them install something. If you are comfortable installing your own software, Kaspersky is a good choice. Not the only choice on the market but it will protect and survive most computer attacks.
Yes but you can download current copies and use the code from the package to authorize. Fresher versions.
Yes you can. And it will start off with a full year! So dont waste your days left on what you still have.
No,I ha0d to take Kaspersky to my computer guy just to install. He took two day to install it. Good bye kaspersky.
yes
You should direct your question to Amazon -- they set their prices.
U.S. or Canada only sorry
1 user means you only can install on 1 computer. With 3 users you can install it on up to 3 computers.
I know that they are a global company. However, I don't know if the dominican Republic is their network. Perhaps you could research this by going to www.kaspersky.com.
The code should be on the disc itself.
Yes
365 day.
If you purchase it from Amazon for $17.00, that is what the yearly prescription is and if you purchase it from McAfee you will probably pay 3 to 4 times that amount. I purchase my Mcafee protection from Amazon every year and have had no problems with the product. You get the same protection for a year at a cheaper price. When you get the product and load it on your computer McAfee will more than likely ask you if you want to automatically renew it at the end of the prescription and then you will go to the higher price.
There is a card that comes via postal mail from Amazon; this card was printed by McAfee and has a product code on it, along with a website address to download the software direct from McAfee. The product code must be entered into the web page, your are then able to download the install the software, the website basically does it all for you.
There is no other serial number. You go on the McAfee website and log into your account and then add another computer under your active account.
McAfee Total Protection-is all you need. Features; Protects against viruses and malware, blocks spam and dangerous email, Guard your PC, social network, identity, family, and home network with our ultimate protection against hackers, thieves, phishing, and other online threats.
This is just 3 license keys.... you can choose to activate & assign license keys to either Mac or PC or both. I personally have 1 license assigned to a Mac and 2 assigned on Windows PC's. Other platforms like Android, you should download that software from the appropriate App Store.
It definitely works! There is no card, only a code that's required to download the software. If you currently have an older/outdated version on your computer, you'll have to uninstall before installing the new software. If you run into a problem, simply call the McAfee 800 number and they'll install for you. It couldn't be more simple :-)
Yes to take care of immediate threat.
Hi I have this registered in US but active on computers in several EU countries for my family. I have 2 * 3 PC licenses, used to have 3. Don't see why should not work in Australia.
It is all web based. You purchase the product, they send you a product key and follow the instructions to d/l the software from their site.
Yes.System Requirements Windows XP SP3 or higher(32-bit) Windows Vista SP1 (32- and 64-bit) Windows 7 (32- and 64-bit) Windows 8 (32- and 64-bit) 512 MB RAM for XP 2GB RAM for Vista, Windows 7, and Windows 8 500 MB free dive space 1 GHz processor
You can install on multiple computers but you can only sync with one Account using quicken cloud. If your using for personal use you wouldn't want to have it on multiple computers because you would ultimately have two separate day files that would not be the same unless you save the file to an external source such as a thumb drive or external hard drive.
Yes. I converted to Quicken deluxe 2011 when MM was abandoned. Man I wish MM.....Anyway, this crappy program really is the next best thing out there and converts all your data without a hitch. I had 3 years worth of financial info that converted fine. The problem with this is the inconsistent crashes, inconsistent download errors from your bank (some days it works, others it doesn't) and other failures.
Yep... this version of Quicken is not what it should be. One work-around that I've found for cut/paste not working is to go into Edit -&gt; Preferences -&gt; Set Up. CHANGE your setting for the Keyboard Mappings to be Quicken standard instead of Windows Standard. Click OK and then close Quicken. Then restart Quicken and go back into the same menu, and change the setting back to Windows standard. Now cut/paste should work. Or, at least it will work for a while... expect to have to go through these steps again in a few weeks.
Same version, you just don't get a CD. But I saw a comment that you can redownload from Amazon if you need to. Probably cheaper since no inventory required and no processing costs.
Yes, I can do a download but it has changed during the previous version and I had to contact the bank before it worked again.
For me it was a great improvement since I upgraded from 2009. I especially like the fact that my information is only one file now. I did the Amazon download. Hope this helps.
Yes. I am running Quicken Deluxe 2014 on a Windows 8.1 machine
Hi Chancey: The only advice I can give you is that my old PC was dying, and I waited until I got my new one before downloading the updated Quicken. I was afraid if I loaded it to my old PC, it would totally crash. So that's what I would advise, but I'm definitely not an expert.
Netspend is not set up to provide transactions for Quicken.
HI, I have 2 laptops and one PC that I use with Quicken...all resistered to me..
The program is good for as long as you want, although there are yearly updates if you would to purchase them. The program will continue to without purchasing the updates.
There is not a monthly fee. You will receive instructions on how to set up your accounts. There are yearly updates that you may purchase if you like but is not necessary for the program to continue to function.
Yes you can. Inside the "Employees" menu you can "Turn on Payroll". Pricing starts at $39 and there is 20% discount at this moment (Sept. 17, 2014). In my case, I use Intuit Payroll beside and I make a direct import/link into QuickBooks.
I subscribe at $9.99 a month plus tax
Probably not because this web based "software" offered for $50 (what I paid this past april) is only a trial version. Do not buy this software if you have any remote.idea of trying Intuit's 60 day money back guarantee. Approximately 30 days after purchase, I first had dialog with Amazon customer service. In that I was told I would have to go to Intuit. Since Amazon customer service has always served me well, I took the info and called Intuit. Since that call, I have gone round and.round with them claiming to make the refund process simple. ......I still haven't gotten my refund and don't expect to because of the hassle Intuit has put me through. This software is just the beginning of what Intuit wants to sell you.
this month, QuickBooks doesn't seem to work on any of my techno stuff... partially but not fully operational on anything... HP & ACER laptops (3 years old) - home built destop - nor IPad (never used on it... need much more room to see) so the mini is a choice.
I doubt it. Even if it did work, Intuit will CHANGE the way the products work AFTER you buy them.. For instance I use QB Online and they changed the way purchase orders are emailed so now they are ALWAYS sent to the spam folder, quickbooks wanted to remove the right of the users to use their own emails and now they are sent from a spammy intuit email address.. Worst company ever, do not trust them.
Yes.
Yes. Go to Intuit.com and take a look at the sample pages. It is far better than the simple start
If your question is whether you can create two separate "company accounts" (one each for business use and one for personal use) under a single subscription, then unfortunately the answer is no. I ended up just using the online version for my small company, and kept using my older quickbooks version for my personal accounting. But if you want to know if you are able to segregate personal expenses from business expenses within a single company account to be able to easily distinguish which items were for business and which were for personal, then the answer is yes. It is very easy to create new charter of accounts and personalize as many expense accounts as you need. The only problem with this though is when you print P/L statements and do not want personal expenses, the report will include ALL expenses, business and personal. Hope this helped.
I'm not sure that I understand the word "commeral" but the Dazzle capture device only captures video. It is the associated software package that comes with it that provides for the editing of video. If the video already exists in digital form (DVD or computer file) there are other comparable software packages available for editing. The Dazzle DVD recorder is typically used to capture VHS tapes in a digital computer based format. Hope this helps.
Yes it does Dayna. The video editing software that comes with it has this feature in its recording settings.
Is the Hi8 camera digital? The Dazzle is an analog-to-digital device and should only work with analog video sources. There are other ways to bring digital video into an editing program. On the other hand, if your Hi8 is analog, is it a matter of your editing software not recognizing the Dazzle?
Yes. The unit plugs into a USB port, and is recognized by the computer as a digital input device. You need video capture and editing software to bring over the video and edit and manipulate it in the computer. The unit comes with software for that: "Pinnacle Studio for Dazzle".
a very basic one special to dazzle but it works great lots of effects , transitions , titles and stuff and best of all is upgradeable
Yes, it save it in digital format (e.g. mpeg),so you can edit it before you upload to YouTube,Facebook...ects
What software are you using?
Yes
Sorry I can't help you. I have only used it to convert VHS tapes and edit them in order to burn to DVD's.
Yes you can stream, this is what I use it for. This isn't exactly made for streaming though, but you can. I had issues with the audio while using OBS, but there may not be audio issues with other streaming software. I had to use another recording software and use that as the video capture for OBS. When I did that, there were no audio issues. (this is if you're talking about streaming console video games although I'm pretty sure you can stream movies and such too)
I'm not sure that I understand the word "commeral" but the Dazzle capture device only captures video. It is the associated software package that comes with it that provides for the editing of video. If the video already exists in digital form (DVD or computer file) there are other comparable software packages available for editing. The Dazzle DVD recorder is typically used to capture VHS tapes in a digital computer based format. Hope this helps.
Yes it does Dayna. The video editing software that comes with it has this feature in its recording settings.
Is the Hi8 camera digital? The Dazzle is an analog-to-digital device and should only work with analog video sources. There are other ways to bring digital video into an editing program. On the other hand, if your Hi8 is analog, is it a matter of your editing software not recognizing the Dazzle?
Yes. The unit plugs into a USB port, and is recognized by the computer as a digital input device. You need video capture and editing software to bring over the video and edit and manipulate it in the computer. The unit comes with software for that: "Pinnacle Studio for Dazzle".
a very basic one special to dazzle but it works great lots of effects , transitions , titles and stuff and best of all is upgradeable
Yes, it save it in digital format (e.g. mpeg),so you can edit it before you upload to YouTube,Facebook...ects
What software are you using?
Yes
Sorry I can't help you. I have only used it to convert VHS tapes and edit them in order to burn to DVD's.
Yes you can stream, this is what I use it for. This isn't exactly made for streaming though, but you can. I had issues with the audio while using OBS, but there may not be audio issues with other streaming software. I had to use another recording software and use that as the video capture for OBS. When I did that, there were no audio issues. (this is if you're talking about streaming console video games although I'm pretty sure you can stream movies and such too)
I'm not sure that I understand the word "commeral" but the Dazzle capture device only captures video. It is the associated software package that comes with it that provides for the editing of video. If the video already exists in digital form (DVD or computer file) there are other comparable software packages available for editing. The Dazzle DVD recorder is typically used to capture VHS tapes in a digital computer based format. Hope this helps.
Yes it does Dayna. The video editing software that comes with it has this feature in its recording settings.
Is the Hi8 camera digital? The Dazzle is an analog-to-digital device and should only work with analog video sources. There are other ways to bring digital video into an editing program. On the other hand, if your Hi8 is analog, is it a matter of your editing software not recognizing the Dazzle?
Yes. The unit plugs into a USB port, and is recognized by the computer as a digital input device. You need video capture and editing software to bring over the video and edit and manipulate it in the computer. The unit comes with software for that: "Pinnacle Studio for Dazzle".
a very basic one special to dazzle but it works great lots of effects , transitions , titles and stuff and best of all is upgradeable
Yes, it save it in digital format (e.g. mpeg),so you can edit it before you upload to YouTube,Facebook...ects
What software are you using?
Yes
Sorry I can't help you. I have only used it to convert VHS tapes and edit them in order to burn to DVD's.
Yes you can stream, this is what I use it for. This isn't exactly made for streaming though, but you can. I had issues with the audio while using OBS, but there may not be audio issues with other streaming software. I had to use another recording software and use that as the video capture for OBS. When I did that, there were no audio issues. (this is if you're talking about streaming console video games although I'm pretty sure you can stream movies and such too)
Sort of. You can clone one spouses will to another. Not the terms of the stipulations of the will but, the names of beneficiaries, who gets what, etc. in essence its a duplicate will with the names changed.
Yes, I am using it with Windows 8.
Yes, that's part of a standard will.
Obviously not; read the reviews.
Leo, Yes it will make your DVD, under one condition !! The downloaded Youtube videos has to be 1080p resolution, 720p you are in the extreme margin to have a relatively good film without any interruptions... Lower than 720p, FORGET IT !! Take it from me, I've tried.... ( 480p - Very irregular and halts alot.. / 720p - More or less good DVD video, last 1080p Resolution EXCELLENT for DVD videos... WARNING ! 1080p files are large, don't be surprised when you see sizes of ( 1 or 2 GB )...... I hope this helps........ !
Yes it does!
Hello Mike ! you can make music CD's from MP3's ! Now assuming you have the proper connecting cables from your LP Record player to the computer ! .. If you do have all the proper cables !! I would advice you to 1st convert LP to an MP3 file with a converting software, where you can edit and remove the scratches, once done then use Power2Go 9 Platinum ( Go to Music Disc, to the right you'll see Audio CD, click on Audio CD to create your traditional audio music CD ), then play your newly created Audio CD on any audio CD player ( Hi-Fi CD player, Car CD Player and portable radio CD players.... ) I hope this information is useful..
K.C. Power2go is solely for duplication, and CD Ripping and saved as MP3... As for Audio editing it has limited ability for audio editing... Power2go is excellent at it's intended function as a copy, duplication, System Recovery DVD..... I hope this info has answered your question.
Yes, I was able to.. The photos has to be hi-resolution, will not work if you use low res... Has to be hi-res pics...... With music I don't know sorry.... Have not tried !!!
Hi James, This jem of a program gives you the option of closing permanently the disk, or if you are planning to put in more data in a future date then un-tick the tick box where it says "You want to close disk ? " The location of this tick box is at the final options before you press " BURN " ( Example: 1st time you un-tick the box, burn the disk, then at a later date you place more data, but this time you tick the box, then yes the disk is locked.... It's all up to you.....! James I hope that this answered all your questions...
When Innitiated, mouse down to "Disk Utilities", choose "RIP AUDIO" on the top right side, RIP Audio from music CD's to MP3! I'm experimenting with music videos, then saved the MP3 file at your designated sub-directory... I love this program, easy iconography, and understandable controls...
This package does not contain a disc....it contains the key for a download
Sorry I really don't know. I think the key only unlocks the disk and allows files to be installed. Once you install it and updated you get a different product key. If you right click on the left bottom of screen on the windows icon and then click on System. Once the window pops up scroll down to the bottom and you will see where is says Windows Activated and Product ID. I don't know if it would take the number or not. The number is program into the disk and may not be an online number. All you can do is try or call Microsoft, I don't think it would work.
It depends on what you buy. You can buy 8.1 Pro in the first place, or you can buy upgrades. If you have Windows 8 already installed, you'll want to do the free Windows 8.1 update. Then you can go to the Microsoft store and do the Professional upgrade. You have two choices there. Buy the upgrade online, or if you've bought it elsewhere, you can just put in the license code.
To the best of my knowledge, you cannot upgrade from 32bit to 64bit, but must do a fresh install.
Yes, it did work for me. However, after entering the code, it "seemed" like it wasn't working until I rebooted, during which the upgrade occurred.
if you bought it from a third party vendor and not from Microsoft Store , you can forget about it . I had a similar experience , I got the key from 3rd party Microsoft partner . They don't respond to mails or have any help desk , after MS r contacting MS , they said they cant do anything either and suck it up ! MS can only track if it was purchased from their store .
No it does not.
It helps you to upgrade from windows 8.1 to windows 8.1pro. Hit windows button on the keyboard, type "add features to windows 8.1 " and you'll be prompted to enter the windows 8.1 pro key code and upgrade the windows 8.1 to windows 8.1 pro. 100% good
I use Hauppauge. Hauppauge come's with a disk that is compatible to windows 8.1.Pro. However Microsoft will still charge you 10.00 for windows media center via download. Windows Pro Pack is only an upgrade from Windows 8. So if you have Windows 8 and the one you have works then it will work for 8.1 Pro.
I have used this about 15 times with no problems. Make sure that you go to the Windows Store and upgrade from 8 to 8.1 before you apply this pack. The upgrade from 8 to 8.1 takes a while so be prepared to wait.
The retail package comes with both discs, your choice of installation. Same concept applies for Windows Vista - Windows 8. As for digital download, your choice as the product key looks at the edition regardless of architecture.
There used to be a Windows 7 Home Premium Family Pack with 3 licenses for $150 but to the best of my knowledge there is no family pack for Window 8. Each Windows 8 license costs $120 for the Home Edition and $200 for the Pro Edition. I recommend you contact either Amazon directly or the Microsoft Store at store.microsoft.com for volume licenses. I just buy Windows 1 copy at a time.
Per my understanding, this can be installed in one PC at a time. Meaning, you cannot have two or more PC running it at the same time - key here is same time. However, if say, your current went up in flames and you built a new one, you can definitely install this version on your new PC. It is the OEM version of win 8.1 that gets tied to hardware, not this full version. Hope this helps.
You cannot go straight from XP to 8.1. You would need to do a "fresh" install of 8.1 which means you will lose everything currently on your hard drive. You can reinstall your programs on the new OS if you still have the installation disks available, but this is a long and painful process. Be sure to save any documents to another storage device before beginning the install or you will lose those permanently.
The other thing is, there is no support for OEM, you're on your own when it comes to troubleshooting. Fortunately, there are some awesome forums to get help and share knowledge.
This is a DVD, and works well for the installation on mac.
This "Full Version" is a clean install. It doesn't require an old version of Windows, but if you are presently using Windows 7 you can keep your personal files when installing Win 8. If you are using any version before Win 7, your files will be gone (unless you've backed up).
Hi: Yes this is a full install.
No it does not.
With a full 64 bit disc available, you can install the 64 bit version on your 64 bit capable PC. HOWEVER, this is not an upgrade - it is a clean install. This means that everything on your PC is wiped clean and you need to reinstall all your programs, as well as reintroducing your data (emails, pictures, etc.). An upgrade is something that MS allows ONLY 32 bit to 32 bit or 64 bit to 64 bit. Under this scenario, you would not have to do anything with programs or data - they would all continue as before. Therefore, to change to 64 bit from 32 bit is NOT a simple matter, and requires preplanning. Personally, I feel MS should provide this upgrade path but they do not (even for a fee).
No, but you can buy the add-on Windows 8.1 Pro Media Center pack ( $9.99 on the Microsoft site... http://windows.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-8/feature-packs .
Yes, this is Full Retail. Perform a Full install from Scratch
Yes it is. I install it on macbook and it is doning well, no problem so far.
Yes
Microsoft did things different OEM-wise with the product SKUs for 8 and 8.1. The difference is pretty much in the legalese. I'll excerpt from this write-up here: http://www.infoworld.com/article/2612160/microsoft-windows/microsoft-kills-oem-system-builder-and-upgrade-editions-of-windows.html The author (Woody Leonhard, of Windows Secrets) will tell you a lot, but the bit that he pulled from Newegg is probably the detail you're looking for: "The OEM license allows the OEM to resell the PC. The Personal Use license is for individuals who are building (and supporting) their own PCs. Neither are transferable once on the PC, but the OEM license allows for transferring the entire PC to different users." Hope that helps!
Unfortunately the installation does not give you the option to keep your applications, just your personal data. It does save your old application data in a folder called C:\Windows.old So if you know how or can Google it; it is possible to get your settings back. For example you can find your outlook.pst file, and bookmarks and put them back after you re-install the applications.
Yes. All Microsoft OS licenses allow you to run previous operating systems. See Microsoft's site for more info: www.microsoft.com/OEM/en/licensing/sblicensing/Pages/downgrade_rights.aspx
I bought this and it included both discs for 32 and 64 bit operating systems.
Only if you have three different activation codes
Same. Also realize no Operating System installation media has the latest drivers - otherwise they would have to re-package and re-stock too frequently. You just install the currently available version and upgrade the drivers during the upgrade.
True Image 2014 usually saves backup data in the proprietary tib format
Yes. It has a feature to resize your partitions to fit the larger drive.
Yes you can backup to a drive connected to a USB 3.0 port but no... you cannot boot directly off that drive if your drive is connected on a USB 3.0 port. You have to reconnect it to a USB 2.0 port as the BIOS cannot read directly from a 3.0 port. This isn't a big issue as most times you are backing up rather than recovering.
I have not tried that particular restore but I have tried from motherboard to motherboard (mostly ASUS or Gigabyte) during hardware upgrades and RARELY got it to work. Occasionally, I would get a decent restore but had to boot into safe mode and monkey around with Fixboot and SFC to get things to boot properly.
Yes, it does.
Sure. But if you are backing-up your OS, you should be doing that to a second physical internal hard drive.
Yes you can, with "NO" problems!
Using Acronis True Image 2014 Premium's Universal Restore mode you can restore FILES from a larger drive to a smaller drive provided the files occupy less than the 160GB drive space. However, if you are trying to restore an IMAGE of the 250GB drive to the smaller 160GB drive, this cannot be done.
It refers to My Backup, i.e. the backup data set produced by Acronis.
I usually back up full os, but i'm almost positive you can back up individual files. My only gripe with this software is I already owned an older copy and had to purchase a new copy for windows 7!
If you backed up your System and you rare running Premium version, you can restore it to a new computer using Restore Anywhere feature.
Yes, I have done that. I installed the new hard drive in the second drive location in the computer box. Then all you have to do is run the clone process. After that completed I moved the drive C: cable to the new drive and removed the old drive from the box. I recommend saving the old drive in case of a failure in the new drive (it happened to me).
I personally found Actonis to be significantly less than useful. Was a poor purchase decision. As far as migration / upgrade of HDD size or types, I simply used windows back-up to create an image on my 3TB external Seagate HDD and a recovery DVD set. Then I did my drive swap, made sure my PC had the DVD as an alternate boot drive and then booted from the recovery DVDs. Piece of cake, albeit a lengthy process.
I believe so. I have cloned many drives to 500gb, 750gb and 1 terabyte drives using acronis software
No
Yes, you can MAKE a bootable CD, but for cloning only, why would you want to? If you only want to clone a hard drive, rather pay for a backup program, you can just get a cloning program. Also, if you ever want to replace one or more files, it is much easier and faster to restore those only from a backup set.
No
You may be able backup the programs only if you know where everything is (Registry entries, Initialization files along with all needed executable/dat files). It wouldn't be a clean install though. I recommend reinstalling the programs on Win 7. As for the Data it will work just fine. Once you have backed up all your data and reinstalled everything, restore your data on the clean system. Then create a new backup with everything (Data and Win 7). It's actually easier than it sounds (the recommended way that is!). I hope this helps.
Mark, the only way I use Acronis is to clone the entire C drive to an external/portable drive. If I have a problem/crash/corruption, then I clone back. I suppose you could connect the clone (via usb) again and do an explorer search for individual files. Hope it helps. V
yes, and when it's time to restore, you just boot to the resovery CD and it recovers everything to point in time, everything. So, if your hard drive goes dead, you just plug in a new one and boot to recovery and off you go. If you get a new PC you can recover just your data to the new PC. I think the premium version even allows you to do total restores to dissimilar hardware. BTW I just went to the site, there is a presales chat that will answer anything
I trust it is lifetime. You get three license numbers to use as you please. Of course, in time, this version of Acronis may not work with whatever new versions of Windows that will come out. However this version is good with Windows 8, and Windows 8 should be in use for a few years. The version is also backwards compatible with version 7.
Hi James. the answer is definitely yes. I have done it with Acronis many times both with this version and previous ones. How you do it depends on what you are setting out to do e.g replacing a drive in an existing desktop PC, replacing a drive in a laptop or transferring a drive image to a different desktop or laptop. Recently I swapped the 1tb hard drive in my laptop for a 1tb hybrid drive (i.e. one with a small solid state drive that speeds up boot up by storing frequently used programs in the SSD pat of the drive) Acronis worked a treat to do this. In this case I used a usb docking station to plug the new drive in and used the disk migrate tool in Acronis - i.e. running Acronis from within Windows. This then made an exact copy on to the new drive. Once done I swapped them round and presto thanks to Acronis (and Seagate hybrid drive) I now have a laptop that boots up really fast. The ld drive I put into an external enclose and is now used a an external back up drive for the laptop using Acronis for the drive backups! Some procedures need you to create the disk image and save to an external hard drive then create an Acronis boot disk on CD or memory stick and boot from that and run the restore from the external drive as source and new drive as target. It is very flexible in how you can restore or copy one drive to another. In short I can heartily recommence this- I have been using it for several years now and its worth every penny esp when a drive has gone wrong or a software install has messed things up. If you need advice on a particular scenario Id be glad to help. Hope this helps.
With Acronis 2014 you have an option to mount a image. This lets you look and copy files and documents you need in a windows Explorer setting that your familiar with. It is a very unique option and I just tried it to make sure it works. It worked fine and was able to read and copy documents that I might need.
Yes. Each backup type (i.e., different drive) requires a different "script" and you can create as many scripts as you want. I backup to one internal drive and two external drives.
All depends on your setting. If you set it to do continuous backup, t will back up everytime there is a change. You can set thethe programm to back up every time you shut down the computer or once a day at a specific time.
No. Backup images are stored as files. The only reason to delete files is to free up hard drive space.
yes
The Family Pack gives you 3 licenses one for each PC or laptop
Family pack is the normal True image than can be installed on 3 devices. It enables you to restore to same PC or laptop from which it was backed up either to the same disk (if the system got corrupted) or to a replacement disk (or SSD) in the case of a failed disk drive replacement or swapping out for a larger disk or SSD. Premium has the added feature of enabling a restore to a different PC i.e,. if you have upgraded the motherboard etc. it will restore then find and install all the needed drivers for the new hardware. It used to be a add-on to the normal version. I has this and used it a couple of times and it worked reasonably well but still needed so me tweaking of drivers. If you don't plan to change hardware then the family pack will work fine. Even if after using family pack and you have hardware failure (motherboard etc) or switch to a new PC the family pack version will work top do a disk restore to the new pc/laptop and Windows will normally download the needed hardware drivers- or you might need a bit of manual tweaking. I did this successfully last year on a replacement laptop and it worked fine using the normal(family pack) version and running Windows in safe mode then updating hardware drivers. Remember though that whatever version you use, if the drive image is to different hardware either new PC/Laptop or different motherboard& processor it will be necessary for Windows to be re-activated as it will detect these changes. Sometimes it will do this without problem - sometimes it will thow up an error message. However in my experience in the latter case i have found Microsoft support very helpful in de-activating the old installation and allowing re-activation on the new hardware. Hope this helps
Yes as far as redesigning and helping to plan not sure on uploading pics
Yes I found it easy and useful for floor plans multiple floors , landscaping, and roofs may need some study of the softe.
Yes...works fine
product is good to install in 3 computer systems.
In this software I don't believe so, but they do offer AVG Family Safety.
Internet security, provides some additional safeguards while browsing to prevent infections in the first place.
product is good to install in 3 computer systems.
In this software I don't believe so, but they do offer AVG Family Safety.
Internet security, provides some additional safeguards while browsing to prevent infections in the first place.
Full, with updates.
That's never happened to me but if I were you I would contact AVG to check out the message.
Yes it works great!
I will tell you my experience and you can decide for yourself. I purchased the Suite good for 3 computers and downloaded it on one to begin with. No problem with the installation, ran the security scan and all was well. I then went to use the tune-up program and as soon as I hit "Fix my computer", it crashed. I have not been able to get Windows 8.1 to boot up or load ever since. I am going to have to take it to see if it can be repaired or not.
No just load and it will update everything, or should I will say!!
You can get both of them. avg tune up makes your pc run a little faster while avg anti virus protect you.
One year.
- YES ......
You should be able to.
Both are for a full year. I will never use anything else.
Full, with updates.
That's never happened to me but if I were you I would contact AVG to check out the message.
Yes it works great!
I will tell you my experience and you can decide for yourself. I purchased the Suite good for 3 computers and downloaded it on one to begin with. No problem with the installation, ran the security scan and all was well. I then went to use the tune-up program and as soon as I hit "Fix my computer", it crashed. I have not been able to get Windows 8.1 to boot up or load ever since. I am going to have to take it to see if it can be repaired or not.
No just load and it will update everything, or should I will say!!
You can get both of them. avg tune up makes your pc run a little faster while avg anti virus protect you.
One year.
- YES ......
You should be able to.
Both are for a full year. I will never use anything else.
You can do this easily. You need to go to the Trend Micro management site and login with the email you used when registering the product. The site is https://www.trendsecure.com/my_account/signin/login There you will find the product with the serial number. This will show the machines you have designated to run the software. You can disable the machine you want to remove the protection from. You can even download the latest version of the product and install it on the new machine. This is also the place where you can upgrade the program version for other machines. With Trend Micro, you can upgrade to the latest version of the program within the yearly subscription period.
They speak of a "booster" to assist the Windows Firewall.....JK
Yes for me there has been no problems running this software with windows 8.1. This is the same security software we use at my office, so I thought I would give it a try at home and so far I am very pleased with its performance. Of course everyone has their opinion but for me and my limited use of the internet, Trend Micro has been a good product to assist me in protecting my computer from the hidden dangers that going online opens your system up to from time to time.
Hi Inspector, I have been using Trend Micro for six years and I'm very happy with it. The subscription is for one year. During that time, you will receive daily updates of the virus definitions to keep your software as up-to-date as possible. Renewal for the package I have is $59.99 per year.
I love trend micro. I have been using it for several years and it is very user friendly
sorry. i gave up completely after purchasing trend micro and never able to get it downloaded. could not get a refund and went to norton.
No, not on Internet Security. It does however have one on Titanium Maximum Security, which is a little more.
that info is located here http://www.trendmicro.com/us/home/products/titanium/index.html
Be careful! it is one year but the year starts with the first install. So if you install another computer 6 months later it will only have 6 months left. I was shocked to find this out when I did the 2nd install
From their website: Offers Social Networking Protection, Social Networking Privacy Scanner, Wi-fi Network Validation, protection from malicious links in instant messengers, Trend Micro Toolbar, Windows Firewall Booster and Trend Micro Anti-spam solutions to help protect users against malicious attacks.
it is good for 1 year from first install date .
1 Year from purchase date then you will have to renew your license.
No, this version covers three devices. You would do well to go to Trend Micro's website, get customer service on the phone and ask them nicely to assist you in resolving your problem. I have had very good luck with them. Good luck to you!
No
I think it would be best to contact Trend Micro customer support.
i think so
You should get a full year, no matter when you purchase it. I think I got mine in March 2014 and it is good until March 2015. Hope this helps.
Online renewal is $49.95. We've been using the product for years, but I had problems with the online renewal, so I found it cheaper and easier to just buy the disc. This is a good price here, this year anyway, and with Prime you get it in a couple days anyway. Hope this helps.
If I remember correctly you go to Google play and download the free trial version. Then you go into the app and there should be a redeem section. Then you put in the code that came on the package of the cd
Markland, the one I purchased was a disc. If I remember once you insert this disc into your drive, it asks you if you want to Uninstaller previous protection software.
It works with Windows 8. I don't know about 8.1, but Trend Micro usually allows updates for changes in operating systems.
is should the way it works is trend has you download a app for your phone then you put the product key in to activate it you probably could go and see if you can down load the app first but I am almost certain it will work but I have all droid devices and it works fantastic got my pc tablet and 2 phones rocking hope this was helpful
Yes
I have the titanium maximum premium it protects any software download on my computer as well as any files that come through internet. I am not sure what the difference is between the three of them I only have experience with the maximum premium. You would probably have to contact the manufacturer for a thorough explanation of what you are getting and the difference between the 3 of them.
The premium version is for 5 users as seen on the picture. Thanks,
I have found it unnecessary to install an anti-virus program if I am running Windows through Parallels. I do all of my web surfing through Safari on my Mac and therefore bypass the vulnerabilities of IE in Windows.
All I had to do was enter the activation code to the existing installation.
Yes
This is a download. You set up an account online. Your product purchases and activation keys are stored in your account. You are notified by email regarding access to your activation key.
you need a full paid version of windows
I ordered my copy from another online retailer. The activation code was included in an email from that retailer. I would think Amazon would handle it the same way but this is just a guess on my part.
I have an iMac but am not certain what year I got it. But I had to upgrade to 4 gigs (I couldn't add more than that) and buy the windows program to go with it. I have been as happy with it as with any new computer workings. My iMac sometimes runs slow and I must delete temp files etc to keep it efficient.
Same as previous poster. Each virtual drive is saved as a file that can be transferred from one hard drive to another just like an document file or a picture file. You can set the size and resize as needed should your initial virtual drive not be big enough. For instance, I'm running my copy of Win 7 Ultimate (32 bit since I don't have/need more than 3-4GBs of RAM to run everything I need in the virtual machine) as my virtual drive. Parallels allows you to completely customize how integrated your virtual machine is with your main OS (Mac OS X). I have it set so that I can access my Mac's drives (internal and external) and swap files all I want, and I can even directly access a word file on my OSX's desktop directly in my virtual machine which is where I've got MS Word. There shouldn't be any need whatsoever to use multiple partitions in the virtual machine since you can just add another virtual drive or repartition your home machine and access it through Parallel's file sharing options.
Activation key, but the link to the download site is included.
Yes. It does. Been using beta 9 version and full version without any trouble.
No.......
You need to renew the trend micro titanium anti virus every year.
Yes, if I can do it, anyone can!
The Trend Micro product I purchased clearly says on the box, secure online banking. My product says "premium". This one above does not say that. Be careful and make sure you get the most updated product. I am no expert. I have Trend Micro on my pc and have not had any problems. I don't know if this helps. You could go to their web site and look at the products there and chat with them.
I know that it will replace the last Trend Micro program. You may have to go your program list and delete any other anti-virus.
That is a disk that you install, I'm sure if you look you can find a product key to purchase for an immediate download. Hope this helps.
Sorry, I really don't know. I have Windows 7 and it works very well.
I am fairly new to this, but I understand it is the full 2014 version.
CD-ROM is included
No.......
You need to renew the trend micro titanium anti virus every year.
Yes, if I can do it, anyone can!
The Trend Micro product I purchased clearly says on the box, secure online banking. My product says "premium". This one above does not say that. Be careful and make sure you get the most updated product. I am no expert. I have Trend Micro on my pc and have not had any problems. I don't know if this helps. You could go to their web site and look at the products there and chat with them.
I know that it will replace the last Trend Micro program. You may have to go your program list and delete any other anti-virus.
That is a disk that you install, I'm sure if you look you can find a product key to purchase for an immediate download. Hope this helps.
Sorry, I really don't know. I have Windows 7 and it works very well.
I am fairly new to this, but I understand it is the full 2014 version.
CD-ROM is included
The version I bought is only for a Windows XP, 7, 8 platform. According to NOLO, "We do not currently have a Macintosh version of Quicken WillMaker. However, you can use your Mac to make your will using Nolo's web-based Online Will, where we offer essentially the same will that you can make with Quicken WillMaker. You complete Nolo's online will through your browser."
Yes, it gives the ability for specifying assets
You can do more than one.
Yes, but you have to go online to make it out. I haven't done that yet, so can't comment on how well it works.
I upgraded my prior copy and had no problem updating it after upgrading the software. Hope this helps. Kacee
divorce,marriage,child custody,name change,tax breaks,adop[tion,domrstic partnerships,teenagers,elder care
It only explains the process to you in the Legal Manual included in the software. I will see if I can include a quote from the Manual here: " State taxes normally do not take a deep enough bite to cause serious concern unless your estate is large. However, because of recent changes to federal and state tax laws, an increasing number of estates owe some state tax. (Some estates may have to pay state tax even if they aren't large enough to owe federal estate tax.) If you own a lot of property-say, more than $1 million worth-and you're concerned about it, you may want to check with an estate planning or tax lawyer who can bring you up to date on the laws in your state." Hope this helps.
Here's what the FAQs and Support section of the program says: "Can I use WillMaker to make a joint will with my spouse? No, each of you must make your own will, even if you both agree about how your property is to be distributed. There is solid legal reasoning behind this rule. Joint wills are intended to prevent the surviving spouse from changing his or her mind about what to do with the property after the first spouse dies. The practical effect is to tie up the property for years and make it impossible for the surviving spouse to react to changed circumstances. Also, many court battles are fought over whether the surviving spouse can revoke any part of the joint will. That's why joint wills are very uncommon these days. If you want to restrict how your property can be used after your death, or make special provisions for children from a prior marriage, using a trust is usually a better solution; see a lawyer for specifics. You and your spouse can easily create identical wills -- that is, two separate wills in which all the provisions (such as beneficiaries and children's guardians) are the same. If you want to do this, look for the button provided on the Congratulations screen at the end of the will interview."
YES YOU CAN, THAT IS AN OPTION IN THIS SOFTWARE.
It is stored as .pdf file.
I'm sure it does..I own a Dell and it downloaded smoothly and I will definitely order it again when it expires..much better than the others I've tried in the past..
No
Yes you can use it up too 3 cumputer
Yes
I had it installed on a Win 8 machine that I then updated to 8.1, haven't had any problems at all.
It's good for a year-long period from the date you install it- I'm still running the 2013 version on 8 computers. It really is a terrific piece of software, VERY non-intrusive.
No it is on a disk that is mailed to you.
I only download mine every year.
I'm sure it does..I own a Dell and it downloaded smoothly and I will definitely order it again when it expires..much better than the others I've tried in the past..
No
Yes you can use it up too 3 cumputer
Yes
I had it installed on a Win 8 machine that I then updated to 8.1, haven't had any problems at all.
It's good for a year-long period from the date you install it- I'm still running the 2013 version on 8 computers. It really is a terrific piece of software, VERY non-intrusive.
No it is on a disk that is mailed to you.
I only download mine every year.
I don't have Windows 8 but a quick search using Google shows it is compatible....
Yes you can use the bit defender antivirus with Malwarebytes it is a great combination of the two have all your bases covered. I use Malwarebytes with my computer as well as the bit defender
I would ask Bitdefender. It could be that you would lose the multi-computer capability if you did down load to a USB drive.
I did a recent install on a PC that had Microsoft and ZoneAlarm anti-virus programs on it and Bitdefender wanted them removed before install. I've seen many comments about anti-virus programs not getting along with others. All my PC's have CCleaner installed and I've had no issues with Bitdefender. I can't speak regarding the other programs you asked about.
Yes 100% sure \ Juan
It begins on the day it is installed.
Yes. Buy the product which comes with a key. Download the program from the developers website and then enter the key when prompted. :)
Yes you can, the installation file is available at http://download.cnet.com/Bitdefender-Antivirus-Plus-2015/3000-2239_4-10537298.html
You get the disc in a box with loading instructions. The key code is included.
Yes, you can download the program from the Bitdefender website to your hard drive or any type of storage device then use the activation key from the CD to activate.
I don't have Windows 8 but a quick search using Google shows it is compatible....
Yes you can use the bit defender antivirus with Malwarebytes it is a great combination of the two have all your bases covered. I use Malwarebytes with my computer as well as the bit defender
I would ask Bitdefender. It could be that you would lose the multi-computer capability if you did down load to a USB drive.
I did a recent install on a PC that had Microsoft and ZoneAlarm anti-virus programs on it and Bitdefender wanted them removed before install. I've seen many comments about anti-virus programs not getting along with others. All my PC's have CCleaner installed and I've had no issues with Bitdefender. I can't speak regarding the other programs you asked about.
Yes 100% sure \ Juan
It begins on the day it is installed.
Yes. Buy the product which comes with a key. Download the program from the developers website and then enter the key when prompted. :)
Yes you can, the installation file is available at http://download.cnet.com/Bitdefender-Antivirus-Plus-2015/3000-2239_4-10537298.html
You get the disc in a box with loading instructions. The key code is included.
Yes, you can download the program from the Bitdefender website to your hard drive or any type of storage device then use the activation key from the CD to activate.
As to the previous answer, I also use Bitdefender IS 2014 since January on my Win 8.1 without problems, but had very good support for an minor issue regarding MyBitdefender.com account. To your question: You may download Bitdefender IS 2014 from the official website and install it as a trial version first. When you get your package you may use the License-Key, that is placed on the cover of the CD, to activate the Software.
2 years and includes new versions John. :-)
I have Bit Defender on 3 PC's but all are 32 bit, but their support page shows support for the following: The New Bitdefender can be installed on: Windows XP with Service Pack 3 (32-bit) Windows Vista with Service Pack 2 (32-bit & 64-bit) Windows 7 with Service Pack 1 (32-bit & 64-bit) Windows 8 (32-bit & 64-bit)
You can activate it anywhere, No CD needed, just the code. And it will update until the subscription expires.
No, not to my knowledge. I have had to update manually over the existing version and the new version will uninstall the previous version. It's free but does not do it like Avast Professional which makes it quick and painless. At the moment Bit Defender is number one so that is why I am using it. Avast has a nice feature also that I like which is the boot time scan. But people with Bit Defender has been pretty good for all my users. Here are the instructions on how to upgrade the bit defender internet security. Its free of charge http://www.bitdefender.com/support/how-to-upgrade-for-free-from-an-older-version-to-the-new-bitdefender--711.html
Install Bitdefender in your new computer and then log in as you did on your previous computer.
Yes, as long you download 2015 version from web site and use your serial number from this one there is no problem at all, I did it for my pc's
Have not seen it .... yet.
I did not use the disc that came with the box. I downloaded the trial version (2015) from the web site. Then, I use the product key from the box to activate.
no
As to the previous answer, I also use Bitdefender IS 2014 since January on my Win 8.1 without problems, but had very good support for an minor issue regarding MyBitdefender.com account. To your question: You may download Bitdefender IS 2014 from the official website and install it as a trial version first. When you get your package you may use the License-Key, that is placed on the cover of the CD, to activate the Software.
2 years and includes new versions John. :-)
I have Bit Defender on 3 PC's but all are 32 bit, but their support page shows support for the following: The New Bitdefender can be installed on: Windows XP with Service Pack 3 (32-bit) Windows Vista with Service Pack 2 (32-bit & 64-bit) Windows 7 with Service Pack 1 (32-bit & 64-bit) Windows 8 (32-bit & 64-bit)
You can activate it anywhere, No CD needed, just the code. And it will update until the subscription expires.
No, not to my knowledge. I have had to update manually over the existing version and the new version will uninstall the previous version. It's free but does not do it like Avast Professional which makes it quick and painless. At the moment Bit Defender is number one so that is why I am using it. Avast has a nice feature also that I like which is the boot time scan. But people with Bit Defender has been pretty good for all my users. Here are the instructions on how to upgrade the bit defender internet security. Its free of charge http://www.bitdefender.com/support/how-to-upgrade-for-free-from-an-older-version-to-the-new-bitdefender--711.html
Install Bitdefender in your new computer and then log in as you did on your previous computer.
Yes, as long you download 2015 version from web site and use your serial number from this one there is no problem at all, I did it for my pc's
Have not seen it .... yet.
I did not use the disc that came with the box. I downloaded the trial version (2015) from the web site. Then, I use the product key from the box to activate.
no
It does give you the option to install the software on a usb jump drive. I do not know if you can install it on an android tablet.
No Majid. The license " in the small print states that three individual license all starting from the time you activate the first product key". You can not bank the individual to one product key.
It's both the same thing, I think it's just listed differently.
Yes, it is the 2014 version. For some reason they have not marked the box but the cd sleeve is marked properly and the UPC 812813012305 designates the 2014 version.
The product is for two years both 2013 an 2014. i am not sure of when the newest version is to be introduced. I suppose calling the company to find out exactly what is forthcoming
If your looking for overall total security then this Bitedefender total is for you! I have used it on 2 laptops now one with Windows 7 and the other with Windows 8. I am very happy with all of the features that they offer, and it's superior antivirus protection. To top it off this is a 2 year protection plan, it updates so your not buying another new program next year!!! I bought this to replace Kaspersky, and within hours I was impressed at the amount of viruses , Trojans, and malware that Bitedefender removed. And it doesn't slow your computer or laptop down like Norton 360 did to mine. Overall I give this a 10 out of 10 stars and will only purchase Bitedefender products. FYI, if your replacing a Norton product please download the Norton removal tool found online. No matter the choice of new product, it will not install and operate correctly unless Norton is 100% removed! Good luck!
it is, and a good one at that.
Yes it is
Yep, it works on win 8.1 x64.
neither one they slowed my computer down,and it acted weird,i went with avg
It does give you the option to install the software on a usb jump drive. I do not know if you can install it on an android tablet.
No Majid. The license " in the small print states that three individual license all starting from the time you activate the first product key". You can not bank the individual to one product key.
It's both the same thing, I think it's just listed differently.
Yes, it is the 2014 version. For some reason they have not marked the box but the cd sleeve is marked properly and the UPC 812813012305 designates the 2014 version.
The product is for two years both 2013 an 2014. i am not sure of when the newest version is to be introduced. I suppose calling the company to find out exactly what is forthcoming
If your looking for overall total security then this Bitedefender total is for you! I have used it on 2 laptops now one with Windows 7 and the other with Windows 8. I am very happy with all of the features that they offer, and it's superior antivirus protection. To top it off this is a 2 year protection plan, it updates so your not buying another new program next year!!! I bought this to replace Kaspersky, and within hours I was impressed at the amount of viruses , Trojans, and malware that Bitedefender removed. And it doesn't slow your computer or laptop down like Norton 360 did to mine. Overall I give this a 10 out of 10 stars and will only purchase Bitedefender products. FYI, if your replacing a Norton product please download the Norton removal tool found online. No matter the choice of new product, it will not install and operate correctly unless Norton is 100% removed! Good luck!
it is, and a good one at that.
Yes it is
Yep, it works on win 8.1 x64.
neither one they slowed my computer down,and it acted weird,i went with avg
Correct
Yes it will.
Yes that is correct.
Correct
Yes it will.
Yes that is correct.
You receive a license for one computer. However, the EULA states that you may load this program on up to 3 computing devices at one address, and can only be used one at time. Example (Desktop, Laptop, Tablet). You are not allowed to operate the program on more than (l) machine at a time. You would need to purchase a second license it you had a need to operate both at the same time.
I highly recommend you search for and try a program called Hugin to create panorama's. Hugin is free. The interface is a bit rough, but the results have always been very good for me and I always let it automate the stitching without me changing anything.
PSP is more like Photoshop than Lightroom. It supports layers, which is the big divide. If you are interested in using layers, PSP would make sense unless you decided to do the subscription thing with Adobe. The raw converter from Adobe is better than PSP's raw converter, so you might want to do your initial editing in Lightroom and your more advanced editing, if necessary, in PSP. BTW, PSP supports most (but not all) Photoshop plugins. AIUI, the ones with the .8bf extension will work. I use the Topaz suite and Focus Magic with PSP. FWIW
It's up to your imagination in what you can do by using layering to move objects from one photo to another, or just remove objects. It's by far the best bang for the buck, make sure you get the ultimate and when you load it, do both the 32 and 64 bit version as there are many existing tools that only run on 32 bits that you can import, you can even import Adobe images. I extracted a red rose from a bush, and filled the background in black after changing the rose to soft white, came out beautiful. Best of all, there are both text and video help for the tools even on youtube. It will take time to learn and I recommend taking notes when you do something, saves effort next time you try it. Enjoy
PaintShop Pro is Corel's answer to Photoshop. If you want a competitor to Lightroom, that would be Corel's AfterShot Pro. FWIW
Try using the ADJUST tab first, and avoid so-called "EDIT" mode. This pares down your options quite a bit. In addition start with the Smart Photo Adjust or whatever in adjust and look at how the recommended settings look. Then mess with the levers and knobs and see what all they do, and how they adjust the picture to get the look you want. Also, with Ultimate mode you can use their plugin that is bundled with it, which kind of does the same thing. Its meant for quickly doing basic improvements on a photo, with a few basic sliders that adjust settings.
Since I don't use that software I can't be certain...based on Google Nik website its states Nik effects works with (don't see paintshop) *Windows Vista, Windows 7, Windows 8 *Adobe Photoshop CS4 through CS6 *Adobe Photoshop Elements 9 through 11 (apart from HDR Efex Pro 2, which is not compatible with Photoshop Elements) *Adobe Photoshop Lightroom 3 through 5
I did a Properties query on the C:\Program Files\Corel which showed 211 MB as Size On Disk, 242 Folders and 5,227 files.
Yes, it does that very well.
How easy is it to email or upload photos? First let's address the Corel Paintshop Pro software. If you have loaded any photos into Paintshop, at the bottom of the screen in the "manage" menu, you will see a submenu (looks like a two tined fork) called "share". You can click on one of your photos, or hold the shift key and click on several photos and an option screen comes up to upload them to Facebook, Flickr, or Google+, select the preferred one and it will upload to it. To send via your email, it's: Compose the email, click on the "attach" function (or whatever similar name in the specific email you use) find the photo in Windows usually in the "Pictures file, click open and it will attach to the message. NOW about the upload "taking forever" has little or nothing to do with Corel Paint Shop, or much to do with the email you use. The upload speed/time is determined almost entirely by the speed of your internet connection and little else. So if you have slow internet speed it will take a long time to move megabits of photo data up to your internet provider, or to Facebook, or wherever. In brief: neither Corel PaintShop, nor your email provider, can make a slow internet connect move large amounts of photo zeros and ones upload any faster, since they are not the problem.
absolutely ... you can create any documents, graphics, fliers, brochures, posters, etc using any graphics as well as alphanumeric text from many formats (psp, psd, png, jpg, etc) and save the same. Suggestion: Save in 2 formats: (1) Save as .psd or .pspimage as your MASTER copy so that you are able to edit/revise if necessary. (2) For the copy that you are going to print, save as jpeg (jpg) or png. I usually save in png because the graphics/overall resolution is much crisper. End product is very professional! Good Luck! Hope this helps you! Gladi
I have the 64-bit version. As much as Win7 works at all, Corel in my hands adds no grief. There's a learning curve for all the sub-menus. I find the on-line manual is sloppy about explaining subtleties and interactions.
Yes, it works. The interface, though, is more like Photoshop.
Yes, there are many artistic tools built into the program.
There are 10 soft focus settings as well as the option to custom modify any of them. There are 4 Vignette settings also with option to modify. This software offers a large selection of effects and image adjustments. The best way to access them all easily is with the effects browser.
Wow, that's quite a question! I haven't done a detailed point-by-point comparison between PaintShop Pro and PhotoPaint, but my impression is that they are VERY different. If you're used to PhotoPaint, I think you've got a pretty steep learning curve ahead of you if you have to switch to PaintShop Pro. I've used PhotoPaint for many, many years. The version I have now is X5, which works fine (if slowly) on my Windows XP system. I rarely use PaintShop Pro simply because it is so different than what I'm used to using. If PhotoPaint 12 really doesn't work on Windows 8, that seems like a very bad marketing decision on the part of Corel. Do you have the option of upgrading to the latest version of PhotoPaint, or at least one that DOES work on your system? My bottom line: PhotoPaint and PaintShop Pro are as different as night and day, in my opinion. If I were you and if I were concerned about learning a new program, I'd stick with PhotoPaint if at all possible. Hope this helps.
That's the same windows that I have on my computer and it's works great for me. I have done extensive work using this program, and I admit I'm still learning more all the time on what to do and what to try to do, I love it.
I'm sorry, but I haven't installed this yet. I'm still using Corel 4 and I haven't found out how to paste a photo onto another. I would think that Photoshop or Photoshop Elements might be better for that task. I use Corel for painting.
Yes, you can. You need to know what format your environment wants for an avatar, and of course what size. With dpi/publishing, you need to start with the high dpi if you possibly can. If you're using a scanner, set the scan to your target dpi (300 in this case). You can shrink things easily, but expanding things (including raising the dpi) you have to watch out for resulting blurriness. There are adjustments you can then do, but you're better off starting with the high dpi from the get-go. (This is true for all image software, by the way.)
Yes, Corel Paint Shop Pro X6 can create graphics in .ico format
I purchased this software because of the answer you received from Donna but I cannot find any way to add music or create a DVD.
No
Yes, you can.
According to the Manual, yes to both questions; Object Extractor - The enhanced Object Extractor makes it easy to cut objects out of extra-large image files, thanks to new 64-bit performance. Use it to perform a number of tasks on your large files, such as removing an object from its original background or copying an extracted image and placing it in a different photo. Corel VideoStudio Pro allows you to add both narration and music to your project. The Audio feature in Corel VideoStudio Pro consists of two tracks: Voice and Music. You can insert narration on the Voice Track and background music or sound effects on the Music Track. Paintshop Pro x6 manual is here - http://product.corel.com/help/PaintShop-Pro/540214299/Main/EN/PDF/CorelPaintShopPro.pdf VideoStudio Pro x6 manual is here - http://www.corel.com/static/product_content/vsp/x6/VSPX6_User_Guide_EN.pdf
I have used clips from youtube and unprotected homemade DVD's
Not sure what you're asking but if you mean does it have templates, then yes it does and quite a few, plus add-ons. It does a "Quick Edit" as well as a quick movie/video and allows you to create your own templates. I hope this helps.
I don't know what you mean with apple video format but i am guessing you mean Mpg3 or mpg4 both formats work with Corel and mixing them with pictures Jpg. i don't think you will have a problem with this software.
Yes you can
It doesn't do that. it is intended to create your own videos mixing or using any kind of video format.
Yes you can. You you can cut from either end, and put in any section of any tack anywhere within that track, and fade in and out to flow/smooth it all out nicely. I believe you can have multiple tracks also. I have not used it as much as I'd like, but from what I have found you can do almost anything your mind is capable of creating. The biggest problem with the music was the files it "accepts"...WAV and mp3...which my itunes library is not compatible, so I had to burn a playlist of the songs from itunes that I wanted, and rip them back into windows media player as a WAV file and save it to a folder THEN I could use them in Premier, also the photos and video files had to be shrunk down(you are usually working with quite a few at a time) so they don't crash the program, which is easy to do in Photoshop Elements, so buy them both, if you can there are some nice little "tools" that play off of each other, usually they will sell the two at a reduced price. I also bought "The Muvipix.com Guide to Premier Elements"- it is a pretty good book to have as all of Adobe seems to be not so "user friendly". :)
this can be installed on a Mac Computer. Be sure to purchase the one with both a disk for a mac and a disk for a PC
Yes, it does freeze frame. There is a "Tools" button on the bottom of the application and the freeze frame option is listed there. You can set your marker in the time line, use the option and set the time duration to add the still to your film. If you want to test this program out, you can download a trial from Adobe's website. It's pretty good.
I bought 12 and it came with discs for Windows and Mac in the same box. I installed on a 64 bit Windows 7 machine with no problem. Just make sure that when you purchase, the item tells you it is discs and not a software download.
Yes
I use photoshop elements 12 for photographs. Premiere elements is mainly used for video I believe.
That depends on why your Movie Maker videos are jumpy and unwatchable. If the source files are not jumpy, Premiere Elements would not make them jumpy due to editing. But if the cause of the jumpiness is due to poor-quality source video or not having enough computer processing power/RAM/HD speed, PE won't change anything.
I can't help, as I do not have a Mac. But I would think you might the answers on the Adobe website.?
It's working for me
Don't understand the question
Yes you can. You you can cut from either end, and put in any section of any tack anywhere within that track, and fade in and out to flow/smooth it all out nicely. I believe you can have multiple tracks also. I have not used it as much as I'd like, but from what I have found you can do almost anything your mind is capable of creating. The biggest problem with the music was the files it "accepts"...WAV and mp3...which my itunes library is not compatible, so I had to burn a playlist of the songs from itunes that I wanted, and rip them back into windows media player as a WAV file and save it to a folder THEN I could use them in Premier, also the photos and video files had to be shrunk down(you are usually working with quite a few at a time) so they don't crash the program, which is easy to do in Photoshop Elements, so buy them both, if you can there are some nice little "tools" that play off of each other, usually they will sell the two at a reduced price. I also bought "The Muvipix.com Guide to Premier Elements"- it is a pretty good book to have as all of Adobe seems to be not so "user friendly". :)
this can be installed on a Mac Computer. Be sure to purchase the one with both a disk for a mac and a disk for a PC
Yes, it does freeze frame. There is a "Tools" button on the bottom of the application and the freeze frame option is listed there. You can set your marker in the time line, use the option and set the time duration to add the still to your film. If you want to test this program out, you can download a trial from Adobe's website. It's pretty good.
I bought 12 and it came with discs for Windows and Mac in the same box. I installed on a 64 bit Windows 7 machine with no problem. Just make sure that when you purchase, the item tells you it is discs and not a software download.
Yes
I use photoshop elements 12 for photographs. Premiere elements is mainly used for video I believe.
That depends on why your Movie Maker videos are jumpy and unwatchable. If the source files are not jumpy, Premiere Elements would not make them jumpy due to editing. But if the cause of the jumpiness is due to poor-quality source video or not having enough computer processing power/RAM/HD speed, PE won't change anything.
I can't help, as I do not have a Mac. But I would think you might the answers on the Adobe website.?
It's working for me
Don't understand the question
Not if you maintain the information in a local PC file rather than working through Ancestry.com's site. Use the product and keep the files to yourself on your PC and you won't lose anything.
Just go to your new version of FTM and click on open and then on your old data for family tree it will automatically update what you have to the new version, might also ask you a few questions if this is what you want to do and of course you do.
I have used this product for over 10 years and have never synced with Ancestry.com (my privacy concerns). The files are maintained locally and I keep a backup on a separate removable device. I establish and use the membership, cancelling in the month to limit financial exposure, and then reestablish a membership later when I need it. I have never found this to cause me to lose information, as the files are maintained locally on my PC.
I am not sure. I installed it on Windows 8 and it worked--a little glitchy on occasion but it worked. I then upgraded to and had nothing but problems. Not only would this not work but neither would a lot of other programs (and I have a brand new decked out HP laptop picked out by an IT pro). Anyway, so I reinstalled 8 and it all works good again. I would just make sure to back up EVERY TIME you use the program.
Do not waste your money. Need I say more! Purchased the online upgrade CD not the download. When I got it it did not work on three computers Running W 7 64 bit. Had to Install manualy and Thank God I only tried one and did a backup before i did. Still did not work, Hung up, freezes, would not upload media etc. Downloaded patch and got worse to the point of the dreaded BLUE SCREEN. SCARY! Sent it back asked for refund and got refund two months later after several emails. So, decided to try a STORE Bought version $80.00 thinking perhaps it would be better. Installed just fine but media took forever and still hung up and frezes. So thru it back to. I have been a user of FTM and a subscriber to Ancetsry since 1993. This is the first time a software has had so many issues. One more thing, did not see much difference between 2012 version and new version other than it is more color coded which you can do that with 2012 and you still can only sync to one computer. So will wait till they come up with more patches or a better software.
It says 2014 on the computer.
I had older copy of ftm that worked on my vista based computer,i tried to download it and retrive my olded files from the vista software to my wimdows 8 computer and it would not work I had to buy a newer version of FTM for the win.8 computer and copy of of the old files to a flash drive and copy into the new FTM software. Hope this helps gary
If the Broderbund's program allows you to save the file as, or is convertible too, a gedcom file ( GEnealogical Data COMmunications format) then you should be able to import the file. Keep in mind though gedcom is a basic file, no media will be imported. From past experience you will also probably have some cleanup work to do once imported, but is the easiest way to convert. Converting one file format to another, or one program to another, has never gone as advertized, or has ever been glitched free for me.
I would say yes. I haven't been able to install 2014, getting numerous fails and errors and the customer service with ancestry is awful. If 2014 can't handle a simple installation then heaven know else would go wrong. I currently use the 2012 version and have been very happy with it. There s a lot of great upgrades in 2012 that i found helpful (I had upgraded from 2008 to 2012). I'm attempting to get my money back for the 2014 and will stick with 2012.
Virginia, As long as you have the proper O/S (operating system) and space you should be good to go.
Just the US. If you also want to subscribe to the World membership you pay the difference between the two. Call the Ancestry customer service 800# and they will work it out for you. You cannot do this just on the web site.
I looked this up for you. Carol Difference between Family Tree Maker software editions The Family Tree Maker software line is a popular product that comes in four versions. It can be a little difficult to figure out what's best for your needs, so we've created a guide to help you decide. Family Tree Maker comes in Essentials, Standard, Deluxe and Collector's Editions (listed in order of price). The Family Tree Maker software is the same between ALL of the versions. The only differences between the Essentials, Standard, Deluxe and Collector's Edition are the length of the included Ancestry subscription and the included exclusive bonus items. Let's break it down! Ancestry Subscription: Essentials: 3 months included Standard: 6 months included Deluxe: 9 months included Collector's: 12 months (1 year) included Keep in mind that the Ancestry subscription begins from the time of registration, and is usually for new subscriptions only. You may be able to extend an existing subscription, but that usually requires that you contact the Ancestry support team and ask. Exclusive Bonus Items: Each higher version includes the bonus items from the previous version. Essentials Edition includes: 30-minute Introductory Genealogy Consultation Official Family Tree Maker Training DVD Official Family Tree Newsletter 3 months Ancestry subscription Standard Edition includes: Everything from the Essentials Edition Family Tree Workbook Genealogy Dictionary Additional 3 months on your Ancestry subscription (6 months total) Deluxe Edition includes: Everything from the Essentials Edition Everything from the Standard Edition Historical Documents of your Ancestors Historical Maps & Images Collection Images & Photos Collection Reference Library GenSmarts for MyFamily.com Additional 3 months on your Ancestry subscription (9 months total) Collectors Edition includes: Everything from the Essentials Edition Everything from the Standard Edition Everything from the Deluxe Edition The Official Guide to Family Tree Maker Additional 3 months on your Ancestry subscription (12 months total)
You can use it by itself, but it will only have the data you input. I have mine set to auto sync with Ancestry so that either will update the other. Then if I am somewhere without internet, like a small county courthouse, I can do my research, input it on my laptop, and sync it later.
Don't remember the 95/98 edition, but if you can export in GEDCOM format then you can import it into this version. WIth this format you loose the pictures you might have input but all the the relationships and data are there. bye.
Yes! Simply export your file using the export link, save it directly to your new program. Make sure you include all notes, photos and documents (the progrM will ask if you wish to include thse) and your new program will then have everything includex! I had no problems with this. Also check out the HELP function. This will walk you through it step by step.
Yes! Go to Tools, then click on Options. You will find many options and one is to change font size. Hope this helps.
Yes, FTM 2014 enables you to export your chart in a PDF format and a One Page PDF. Once you create your chart on the Publish Workspace, click on the Share Icon on the upper right and you are given those two choices and more. --- Joe L
You won't need to do a manual download, Ancestry.com will do that for you when you open your Family Tree Maker on your computer. The two data bases (Ancestry.com and FTM) will "sync" up with each other automatically. When you add data to FTM it will sync with Amcestry.com when you exit the program. When you go online and add data to Ancestry.com it will sync up the next time you open the FTM program on your computer. You can also download your family tree from Ancestory.com and FTM into a GEDCOM file that can be uploaded to other genealogy programs and websites.
It does not write over your prior version, but if you are using Ancestry.com when you sync everything is going to load onto your your 2014 version.
Yes
I don't have this particular version, but I have had Family Tree Maker in the past and I've been an Ancestry member since 2008. There are several benefits to using the software over just having an on-line tree. The first is that except for images you find ON ANCESTRY, chances are that for ANY other image you will first download it to your computer and at some time in the future MAYBE upload it to Ancestry. This allows you to have that in your tree immediately, whether you ever upload it or not. Second, often there is information you don't want to put on-line. It may be personal information (I found two relatives who are registered sex offenders . . .), or it may be information that is insignificant (a single line in an old newspaper mentioning that my grandmother played a piano piece at a music teacher's recital). It might also be information that some hotheaded relative will raise hell about even though it doesn't involve them. Third, you may have LOADS of information and only want to put some of it online. I downloaded the ENTIRE high school yearbooks of two of my aunts and my grandmother. Nobody wants to have to wade through 225 pages PER yearbook, so I put excerpts. (Lest you think that sounds weird . . . I also found two cousins' yearbook and downloaded those, and scanned my high school yearbook, my brother's yearboook, my junior year yearbook, two junior high yearbooks, and some of my law school yearbooks. But I digress ...) Fourth, with pictures of documents, they really aren't much use to most people unless they are transcribed, so they'll be searchable. You might not want spend time transcribing since you can just read the document. Also, these programs generally have more options about print layout, etc. Ancestry has to aim for "the lowest common denominator" -- folks who upload a few photos, search for and find a few census records, and move on. Beginners and "short termers" aren't going to spend $100 on genealogy software and folks who do are going to learn how to use it. There are also more options for storing, uploading and transferring information. Anyone serious about genealogy quickly learns that each generation of a tree quickly expands "laterally" -- first brothers and sisters, then spouses of brothers and sisters, then brothers and sisters of the spouses, then spouses of THOSE brothers and sisters, etc. On Ancestry, if you "copy" a person to another tree, it only transfers MINIMAL information. It DOESN'T transfer all the residence entries, the source entries, etc. So if you want to MOVE someone to a new tree or COPY that person to a tree, you have to manually move/copy all the other entries.
You can choose to NOT have automatic syncing, which is what I always do. There is a button that says Sync Now, and information shows the sync conditions of both your desktop and ancestry.com trees. (I also disable automatic backups in FTM2014 but perform a manual backup before doing any Sync Now.)
According to the Family Tree Maker section of the Help section at ancestry.com, you should be able to install FTM on two computers. There is a toll-free number you can call if you have any problems.
***Disgusting***I bought this package thinking that if I needed to I could upgrade from USA to World for the difference in cost of the two. I called their help line and was told they did not upgrade the "free" time part of my package and I would need to pay full price if I wanted to upgrade. I think something is amiss here! This is not my only complaint about Ancestry.com. ***Update:*** After reviewing written documentation and carefully considerating issues like false advertising I tried calling their help line again. This time the person helping me checked with a superior and said yes I would get a discount for upgrading. It only cost a little less than ten dollars a month for a six month upgrade. At least this problem is hopefully solved now.
The Platinum Edition has six months of Ancestry.com included, as opposed to three with the Deluxe Edition, and also comes with "The Companion Guide To Family Tree Maker," a 300+ page printed user guide that includes research tips.
Yes, you will get 6 months of the US (not the World) membership for free. You have to call the 800# (800-262-3787) and talk to a very nice customer service rep. If you are already a World member, the cost of the US membership will be subtracted from what you owe. I believe you must already have the new software installed on your computer and registered prior to requesting this offer.
Yes you can get it as a down load directly from ancestry.com ( http://www.ancestry.com/cs/apps/products )
The Platinum Edition has six months of Ancestry.com included, as opposed to three with the Deluxe Edition, and also comes with "The Companion Guide To Family Tree Maker," a 300+ page printed user guide that includes research tips.
All your family information is saved in the location of your choice. Default is the installation drive. A copy of your data can be stored on the Ancestry website if you choose to sync and share your information with them.
Yes. It works well
I have used American Greetings create a card for over 20 years and was very sad to hear it was no longer available for Windows 7. I bought the Hallmark Card Studio Deluxe and have found it to be as good as or even better than the American Greetings Create a card software. The address book and calendar are almost identical and also have a pop-up to let you know an occasion is coming up for a card. Hallmark Card Studio Deluxe is great!
Have used both the basic and deluxe versions. I have found over the years that any of the deluxe versions of card s/w is worth every penny as there are more options as well as more cards. I literally created hundreds of cards per year, so options in design, wording, and creativity are appreciated greatly. As I said in my review of Hallmark's product, the upgrades with their many malfunctions are troublesome; but it the user can get past those problems, usage of the s/w is enjoyable.
Yes. the software will set you up for a 4X5 size; then it's up to your printer to print that size.
Yes you can with the edit buttons
I have not tried it for that. Honestly, I was very disappointed with the poor resolution when I printed a folded full card that I have not used it since. My intent was to create the cards and then send to UPS for professional color printing on card stock. The cards printed that way are only about $1.50 each so I thought it was a great alternative... but the quality just was not there... the wording was not crisp but rather blurred.
Yes they will. We are pleased with the Program, but it does take just a little practice for the first 3-4 cards, as the Onscreen TABS at the top are a little different than what you are used to in something like a Microsoft "RIBBON", and while the Printer capability is very extensive, we would like something in there to show what setup we have "SAVED" for a particular Printer. (It can do anything, but sometimes we forgot if we had 2-sided printing already set-up, and usually made a test print on blank paper to make sure.
The cards print beautifully on laser printers. I use laser because it bakes the ink, and it won't smudge like some ink jet printers
I would do a full install of the program assuming you have enough available hard drive space. Next I hope you have an Intel Pentium 4 or faster. After that I have no magic advice. Hopefully your printer is appropriately installed to function with your computer. Printing a test page would confirm this. Sometimes it is confusing about Print or Print Now. Also sometimes you must configure your printer to make sure it prints things where they should be and in the proper orientation. There is a configure your printer now button. As I said--I have no magic. Check these things out and if necessary contact Tech Support as suggested on page 34 of your Quick Start Guide. I hope this helps. My wife and I LOVE this program.
On the back of the card you click on the words you want to delete, then right click and hit DELETE. Then you click on TEXT on the left side and write what you want. You can move that text around by clicking on it. Hope this helps.
We are using Windows 8. Should be no problem with W7 - and I'm sure that was specified in the product information.
yes, 5 x 7 and about 50 other sizes from a pull-down in the menu when you go to print screen.
yes
You can design any card, at the end of the project when print is clicked you have the option on single sheet (A4) single fold or double fold. So you can have single sheet printed one or both sodded, single fold across the width with project printed on either or both sides or a double fold, is you end up with a card one sister the size of you paper with print on all four of the pages You fold the paper after printing a flat a4 sheet To answer the question, yes you can print on the inside and outside of a project you make. Happy craft construction....
Yes, it does. It will remind you to check for updates!
No, you don't have to go online to print or anything else for that matter. I have used Hallmark for years and bought new ones every few years, love it and fun to personalize the cards. Since cards are so expensive I have recouped my cost of the program and card paper a long time ago.
Yes, you can customize monthly, weekly and daily calendars. You can also include holidays and special events from your Event Planner.
I have used any card paper successfully
By contacting Hallmark, you should get the answer to that question. The program does have an Export As PDF that will do that.
I purchase Hallmark Card Studio usually every two years. The 2014 studio does have some new cards etc than my 2012.
I have windows 8 and I think 8.1 is basically the same.
.npp, any type of picture, .pdf, and .pub files.
I believe it's 3, as long as they are all registered to the same person and the same as the purchaser.
Hi Junie, coming from owning a tech support business for over 13 years I do not know why you can not import your Project Files over to the new version. Very difficult to find any place online that says you can't. I setup a ton of new computers for people and move their personal data files over to their new computers with very few problems. You are only moving project files over from a two generation old product so I do not see any problems there unless Nova Development changed their file format for their projects recently. I did not find any mention or come across Pro Publisher changing to a new file format for their publishing program. So I would highly doubt it here in your situation that you would not have any problems being able to bring your old Publisher Project files & import them into the new Publisher Pro 3.0 program.
It's for multiple PC's.
The only thing I can see that's alphabetized are the categories. If you search for a particular object, say "daisy" for example, it brings up a whole category and you have to do a visual search. I just got this program a short time ago and have not really used it, so there may be something I'm missing, but that's my experience so far.
I do not have Windows 8 - can't help you.
Haven't used it in several weeks. But I recall double-clicking anywhere in the text and the cursor then appears at the beginning. Should be intuitive from there.
Myself don't have an older version of Print Artist, but P.A. does have the capabilities to import files from other similar programs. Hope that helps.
yes
We have made cards for Thank You, Sympathy, Get Well, Weddings, and Anniversaries and find the graphics files large and extensive. There a lot of categories and you should be able to find what you want. Plus you can import your own photos and graphics. We haven't made an actual calendar.
It has worked with my Windows 8.1. I don't know whether it is finicky about the age of the computer, since mine is only a year old.
Yes it has a project for Newsletters, calendars, cards, and many more.
I've used it to make posters, but it has the ability to also make letterhead and newsletters - and most other stationery needs. It took some getting used to before I could effectively work with the text - practice makes perfect. I like Print Artist but I do not use it as much as Hallmark.
I do not know the answer for pa 25 At one time pa was a great graphics program. I my opinion they have trashed a very good program. They no longer furnish all of the graphics on the dvds. Other features have been lost. I own all of the old programs and NEVER again will I waste my money on them. I called them once and was told that you have to get the graphics online.
No, there are no recurring fees for the software itself. Only if you have subscriptions within it for various things such as payroll, credit cards, etc.
Wgpenguin, Yes you can. Gita Faust
Thank you for your question and "Yes" all of your existing lists and transactions should transfer into the latest version as long as there is no data damage. For good measure, we recommend that you run your QB data utilities and make a backup prior to updating your file to the newer version. Thanks again and have a Great Day!
Yes it has all versions and you can toggle to any of them.
Good Day Dennis, Yes, you will be provided with your license information from Intuit along with a Welcome Kit & Re-Install CD that will be shipped to you. We are all ex-Intuit Tier 3 Support Specialists who are here to help. If you make your QB Enterprise purchase through us at A+SalesCentral we can offer you up to (2) free hours of installation support with your purchase to assist you in getting up and running as smoothly as possible. Thank you for your question and have a great day!
It should work, I checked the packaging since I have it installed on my computer which has Windows 8. Operating system: Works with XP SP3 and above, Vista SP1 and Windows7/8 (32 and 64 bit).
I have it loaded and working on both my Windows 7 and my Windows 8.1. You should try it on both. The only thing that could happen, is the computer rejecting it.
I do not believe so unless you have upgraded all along.
It has QIF import! I have given more info on another answer.
Yes. Works exactly as previous versions.
Yes, this package included the disk.
it will not import quicken files from last version. they are playing games here to get you to buy a cheaper version with limits. not nice to do but this is their business model. I doubt if it will import anything but wouldn't it be nice if a comma delimited file might work if someone developes an overseer program.
I have 5 accounts and I don't think there is a maximum number of accounts stated anywhere. If I had 20 more accounts it looks like starter edition would handle them just fine. Don
I'm using it for 4 accounts. At one time I had 5.
Sorry I do not know the answer to that, as I don't have a stock portfolio.
Quicken 2014 for Windows - Full Version on Disc for Windows XP thru Windows 8
yes it can be installed, it work with Windows XP SP2+, Vista, Windows 7 (32-and 64-bit), Windows 8 (32-and 64-bit)
You can install Quicken on up to three computers running the same operating system, as described in their respective Quicken End User License Agreements. You do not have to purchase additional copies of Quicken to install it on the second and third computer.
yes! you can network with a mobile app just download and use your username and password to link with your pc!
The same product, just a sold by a different merchant or seller for a different price.
Quicken Bill Pay is an online bill pay service that works with Quicken personal finance software, although the software is not necessary to use the service. Quicken Bill Pay is a service from Intuit, the same company that runs PayTrust online bill pay service.
Hi Sandra, I love Printmaster and when I upgraded to Windows 8.1, I found that Printmaster 18.1 would not run on the new Windows platform. Through much research I was advised to download and install Net Framework 1.1 and all would be well, not so. I then purchased PM Plat. 6.0, believing that this newer version would be the answer, not so. I have had crashes in the middle of projects losing hours of work, I am extremely frustrated to say the least. I have been using PM for many years and it has always been head and shoulders in performance above the rest. I sincerely hope that Encore works on this problem and gets it right. It almost caused me to go back to drinking again! :) Hang In There!
Easiest is to use a preset template and use clipart that comes with program. I was able to make a blank card and import clipart of my own from another source. I didn't try different formats, so cannot yet give complete answer. Sizing import is not obvious like illustrator or even Word. PrintMaster is at it's best when used to make easy card, flyer, calendar or page with your own photos.
It worked OK. But it's nothing close to the old Printmaster that I had. The clip art was a great disappointment. And it was harder to work with. Now I'm stuck with it. I took it off and bought a different program. JC
Works with both.
I was very disappointed in Platinum V6 and had to go back to my old PM 18.1 in order to open my old files. I was in a bind: Had a new 8.1 computer that wouldn't recognize or accept my years of designs from many programs and wouldn't let me install my older programs so actually bought a new Windows 7 pro and installed all my old programs. I think the "cloud" is the technology of the future but what about our files of the past and present? I now have two computers. Dumb, but no options. FYI, I am 84.
Yes, had not thought about stationary. I design my own Christmas cards and note cards/birthday cards. Using my own photos or drawings. Print them out for use. Scan a photo etc. and save to use on note cards etc. Fun to use your own imagination or photos instead of graphics in the program.
it should be, yes
Forget it. Had my tech support do it and he complain about how long it took. First time I used it, I was pissed because it is time consuming to use and more importantly it has NOTHING that Print shop has. What a waste. Don't buy it. I had to locate one of our Dells that still had Printshop. I wish there was a graphics software that worked with the new Macs. Sorry to disappoint.
From the help files: Adding Text 1. To add a photo caption or other text to a page, click on the Text section of the Design Tools and click on the Add Text button. Alternately, choose Insert &gt; Add Text from the menu or click on the Add Text icon on the toolbar. 2. A text box will appear in the middle of the page. For editing purposes, a light gray outline will appear around the text. This outline will not appear in the project's final output (print, JPEG images, etc.). 3. Type your text in the text box. To change style elements after typing the text, highlight the portion of the text to change (any portion may be selected and changed independently of the rest of the text) and make the desired changes. Click and drag to move the text box. Click on one of the gray handles (small boxes) around the edges of the text box to resize the text box. Editing Text To change the contents of a text box, double-click on the text box, or click on the text box to select it and then click the Edit Text button in the Design Tools. Highlight text in the text preview area by holding the mouse button down as you drag over the text to select. Change style elements of the selected text using the available options in the Text area of the Design Tools.
Probably, although I'm not sure. I have Mac OS 10.7.5, and it wasn't compatible.
I bought this program because I had contcted print shop and I was told it was so I bought it, this was a good program in the past but now it is one of the worse programs I have bought, so my advice is to not purchase this product, but if you still wantbto buy I have one for sale,,, my advise would be to purchase microsoft publisher, this does just about everything that I need, just have a small learning curve,,,
Yeah, they don't do that, you have to go to this link http://www.printshop.com/user-guide/35.aspx and it must be said... they are STILL working out bugs on that piece of... software
No, there isn't anything extra. There's just the regular User's guide which you will find hidden under the "help" button in the upper part of the screen (on the right side). This user's guide is separated for version 3.0 and 3.5, same appears to the video tutorials which you can find there, too. But the software seems to being directed to Win 8 users. For me, using still XP it's too complicated to use, so usually I prefer to work with my Print shop 21 instead. Best regards, Heinz
I have run into issues with large images with this program before, this version of printshop is the worst I have ever seen so I wouldnt be surprised.
No I don't think so, the new Print Shop is not as good as the older version, but neither is Win 8 oe 8.1
You may be able to get it back with the "undo" option under the "edit" tab. If that doesn't work it was probably lost to a glitch. 3.5 is the worst version of this program I have ever seen. Good luck I hope it works for you!
I am returning my copy. It works with Windows 7 but no single project can be more than 20mg. It has great features but crashes and you cannot retrieve what you have created. It is a known defect, they told me they are working on it! They told me to try Print Shop 23.
Look at the bottom of your project page
I don't know exactly, but I would suspect that if you used their cards or any of their photo's or illustrations, that you might be in trouble. If you are using your photos and illustrations you might be okay, but don't take my word for it.
Yes, it does. That is specifically why I purchased it...because PrintShop 23 did not work on a Win 8 or 8.1 system. However, if you read my review, you will see I am VERY disappointed in this new version.
It is compatible and does work with previous versions of printshop. The problem I found with it so far is that it does not allow you to make tables and does not permit you to acquire scanned photos directly. Both were part of previous versions. I find transition from earlier Printshops is much more complicated. The format has changed and has more moving parts which is time consuming. I kept version 23 on my other computer which is much easier to use. I am trying to return 3.5 but have had no response after filling out return form. Bottom line I am not happy with 3.5.
If you find one, please let the rest of the world know. I miss PrintShop a lot, but the new 3.5 is worthless and I sent mine back. Hopefully they will come up with something.
If you go to the "FIND" on top of the project and type in BORDERS, the program will give you 27 pages of borders. Good luck
I don`t know if it works on XP but it didn`t work on 8. I sent it back and I`m waiting on one to work on 8
I couldn't find it either. Very disappointed in this version.
not at all improved for my needs....don't use it.....was a waste of money
Yes, but I could not ever get it to print labels correctly.
Each copy of the program is licensed for one computer. So if you have more then one computer, you will need to purchase a copy of the program for the other computers as well.
Yes you can as long as you have the activation code or product key that you will receive with your original download.
Every time windows did an update I had to reload 3.5 printshop in order to make it work properly. I got tired of doing that and took it back. I just used my printshop 21 and installed it on my windows 8 machine and it works. Altho when you run the printshop 21 installation it actually says it is not compatible and may not run. But I tried it anyway, and it worked. I have an HP laptop that is about 1.5 years old, running windows 8.1, with 16 gig of ram. So it is a fairly up to date machine.
Probably should read 2014.
So did I, but that option seems to be going away. The download works ok. So far I have only had one problem that required me to dump the program and start over. Worked out fine. Just had to go into McAfee's web site, sign in and down load again. If you dig deep enough you may still find the install disk from a different source, but they will want more $$$.
Dear Janice, This is the retail package. Best Regards, Chatwin Direct.
Probably should read 2014.
So did I, but that option seems to be going away. The download works ok. So far I have only had one problem that required me to dump the program and start over. Worked out fine. Just had to go into McAfee's web site, sign in and down load again. If you dig deep enough you may still find the install disk from a different source, but they will want more $$$.
Dear Janice, This is the retail package. Best Regards, Chatwin Direct.
yes
I'm not sure. This is good for my kids. I bought it for my 6th grader since regular free typing sites weren't enough and he was just using them to play around. My 10th grader also uses this and her typing has improved for easier writing assignments.
Absolutely, I can now say I can type efficiently
Sorry I don't know.
I have the Personal Edition on my PC and It is compatible with Windows 7 (and 8). It does not offer 10-key training; however, there are fee 10-key training tutorials on the Internet. As an experienced typist, one who previously typed 80+ WPM, and who is returning to the job market, the Mavis Beacon tutorial provided the structure and required discipline for me to achieve my goal of a minimum 60 WMP for prospective employer typing tests.
I think so. I use it on my brand new mac book pro.
It can be used on a Mac or Windows PC. It should run on anything manufactured in the last 4-5 years.
I have not seen the option on mine. But thanks for asking, I will check
Yes
Yes
Yes it will I have Windows 8.1
There are no representations on the box one way or another. The ESET website says yes to macs without stipulation so a guess would be yes, but an inquiry to the website would be in order: http://www.eset.com/us/back-to-school/multi-device-security/?ref=AFC-CJ&attr=7603059&pub=11905379&shop=V2_0663aesEV6
Norton has really gone down hill over the years and 360 consistently makes your computer slower. Ditch and come over to eset antivirus, it's light weight and will catch that adware virus you're suffering from.
Yes, It can run on Windows 8 because I am using it one two windows 8
Not sure, I recall the license key being in the inside cover of the CD case that it came in.
This ESET smart security is for only one year subscription. It is to be use on three different computers for only one year, with the same "username" and "password" for all three computers.
I also purchased the 3 users version but have so far only used it on one PC. I also had Norton prior to getting ESET, and it was totally useless - I had pop-ups all over the place. You can and should delete Norton from your system as I understand having two security systems on one PC would de-stablize it. ESET is great, I have not had any problem since installing it several months ago. They also have an excellent live person help line. If you have problem deleting Norton, they can probably walk you through the process.
I have not seen the option on mine. But thanks for asking, I will check
Yes
Yes
Yes it will I have Windows 8.1
There are no representations on the box one way or another. The ESET website says yes to macs without stipulation so a guess would be yes, but an inquiry to the website would be in order: http://www.eset.com/us/back-to-school/multi-device-security/?ref=AFC-CJ&attr=7603059&pub=11905379&shop=V2_0663aesEV6
Norton has really gone down hill over the years and 360 consistently makes your computer slower. Ditch and come over to eset antivirus, it's light weight and will catch that adware virus you're suffering from.
Yes, It can run on Windows 8 because I am using it one two windows 8
Not sure, I recall the license key being in the inside cover of the CD case that it came in.
This ESET smart security is for only one year subscription. It is to be use on three different computers for only one year, with the same "username" and "password" for all three computers.
I also purchased the 3 users version but have so far only used it on one PC. I also had Norton prior to getting ESET, and it was totally useless - I had pop-ups all over the place. You can and should delete Norton from your system as I understand having two security systems on one PC would de-stablize it. ESET is great, I have not had any problem since installing it several months ago. They also have an excellent live person help line. If you have problem deleting Norton, they can probably walk you through the process.
Yes it works wonderfully with windows 8.
Yes. I bought 3 licenses version and I'm currently using on windows 7 and windows xp. It is working perfectly.
Renew your licence for a further year.
Pretty complete system. Its not really a good Idea to have two internet security software running at the same time.
Disk
Just depends on what you use the PC. If your not on the internet, you shouldn't be at risk; unless you are sharing files with other people maybe by usb drives or portable hard drives. If your computer is not exposed to anything from the outside, you don't even need antivirus. As I understand Webroot AV, it acts as line of defense to prevent the pc from catching the virus from the internet or other sources (infected USB drives and hard drives). It found viruses on my laptop after I installed so it works in that way as well. So if you already got a virus, you will need to be connected to the internet. With your 15gb plan, you will be getting on the internet so it should protect you from catching any viruses and warn you of dangerous webpages that may be infected and identify any viruses you may already have.
no its a pretty good antivirus
I'm not sure of the number on this version, however, if you are interested in product go to Webroot.com or webrootanywhere.com. Good luck!
Yes I have windows 8.1 and it works fine
You would have to go into your WebRoot account and change your payment details and give an account they can take it from. Like PayPal or another credit card.
Yes it works wonderfully with windows 8.
Yes. I bought 3 licenses version and I'm currently using on windows 7 and windows xp. It is working perfectly.
Renew your licence for a further year.
Pretty complete system. Its not really a good Idea to have two internet security software running at the same time.
Disk
Just depends on what you use the PC. If your not on the internet, you shouldn't be at risk; unless you are sharing files with other people maybe by usb drives or portable hard drives. If your computer is not exposed to anything from the outside, you don't even need antivirus. As I understand Webroot AV, it acts as line of defense to prevent the pc from catching the virus from the internet or other sources (infected USB drives and hard drives). It found viruses on my laptop after I installed so it works in that way as well. So if you already got a virus, you will need to be connected to the internet. With your 15gb plan, you will be getting on the internet so it should protect you from catching any viruses and warn you of dangerous webpages that may be infected and identify any viruses you may already have.
no its a pretty good antivirus
I'm not sure of the number on this version, however, if you are interested in product go to Webroot.com or webrootanywhere.com. Good luck!
Yes I have windows 8.1 and it works fine
You would have to go into your WebRoot account and change your payment details and give an account they can take it from. Like PayPal or another credit card.
I have put this on my old computer for my mom which was running Windows 7 and she says it works great for it. I have it on my Windows 8 computer myself and absolutely love it, but I don't use Apple products. I would double check with their customer service to see if this would be supported in Apple products, but it does work amazing for Android products (I currently have it on my Samsung Galaxy S4 and my Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 and I was surprised by how easily it operates in the background and how fast it gets rid of threats).
Yes it does. Bought a 2 year plan and had no problems/virus
yes it does
Thank you for your question. I can only answer for myself as a private owner not a business. I want to sell my product and put an attractive price in the process reducing my margin. Hope it helps. Clem
You do not need both. SecureAnywhere Internet Security provides everything that Webroot's antivirus product provides plus the ability to protect your tablet/smartphone and account logins/passwords.
I would run webroot and malwarebytes (free download) both.
No
It is a disc with a key code and from what I can tall, it has a firewall.
No
Yes
Yes, runs on any system with Microsoft. Including W8. Epick
The one that I purchased is a one-year subscription. However, I believe both one and two-year subscription plans are available.
I believe that "smart security" edition has a broader spectrum of protection that just the antivirus; the antivirus being the centerpoint of the SS edition, but I don't know this for sure. I have found the antivirus to be adequate without further protection. Always remember that increased security means committing more of your computer's resources to that security. In programs like Norton and AVG, this cuts down on performance and subjugates your computer to those security programs.
I'm not a computer guy, but mine is working in 2015 so answer must be YES
Yes. My family has it running well on Windows Vista, 7, & 8.1.
They have a MAC version that is different from the Widows version.
Yes
Check the Internet for their phone number (I believe in San Diego). I cannot answer that question.
I suggest you contact ESET. It has been several months since I installed ESET and I was given an activation code with my disk. I did not install through a download.
Yes.
Yes, runs on any system with Microsoft. Including W8. Epick
The one that I purchased is a one-year subscription. However, I believe both one and two-year subscription plans are available.
I believe that "smart security" edition has a broader spectrum of protection that just the antivirus; the antivirus being the centerpoint of the SS edition, but I don't know this for sure. I have found the antivirus to be adequate without further protection. Always remember that increased security means committing more of your computer's resources to that security. In programs like Norton and AVG, this cuts down on performance and subjugates your computer to those security programs.
I'm not a computer guy, but mine is working in 2015 so answer must be YES
Yes. My family has it running well on Windows Vista, 7, & 8.1.
They have a MAC version that is different from the Widows version.
Yes
Check the Internet for their phone number (I believe in San Diego). I cannot answer that question.
I suggest you contact ESET. It has been several months since I installed ESET and I was given an activation code with my disk. I did not install through a download.
Yes.
Hi Jack, Backing up to the cloud is an optional feature and is not turned on by default. If you don't want to back up to the cloud then do nothing after installing Webroot. If you do want to back up to the cloud at a later stage you'll have to turn on this feature manually. Regards, Darren
Yes, the default is no automatic backup to the cloud. You need to take a specific action to set it up.
Yes
I would say this is the current version. That said, if you bought a 3-year old version it would be automatically updated by Webroot to the current one anyway. If you would like to be 100% certain visit the website and look at what the current packaging looks like http://www.webroot.com (sure looks the same to me).
It's not required to remove McAfee, but McAfee will no longer be needed. I removed ALL other protection and extremely pleased with Webroot. And I'm pretty sure that removal of all other antivirus programs will only allow Webroot to run more smoothly.
Yes. Popup windows can be blocked in your browser's security settings, for that matter. I have experienced several instances of Webroot blocking known, dangerous sites.
Yes
It has a customer support button inside of the program where you can find answers or text questions free of charge to Webroot without a third party. I personally have never had to use this service as the program has been totally problem free and has exceeded all of my expectations.
No. It is not an adblocker. Firefox with ad block plus can do that for you. This is an anti-virus anti-malware product.
As far as I Know It does--I have been using it and never had a problem with on-line purchases
Hi Jack, Backing up to the cloud is an optional feature and is not turned on by default. If you don't want to back up to the cloud then do nothing after installing Webroot. If you do want to back up to the cloud at a later stage you'll have to turn on this feature manually. Regards, Darren
Yes, the default is no automatic backup to the cloud. You need to take a specific action to set it up.
Yes
I would say this is the current version. That said, if you bought a 3-year old version it would be automatically updated by Webroot to the current one anyway. If you would like to be 100% certain visit the website and look at what the current packaging looks like http://www.webroot.com (sure looks the same to me).
It's not required to remove McAfee, but McAfee will no longer be needed. I removed ALL other protection and extremely pleased with Webroot. And I'm pretty sure that removal of all other antivirus programs will only allow Webroot to run more smoothly.
Yes. Popup windows can be blocked in your browser's security settings, for that matter. I have experienced several instances of Webroot blocking known, dangerous sites.
Yes
It has a customer support button inside of the program where you can find answers or text questions free of charge to Webroot without a third party. I personally have never had to use this service as the program has been totally problem free and has exceeded all of my expectations.
No. It is not an adblocker. Firefox with ad block plus can do that for you. This is an anti-virus anti-malware product.
As far as I Know It does--I have been using it and never had a problem with on-line purchases
my understanding is that the one user, creates the account with norton and you can then put it onto two other computers as you want to in your case. they may or may not need to put in your email address. i purchased this product and didn't have to for mine. i have it installed on my two desktops and my laptop with no problems. i'm sure it will install for you and your brothers' computers too. hope this helps.
susan, you can use the software on 3 different computers.
Norton claims that it does. In the 2 years since I have been using Norton, I have not had any incidences of malware or trojans. My computer is on and in use at least 15 hours a day, but I am very careful with email attachments and website excursions.
No 2014 is not the newest version. 2015 Version installs on: Microsoft Windows XP (32-bit) Home/Professional/Tablet PC/Media Center (32-bit) with Service Pack 3 (SP 3) or later Microsoft Windows Vista (32-bit and 64-bit) Starter/Home Basic/Home Premium/Business/Ultimate with Service Pack 1 (SP 1) or later Microsoft Windows 7 (32-bit and 64-bit) Starter/Home Basic/Home Premium/Business/Ultimate with Service Pack 1 (SP 1) or later Microsoft Windows 8/8 Pro (32-bit and 64-bit) Microsoft Windows 8.1/8.1 Pro (32-bit and 64-bit) Current and previous two versions of Mac OS X Android 2.3 or later (must have the Google Play app installed) iOS 6 or later
Not good do not buy
The software is on a disc. I don't know about any "backup program" This is an Anti Virus program.
Norton Antivirus 2014 is compatible with Windows 8 and 8.1
You can use it on three pc's
Sorry to say, it will not remove those items. Only virus's that try to infect your computer.
I have the same question. Is this a 12 or 15 month license?
my understanding is that the one user, creates the account with norton and you can then put it onto two other computers as you want to in your case. they may or may not need to put in your email address. i purchased this product and didn't have to for mine. i have it installed on my two desktops and my laptop with no problems. i'm sure it will install for you and your brothers' computers too. hope this helps.
susan, you can use the software on 3 different computers.
Norton claims that it does. In the 2 years since I have been using Norton, I have not had any incidences of malware or trojans. My computer is on and in use at least 15 hours a day, but I am very careful with email attachments and website excursions.
No 2014 is not the newest version. 2015 Version installs on: Microsoft Windows XP (32-bit) Home/Professional/Tablet PC/Media Center (32-bit) with Service Pack 3 (SP 3) or later Microsoft Windows Vista (32-bit and 64-bit) Starter/Home Basic/Home Premium/Business/Ultimate with Service Pack 1 (SP 1) or later Microsoft Windows 7 (32-bit and 64-bit) Starter/Home Basic/Home Premium/Business/Ultimate with Service Pack 1 (SP 1) or later Microsoft Windows 8/8 Pro (32-bit and 64-bit) Microsoft Windows 8.1/8.1 Pro (32-bit and 64-bit) Current and previous two versions of Mac OS X Android 2.3 or later (must have the Google Play app installed) iOS 6 or later
Not good do not buy
The software is on a disc. I don't know about any "backup program" This is an Anti Virus program.
Norton Antivirus 2014 is compatible with Windows 8 and 8.1
You can use it on three pc's
Sorry to say, it will not remove those items. Only virus's that try to infect your computer.
I have the same question. Is this a 12 or 15 month license?
Yes. My OS was Windows 7 Home Premium 64-bit.
works on XP, but do remember that since there is no longer security support for xp, Norton only does what it can do.
If you only bought it for one computer I don't think it'll work on a second one. I was buy for 3 computers.
I wouldnt use Norton at all! I had problem with the install on my brand new computer, contacted them and they wanted to. Harge me $70 to fix their problem! I ended up purchasing Webroot and am very happy!
I do not know I have only tried it on windows 7 and it will work for that
I am really not sure about that because this is my first time using Norton. I usually go with AVG. I thought the price was really good for this and that's why I purchased it. Hope this helps!
Yes.
The purpose is not to make your computer go faster, but to protect it from viruses and spyware; that it does very well.
Yes, it is compatible. That is what I am running it with.
Yes it is
Yes. My OS was Windows 7 Home Premium 64-bit.
works on XP, but do remember that since there is no longer security support for xp, Norton only does what it can do.
If you only bought it for one computer I don't think it'll work on a second one. I was buy for 3 computers.
I wouldnt use Norton at all! I had problem with the install on my brand new computer, contacted them and they wanted to. Harge me $70 to fix their problem! I ended up purchasing Webroot and am very happy!
I do not know I have only tried it on windows 7 and it will work for that
I am really not sure about that because this is my first time using Norton. I usually go with AVG. I thought the price was really good for this and that's why I purchased it. Hope this helps!
Yes.
The purpose is not to make your computer go faster, but to protect it from viruses and spyware; that it does very well.
Yes, it is compatible. That is what I am running it with.
Yes it is
It is very frustrating that Norton can't place a comparison column on their website. I found an article on techsoup.org, written by Debbie Landshoff, that is 2 years old but explained the difference between the two. It stated that they both have anti-virus, anti-spam and anti-spyware etc. but that 360 also adds these extras, which you may or may not need: 360 Adds Startup Management, Data Backup, and PC Maintenance 360 has the following capabilities in addition to those in NIS and NAV. Startup Management Norton Startup Manager displays a list of applications that are set to run at startup and allows the user to stop them from running at startup or to delay them until shortly after startup. This helps shorten the amount of time that you have to wait for your computer to be ready for use. Automatic Backup and Web-Based Backup Access Norton can back up all your files, except for system and program files. You can back up to local or network drives (including flash drives), and you can also use Norton's online backup to store your data in the cloud. You can set up one or several backup routines (called backup sets) that specify the files and folders that you want to back up, the backup location, and the backup schedule. The configurable items are: *What kinds of files to back up, for example pictures, music, email, contacts, and office documents. *The locations you are backing up, such as My Documents and specific drives. *The backup destination: Norton online backup in the cloud, internal or external hard drive, flash drive, or network drive. *Whether the backup runs automatically on a weekly or monthly basis, or manually. For weekly or monthly, you can specify the date and time. If you are on a computer that is not running 360, you can download any file backed up to the cloud by logging in to the Norton Online Backup site. Or, you can log in to that account and email a link to the file to someone else. PC Tuneup 360 cleanup tasks include removing outdated files left behind by Internet Explorer or Windows, optimizing the hard drive, and cleaning up the Windows registry.
Yes that is exactly what it means
Premiere edition gives you way more online backup.
Yes, it should be a license that will extend your coverage.
to the best of my knowledge , they will sell it to you on line direct and allow you a download into your PC . I highly suggest not doing so , buy the disc , it allows you 3 uses, also when its time to renew it is less expensive to just buy a new one each year , if you renew on line you pay more and its a one time shot. this way it allows you to install it on 3 computers or if you had to re-install yours for any kind of reason you have it in your hands . save the packaging it has the activation code you'll need for each install. it has been working well , also i suggest not to allow the Norton Tool Bar to be activated , it stops you from going to certain web sites , it didn't let me log into my bank or get my e-mail until i disabled the norton toolbar , then everything worked fine. Its a great deal especially if you own more than one computer.
yes it does
Two as it counts instances not computers
I haven't had one on my computer in the 6 years that I've had it. I have always used 360 or some type of Norton Antivirus. But they say 24 tech support so I can only assume that they help remove any viruses you may encounter. I am not 100% sure so you may want to contact them directly before purchasing
Al, It really depends on if you want to customize your settings (Bitdefender) or you just want to install and let it do it's thing (Norton). I have had Norton poducts for the past five years. In the old days they were a little heavy on being resource hogs, but now they are much better. I personally would go with Norton, but I have no complaints against Bitdefender, just depends on if you like customizable options or not.
Yes, I used it with XP, but they pack so much OTHER Junque, in with the Norton Program, that you have to be careful when you download it and run the program, so you can eliminate all the periferal stuff that you don't want. wbr
It is very frustrating that Norton can't place a comparison column on their website. I found an article on techsoup.org, written by Debbie Landshoff, that is 2 years old but explained the difference between the two. It stated that they both have anti-virus, anti-spam and anti-spyware etc. but that 360 also adds these extras, which you may or may not need: 360 Adds Startup Management, Data Backup, and PC Maintenance 360 has the following capabilities in addition to those in NIS and NAV. Startup Management Norton Startup Manager displays a list of applications that are set to run at startup and allows the user to stop them from running at startup or to delay them until shortly after startup. This helps shorten the amount of time that you have to wait for your computer to be ready for use. Automatic Backup and Web-Based Backup Access Norton can back up all your files, except for system and program files. You can back up to local or network drives (including flash drives), and you can also use Norton's online backup to store your data in the cloud. You can set up one or several backup routines (called backup sets) that specify the files and folders that you want to back up, the backup location, and the backup schedule. The configurable items are: *What kinds of files to back up, for example pictures, music, email, contacts, and office documents. *The locations you are backing up, such as My Documents and specific drives. *The backup destination: Norton online backup in the cloud, internal or external hard drive, flash drive, or network drive. *Whether the backup runs automatically on a weekly or monthly basis, or manually. For weekly or monthly, you can specify the date and time. If you are on a computer that is not running 360, you can download any file backed up to the cloud by logging in to the Norton Online Backup site. Or, you can log in to that account and email a link to the file to someone else. PC Tuneup 360 cleanup tasks include removing outdated files left behind by Internet Explorer or Windows, optimizing the hard drive, and cleaning up the Windows registry.
Yes that is exactly what it means
Premiere edition gives you way more online backup.
Yes, it should be a license that will extend your coverage.
to the best of my knowledge , they will sell it to you on line direct and allow you a download into your PC . I highly suggest not doing so , buy the disc , it allows you 3 uses, also when its time to renew it is less expensive to just buy a new one each year , if you renew on line you pay more and its a one time shot. this way it allows you to install it on 3 computers or if you had to re-install yours for any kind of reason you have it in your hands . save the packaging it has the activation code you'll need for each install. it has been working well , also i suggest not to allow the Norton Tool Bar to be activated , it stops you from going to certain web sites , it didn't let me log into my bank or get my e-mail until i disabled the norton toolbar , then everything worked fine. Its a great deal especially if you own more than one computer.
yes it does
Two as it counts instances not computers
I haven't had one on my computer in the 6 years that I've had it. I have always used 360 or some type of Norton Antivirus. But they say 24 tech support so I can only assume that they help remove any viruses you may encounter. I am not 100% sure so you may want to contact them directly before purchasing
Al, It really depends on if you want to customize your settings (Bitdefender) or you just want to install and let it do it's thing (Norton). I have had Norton poducts for the past five years. In the old days they were a little heavy on being resource hogs, but now they are much better. I personally would go with Norton, but I have no complaints against Bitdefender, just depends on if you like customizable options or not.
Yes, I used it with XP, but they pack so much OTHER Junque, in with the Norton Program, that you have to be careful when you download it and run the program, so you can eliminate all the periferal stuff that you don't want. wbr
The regular package ships with an installation cd. If the one you buy says OS Code, you only receive the product license key and then you will have to download the software over the internet (no additional charge). The end result is the same, in most customers situations, it just a matter of preference.
Yes, that is exactly what I did. They all work great. Enjoy
Depends on what you buy. the Amazon purchases are for 1 year, but Symantec's website has poptions for multiple years, however the price on Amazon seems better by far. Check it out
It is not compatible with Surface RT units. I confirmed with tech. dept. I returned it. The packaging should have a better description
Hi, I bought this and it was the 2014 version.
I think you will have to contact Norton
It depends on the number of licenses the one you bought has, Mine had 3 licenses which means that I can use it on three different computers. Some are sold with as many as 5 licenses. Check the box or product description on Amazon and it should tell you. The ikon that came with your question has 5 licenses, so you can install the program on 5 different computers.
Yes
as far as I know, yes.
The regular package ships with an installation cd. If the one you buy says OS Code, you only receive the product license key and then you will have to download the software over the internet (no additional charge). The end result is the same, in most customers situations, it just a matter of preference.
Yes, that is exactly what I did. They all work great. Enjoy
Depends on what you buy. the Amazon purchases are for 1 year, but Symantec's website has poptions for multiple years, however the price on Amazon seems better by far. Check it out
It is not compatible with Surface RT units. I confirmed with tech. dept. I returned it. The packaging should have a better description
Hi, I bought this and it was the 2014 version.
I think you will have to contact Norton
It depends on the number of licenses the one you bought has, Mine had 3 licenses which means that I can use it on three different computers. Some are sold with as many as 5 licenses. Check the box or product description on Amazon and it should tell you. The ikon that came with your question has 5 licenses, so you can install the program on 5 different computers.
Yes
as far as I know, yes.
A disc is included in the box, but you have the option to do it either way. Also in the box is a card that has the activation code that you would type in to activate your account by using either disc or download method (your choice). I activated mine using the disc which was my preference.
Yes, most malware programs do not interfere with Norton. As long as you keep the monitoring part of the malware program off and run scans intermittently you should be alright.
It is protection for 1 year.
One user may install this on three different computers as long as YOU own all three computers.
All Norton products come with a security code that needs to be entered before the product can be used. AS long as you have that code the license is valid for one year after installation. Hope this helps....AMaBargain.
Your days begin to count down starting the day you load it on your computer, not when you purchased it. You have a year from this date, but Norton counts the days backwards for you. Norton reminds you to renew. You do not have to keep track. Amazon.com also reminds you of renewal just before your year is up.
Not 100% sure, but it is a more advanced version. I suggest going on Norton's website where they have a video of what the differences is between the two. I may have even seen the video on Amazon. Their video convinced me to go up from the regular anti-virus to the security for more protection with internet buying and banking. Hope this helps.
The only difference is 360 backs up some files and has a cleaning program that removes junk files periodically. The internet security has all the important stuff to keep your computer healthy and without viruses etc. I wouldn't use the extra parts of 360 anyway and that is why I always get internet security. Only get 360 if you use the other parts.
If it was registered in someone else's name, it probably will never work if you attempt to register it in your own name. It is however compatible.
It does not scan your e-mail automatically scan your e-mail but you can select and scan e-mail attachments before opening them.
A few years ago, I renewd a Norton subscription and it added one year from the date I renewed, not added to the end of the subscription. When I renewed with my 2014 subscription, it extended my subscription by a year, adding it to the end of my current subscription, which is as I would expect. So while I can't say which will occur, my most recent experience is that it added time at the end of my current subscription.
We replace outs once a year. Our month is October. That way we are always up to date.
Yes, and including the kids, we run Norton on 5 computers. On my main 2 we also run a Malware (MalwareBytes) program for back-up security. Norton has always been reliable, but last year I tried the anti-virus instead of the 360 and my computer got real sick, so I went back to the Internet security after I got cleaned and haven't had any real problems since.
Here are the specs: Windows System Requirements: Windows XP, Vista, Windows 7 or Windows 8, 1.5GHz or greater Pentium 4 or equivalent class CPU 512 MB of RAM 3 GB or more hard drive space 128MB DirectX 9.0 compatible video card 16 bit DirectX compatible sound card 4x DVD drive keyboard, mouse and speakers MAC System Requirements: Mac OS X 10.5.8 Leopard I 10.6.6 Snow Leopard I 10.7 Lion I 10.8 Mountain Lion or higher Intel processor 512 MB RAM 3 GB or more hard drive space Intel GMA X3100, ATI X1600, NVIDIA 7300 graphics card or better 4x DVD drive keyboard, mouse and speakers Internet connection the first time the game is launched This game will NOT run on PowerPC (G3/G4/G5} based Mac systems (PowerMac} Digitalzulu Services
Carlos, Here are the specs for the product - NANCY DREW - THE SILENT SPY Windows System Requirements: Windows XP, Vista, Windows 7 or Windows 8, 1.5GHz or greater Pentium 4 or equivalent class CPU 512 MB of RAM 3 GB or more hard drive space 128MB DirectX 9.0 compatible video card 16 bit DirectX compatible sound card 4x DVD drive keyboard, mouse and speakers MAC System Requirements: Mac OS X 10.5.8 Leopard I 10.6.6 Snow Leopard I 10.7 Lion I 10.8 Mountain Lion or higher Intel processor 512 MB RAM 3 GB or more hard drive space Intel GMA X3100, ATI X1600, NVIDIA 7300 graphics card or better 4x DVD drive keyboard, mouse and speakers Internet connection the first time the game is launched This game will NOT run on PowerPC (G3/G4/G5} based Mac systems (PowerMac} Thank you. Digitalzulu Services.
There are no bonus games in Nancy Drew that I have ever run across
No it is generally a computer game. One of the games was made available for the iPad, but not this one.
Cyberlink PowerDirector 12, and it's previous versions, can import/export H.264/MPEG-4 AVC, as well as all common video/photo formats.
Nope, Powerdirector 13 is available.
The Cyberlink website claims that Power Director 12 can import TOD files and can capture from the JVC Everio camcorder. http://www.cyberlink.com/products/powerdirector-ultimate/spec_en_US.html There is a free trial version so you can test your compatibilities.
Yes it does.
I agree that it is terribly annoying. Adware should NOT be something you pay this much for... I haven't found any way to turn those stupid sales nags off...
Yes. Once your video is on the track, you can pause it and click a small camera icon under the viewing frame to capture a still image. I'm using PD13, but prior versions have also had this capability.
They will still be 2 separate programs. And when you render your videos they save them in the 10 or 12 version folders. I still have 10 on my computer and it runs just as it did before 12. Hope this helps!
There is no stopping... faster everything lets you get things done faster.... you'll be thanking yourself for getting a great computer, especially if you have to edit a lot of video. Time is valuable too and a 'slow' computer is just annoying especially rendering/compiling/outputting video. Buy the best you can afford. Plus, it sounds like a great gaming computer too if you are into that. I bought a $1500 system nearly 4 years ago... while not as powerful as yours obviously, it's still an i-7 with some upgraded geforce graphics card. A powerful computer will last a long time where a bargain computer likely will have to be upgraded regularly just to keep up with the software.
I don't know the answer to those questions, but, There is a free product that I understand will rotate video. I havent tried it but you might check it out: The package is called "Free Studio". You can find it at dvdvideosoft.com. In the Editors section there is a module that will flip and rotate video.
Good question. I've never tried that. Most disc are encoded with some security so your computer will not allow you to download or copy them. I'm sure there's some stuff to download to get around that but I have no idea. If you did get around the security I'm sure you can have the entire film on your computer then of course you can do what you want with it.
Yes, I've used it with Windows 8 and I'm now on 8.1 with no problems.
In general CyberLink is easier to use than the comparable Adobe Photoshop tools. It is harder to master than something really simple like Microsoft Moviemaker, but that's inevitable. CyberLink has a novice mode which I have never used. It seems to be something like Moviemaker. CyberLink like all the comparable products requires you to understand the non-linear editing paradigm. Then there are all the 'features'. Ignore the features. CyberLink is now like Microsoft Word two decades ago - filled with extra features that few people ever need or use. If you stick to the fundamentals it is easy enough to master and you are unlikely to run out of power. For example for simply editing a clip to send to YouTube - nothing could be easier. But if you want to you can do a lot of audio manipulation. The reason products like this are intimidating is because they offer so many choices. For example you can produce a final edited clip in a dozen different formats. You can also send your edited clip directly to YouTube or several other systems. But you dodn't have to wallow in all those choices. Just pick what you want and ignore the rest.
Yes it does. You can choose while installing.
Hello, This is a stand alone program. I had a trial version of the PD software on my computer when I bought it, and I decided I liked it so much I'd get the full version. It was money well spent. The Power Director software is not as complex as the competitors, yet for the money this is a REALLY complete package. I'm very happy with the purchase. Just be sure and go online and get the updates after you install the program out of the box. Happy movie making!
I'm not totally sure what you are asking here. If you are asking if you can edit out a portion of a clip without deleting the entire clip or the time after the portion you want to edit out then yes you can. Just use the "split" function on the top left of your timeline. Move the arrow over the start of what you wanted to edit and hit "split" then move it to the end of what you want removed and hit "split" again and it will create a moveable portion of your video. You can move it somewhere else in the movie or just delete it totally.
I believe it works better on XP than windows 7. I would contact cyber link tech support to make sure.
No
Yes I believe that it does
Yes you can burn a DVD ince you are ready to do so. It has a very easy i tuitive software flow to help hou.
Yes. DVD or Blue Ray. There are options for different video formats to burn in.
It is a DVD and should work for your application. My own experience as well other reviews suggest clean installs work best.
If you plan on installing using bootcamp and parallel or vmware fusion, you need the system builder edition. Couple of weeks ago i purchased the Full V8 from Microsoft store (electronic download), and ended up having to refund because my full version was not supported for a clean install on a Mac. Microsoft support explained to me that i had to wait for the release of the full 8.1 system builder. Hope it helps....
One unless you purchase a multi license
The answers so far are interesting and slightly misleading. For Win8 Pro OEM, if you go to MS's website here: http://personaluselicense.windows.com/en-US/default.aspx You will read what MS says about its own software. To save you some time, I will post the question and response from this site: Can I transfer the software to another computer or user? You may transfer the software to another computer that belongs to you. You may also transfer the software (together with the license) to a computer owned by someone else if a) you are the first licensed user of the software and b) the new user agrees to the terms of this agreement. To make that transfer, you must transfer the original media, the certificate of authenticity, the product key and the proof of purchase directly to that other person, without retaining any copies of the software. You may use the backup copy we allow you to make or the media that the software came on to transfer the software. Anytime you transfer the software to a new computer, you must remove the software from the prior computer. You may not transfer the software to share licenses between computers. You may transfer Get Genuine Windows software, Pro Pack or Media Center Pack software only together with the licensed computer.
I am not sure, to be safe I would suggest buying Win 8 Pro and updating to SP1 when your ready
I believe you can. There are many articles online about installing Windows 8 or 8.1 from a USB drive. The Microsoft upgrade assistant can direct you to the correct ISO file and tell you how to format the USB.
If it's for your pc then get the OEM version. If you're at all interested in Windows Media Center, or just like the extra features Pro has, then go with Win 8.1 Pro as the WMC upgrade is only $10 for Pro. If you're not going to use any of the added features that Pro or WMC provides then find the Win 8.1 OEM version. Going with the OEM versions saves you the hassle of installing it twice from the Upgrade versions and saves you a small fortune compared to the full retail version.
Yes, you can install to your built system. Software has no technical support from Microsoft. I installed it to my home built system.
No, 8.1 is not an upgrade to windows 7. You must have windows 8 to upgrade to 8.1. However, there is a rumor that Microsoft is developing windows 8.2 that will be more like windows 7 (the designers have taken a "what does the customer wants" rather than their normal "you will like what we give you or tough" approach. So before you upgrade, I would wait to see how 8.2 looks and operates.
I believe you can .. Check this link and follow the instructions https://support.apple.com/en-nz/HT201457
system builder is designed to be put on a freshly assembled computer to be resold. this version is not designed to be installed on any other computer (cannot be re-licensed on another machine). the full retail version can be installed on a computer, then uninstalled and moved to another computer if you need to change computers. this one cannot.
I actually returned the system builder, and ordered the original version. The builder only works on the motherboard it is installed on. The original version, you can install on other computers. .......also, as for the printer, my newer one installed with no problems. And, one that is about 10 years old installed with no problems. ................I would recommend the original version for the same price.
I am pretty sure that if your computer is 32 bit the 64 won't work. I would research upgrading the software. I ended up just buying a new computer because I had problems upgrading my old PC.
Hi Matt I am no expert on Mac, but I think you can. I have researched it and all indicates your good to go. Good luck David
Yes, or use daily backup software and reinstall if you do get a blue screen.
designed mostly for a reseller of computers. they provide the computer with Win8.1 pre-installed from the system builder version. this os stays with the hardware and is not transferrable to another computer like the comercial version is. this one costs less and if you do not plan to get rid of your computer for a while it is an excellent option.
No upgrade from XP. This is a full replacement install requiring a re-formatted hard drive.
This is designed to be installed on a clean hard drive (freshly formatted), to go from 7 to 8 you need an Upgrade version.
Just received mine, It is a DVD and a Case Sticker with the Key. Not much else. Wanted to answer for those who were curious.
Yes, the install offers an upgrade or to do a full (clean) install which is what I did. If you're putting an SSD and hard drive in to your machine, don't connect the hard drive until after the install if you want the OS to be on the SSD. The installer can get confused if you have more than one drive available.
Yes this is the version you would buy to create a virtual machine on a Mac. I used this version to build a windows 8 machine on my iMac using Parallels. Works like a charm.
No one key = one computer.
The difference is mostly licensing and support. The OEM version is intended for "system builders". You can't transfer it if your computer breaks, it can't be used to 'upgrade' an older version (so you can't keep your files and settings), you get less customer support from Microsoft, and technically you're not supposed to install it on your own computer ("Windows 8.1 system builder software does not permit personal use, and is intended only for preinstallation on customer systems that will be sold to end users.").
I have not had to do that yet. But my other fellow computer geeks assure me that if you go through the process with a Microsoft tech., you can. Be warned that it is a lengthy and tedious process.
Best way to buy the new system is to start from scratch. Technology has changed substantially from the XP time. Buy a new system with Win 8.1.
Have you tried "classic shell" yet. Makes it operate like win 7, but faster. Also boots into desktop vs metro crap. I have not seen thAt metro screen in the 5 months i've had classic shell. But if you still need to go to win 7 you will need a key ($100) and a install disk or usb.
Is this the first time that it has been used? And are you sure that it is not an upgrade? There is a way to get your key to work if you installed the upgrade as a full version. You can google it on the web, or do the following: Press the Windows key and type regedit(press enter)Navigate to: HKEY_LOCAL-MACHINE/software/Microsoft/Windows/CurrentVersion/Setup/OOBE(double chick on the)MediabootInstall(key in the right pane) Change the key's value from 1 to 0. Ext the registery, press the windows key again and type cmd. Right-click on the comand prompt icon and run it as an administrator. type: slmgr /rearm(press enter) reboot Windows. When you get back into Windows, you should be able to run the activation utility and activate Windows.
This OS can better take advantage of modern hardware than Windows 7. That is about the only advantage to using Win8 vs Win7.
When you purchase Cook'n, you get a household license which means that you can install one copy on multiple computers as long as all of the computers are within the same household.
Yes. Cook'n Version 11 has a feature called Scan-It that will automatically OCR your scanned recipes (that means, translate them to text) and display a Snip-It tool that makes it very easy for you to get your scanned recipes into Cook'n. If you don't have a scanner, you can take photos of your recipes with the Cook'n Mobile App on your smart phone and Cook'n will OCR and import those too!
Absolutely! When you open Cookn', Click on FILE: EXPORT, WORD. Very easy!
The nutrition calculator always allows changing the number of servings. You should click the Settings button in the nutrition screen and make sure that the check-box "Divide nutrient amounts by number of people served" is checked. Also, you should know that, many times, the user gets confused when they use Cook'n to analyze nutritional values. For example, let's say you have a brownie recipe that serves 10 people and let's say that the number of calories per serving is 150. Sometimes people will change the serving size from 10 to 20 and Cook'n will say that the calories per serving is still 150. Then, people e-mail DVO complaining that the nutrition calculator is not working correctly. The fact is if you change the serving size from 10 to 20, the recipe quantities also increase. The recipe now calls for twice as much butter and twice as much sugar, etc. Since the recipe quantities increased at the same rate as the number of people served, the number of calories per serving actually stays the same!
Yes. You have total control. You can choose labels such as Breakfast, Snack, Lunch, etc. as you suggested. And, you can create your own labels. You can also embed menus inside other menus. For example, you may create a Spaghetti Meal which consists of the spaghetti sauce, garlic bread, salad, and dessert (i.e. Main Dish, Side Dish, Salad, Dessert, etc) and then add that meal to "Dinner" on "Monday" of your Week Menu #1. Then, later, you may combine Week Menu #1 with Week Menu #2, #3, and #4. As you can see, it is completely customizable. You have total control of your menu.
I have transferred Internet recipes within the past week. Each time, there is a little hunt and peck on my part. If I would refer to the demonstration video again, I don't think I would waste so much time. Not all recipes have the correct format for easy transfer, but can be done. The site I used was King Arthur Flour and those recipes transferred well. Did you get the demonstration video? I was having trouble at first until I studied the video. I hope this helps.
Yes, ones you have the recipes in the Cook'n library you are able to go back and add, remove or change as you wish.
No
I don't have a Mac, but I had the same problem with my PC (Even with completely plain recipes printed out of MS word in Times New Roman font and absolutely no images, graphics, or fluff of any sort). DVO told me that if the background is grey it has more trouble, you might try boosting the contrast and see if that helps clear it up at all. Personally, I just gave up on that feature as trying to get it to work was taking longer than just inputting them myself.
They are theoretically the same. However, I bought it and returned it because it wasn't worth it at any price. I subsequently purchased MasterCook and it's a vastly superior program with all the bugs and kinks worked out -- which can't be said for Cook'n.
My wife has a small business and we have a portfolio of stocks and mutual funds. I have used the Home and Business version for years and it has worked great. I'm not sure about the LLC but I think that would be covered as well. All you have to do is answer questions.
The Amazon gift card bonus offer is optional. You can direct any part, all or none of your refund to the gift card. It's entirely up to you.
No. You will need to do a separate return for the S corp.
I bought a disk for my PC, so yes. Otherwise, you can buy the online version.
Packaging says you get up to 5 federal efiles.
Yes-- you should be able to download you .tax2012 file from the online version and import it into your TurboTax 2013 desktop product without any problems.
It depends on how quickly you would like to get started. I downloaded TurboTax and able to recover it if needed.
Yes, I do several..
You can e-file up to 5 federal returns which is the IRS limit for e-file. The federal e-file is free. You can e-file up to 3 state returns per federal return. The state e-file is not free. You can print and mail your state return for free, or you can pay for the e-file ($19.99 per e-file). You can print and mail as many federal or state returns as you want for free, there is no limit. Only one free state-package is included, though, which you select to download when you install/get to the state part. If you are in the situation you need to file a return in more than one state, it will cost $39.99 per extra state (in addition to the optional e-file cost).
i don't know--e-mail intuit/turbotax directly to find out? hmmm, i'd GUESS the forms and printing thereof are internal to turboT, but i do have adobe so wouldn't notice the requirement....
The form is available in the software as of an update that happened on January 29th
YES
The bonus is computed based on how much you transfer to the gift card.
The CD/Download version of TurboTax Deluxe INCLUDES the interview and form for Schedule D (investment transactions).
Phil: Probably - check TurboTax website for system requirements. (I use Win7 & Win8). BTW in case you don't already know, Microsoft will end ALL support for Win XP mid-April 2014 - no more Windows XP Security updates, etc. thereafter. It's easy to upgrade XP to Win7 or Win8 (buy the Upgrade DVD package), so long as you've got some spare hard disk space for the install. Microsoft website provides free W7 & W8 Upgrade Assistant downloadable tools you can run to find out if your XP box's hardware is good enough and to tell you which current apps will & will not run on them. If your PC has a relatively new CPU (ore2 Duo or later), I recommend you upgrade XP to 64-bit architecture Win 7 or Win 8 (instead of 32-bit). Cheers.
just the capital gains or loss. That amount over the cost of the home and improvements or net gain/loss.
According to the data on the box the answer is "YES", it will work on MAC OS X v10.6.8 or later (64-bit required) / MAC OS X v10.7.5 or later.
I found doing it by cd is easier than the online way. :) I hope that this helps. If you have any other questions, just ask. I might can help. Carolyn
Absolutely yes. TurboTax for Mac has been testing and confirmed to work on OS X 10.9. Bob Meighan, VP TurboTax
Yes, you can download one state for free and if needed purchase other states (download).
You can prepare as many as you want. You can submit I believe up to 5 free via electronic transfer. You can print as many as you want and send them in thru the mail.
I believe it is for individual returns, not multiple. LOL defeats purpose of their sales with folks using multiple returns.
yes,if they have been living with you for at least 6 months of 2013. Turbotax Premier answers this question very thoroughly under deductions.
If you select the CD version, you'll get a CD that includes both Mac and Windows versions of TurboTax for one price.
I don't believe you can. Even if it were possible, I wouldn't advise it. To get around the MAC OSX problem, I used the TurboTax online version. I also understand that you can use the H&R Block software and it will allow you to transfer in your prior year information. Good luck!
Choose PC/Mac option before adding to your cart if you don't want a download version.
I use the 2013 Turbo Tax as a help for me to work up my tax estimates for the year 2014, as I file and pay quarterly taxes. Turbo Tax is helpful in working up the 2014 estimates. You must however buy a new 2014 Turbo Tax to complete your 2014 taxes, as tax rates change and laws change. I am not sure I understand the print question, but you can print out any forms you desire, including any worksheets, and I usually print out my final return before I E-File.
To to confirm the earlier answer, the CD is included as part of the "PC/Mac" version. That way, you can purchase one CD for either the Windows or Mac environment.
Have never tried it but see no reason it wouldn't work. There is no call for a license # and don't know of any other restrictions.
I see it has a Schedule C:Profit or Loss from Business form.
Has worked fine on my home computers for the last 10+ years. Never tried a cloud..
Yes, if you have Windows XP Service Pack 3.
I don't use a Mac, but here's what the Turbo Tax box says: "Mac: Computer/Processor: Multi core Intel Processor with 64-bit Support. Monitor: 1024x768 screen resolution. RAM: 1 GB. Operating System: Mac OS X v10.6.8 or later (64-bit required)/(Mac OS X v10.7.5 or later. Hard Disk Space: 360 MB for Federal plus state product."
Yes. There is no advantage in using the more expensive versions unless you need to get a pricing guide for non-cash charitable contributions. I have used it for years and almost always itemized deductions.
The basic edition will handle it.
Yes, as long as the software is not illegally shared. The license agreement allows you to use the TurboTax software to prepare as many returns as you like. However, the software can be installed only to computers belonging to you.
You're fine to install as you suggest.
The option exists for both. See the selections.
The Deluxe software is actually a better solution for capital gains and Amazon sells a version of Deluxe withOUT state.
I am sorry but I don't use quicken. I'd say if the same one in the stores qualifies then this would too.
Yes it will.
Yes, but not for e-file, for printing only and save it as a separate file
Amazon has deal where you can receive all or part of the refund in Amazon credit. 10% bonus on all dollars spent on gift cards. My trouble was the requirement to accept terms where Amazon sells my personal data.
yes it does
Yes, its for 2013 and it has already done two updates since I loaded the software on my computer.
yes
It allows for printed and e-file. Honestly, I never tried to print a draft so I am not sure on that part. I also save my file as a PDF and e-file.
Yes it does.
I don't know exactly which kinds of foreign income that you have. It has always covered all of my foreign income including foreign taxes, interest, and dividends credited to my accounts as a U.S. taxpayer.
I ordered and received the CD version. It came to my door in 2 days with Prime!
It's only for business, corporations etc. One of the other products will be necessary to complete your personal taxes.
The "Print Center" is located in the upper right corner. You should be able to print your return or you can save file as a PDF and then print it.
Did a search on Google and looks like there are some who do...but I have never done it before. https://www.google.com/#q=turbo+tax+business+oil+and+gas+royalties
They are different tools. The business package is for corporate, partnership and things like LLC's. You most likely would still need Turbotax for your personal taxes.
I believe that they have a separate version for the Mac OS.
Yes you can use this CD on windows
No, it's only business taxes and schedule C returns. You need TT deluxe for your 1040.
The current cost of a Business State is $49.99.
Form 1040 is for personal taxes, this software is for corporations. If you have a self employed business, the form you need to file for the business part is Schedule C that is embedded in 1040. So you need Turbotax Home and Business.
A CD is available. You can get it from Intuit or from Amazon.
Just the price is different (And the fact that you will need to verify your student eligibility) For those looking for more details on how the validation process works, I've tried to outline the process here: Notes on Student & Teacher edition validation: If you purchased a boxed product from Amazon, open the box and follow the instructions inside to submit your information for validation. If you purchased a download version from Amazon, the instructions for submitting the product code and validating your student eligibility are contained in a file called "IMPORTANT - How to validate and activate your product.pdf" that's included in the download. If you use your school issued email address &lt;yourname@yourschool.edu&gt; from a qualified institution during the process, the validation is instant and no other documentation is needed. If you have to submit documents it may take up to three business days to receive confirmation of your proof of eligibility and your serial number from Adobe. PLEASE READ: You can still install and use the product *immediately* by selecting the 30-Trial option during installation. Eligibility for education purchasing http://www.adobe.com/education/purchasing/qualify_popup.html Student and Teacher Edition FAQ: (Covers commercial use, use after school, upgradability, etc.) http://www.adobe.com/sea/special/education/students/studentteacheredition/faq.html Global Education Process FAQ (Covers links to submit info, checking status of orders, etc) http://helpx.adobe.com/x-productkb/policy-pricing/education-faq.html
It works for any grade but you have to call there support to get the email to verify it If it helped please tell me
I updated from Elements R8 to R12 and the upgrade was smooth, however I can't answer your question about Windows because my system is running Windows 7.
To prove he is a student?!! I would say absolutely ... As long as he passed :)
While I am not a software designer and have never been to Australia, I would wager that any software designed for a particular operating system will work on that operating system. That being said, I can tell you it works very well on my system (Windows 7 PC). If you get the student version, you will be required to submit proof of student status in order to activate the product. Having worked with full versions of Photoshop for years, this is not bad for being a scaled down version of the professional software. I would definitely contact the manufacturer (Adobe) to verify. http://www.adobe.com/company/contact.html is their "contact us" page. Good luck.
I believe I gave them my school email address and they sent me a link to respond from it....
All standard purchases of Adobe software allow you to install on two computers.
This is the Student and Teacher edition of the software. This is a discount for those that are using the software for educational purposes. There are different editions of the software to purchase for upgrade pricing if you are not in a school.
Photoshop Elements is permanently yours without any monthly fee. This is unlike Photoshop CC (Creative Cloud) which you must rent monthly. There is no longer any new version of the full Photoshop that you can own, however Photoshop Elements will satisfy most users.
No, Photoshop Elements 12 is still 32-bit only on Windows.
Amazon saves a copy of all your download purchases. Click on View Your Account / View Your Digital Orders and you can find it there.
Any layered file in Photoshop Elements 12 can be saved as an animated GIF, each layer simply becomes a frame of animation. Simply use File &gt; Save for Web, select GIF as the format, and enable the Animate option checkbox. However, there is no automated way of extracting the individual frames from a video file to create the layers in Photoshop Elements.
Which ever computer you want to install Photoshop on, open Amazon.com. Then, go to 'Your Account' and click on 'Your Games and Software Library'. It will bring up your Photoshop and you can click download from there. You own this, you can put it on more than one.
Yes. You can install and activate on two of your personal computers for your use (e.g. a laptop and a desktop)
You can install and activate on up to two of your personal computers.
I've used Photoshop Pro and Elements through version 9, and in my opinion Elements 12 was the worst version I've ever used. After installing PhotoshopElements 12, the program didn't work the way my old version of Photoshop Elements 9 did. It's supposed to work with layers, but it doesn't. And the navigation is imprecise. I uninstalled it after testing it out, and Amazon was gracious enough to provide a refund on the downloaded software.
Try changing the destination folder,one on that you have write privileges.
I've collected a number Free Elements learning resources (video tutorials, user manuals, etc) from Adobe which should help you get up to speed: http://adobe.ly/iczlLh
It should create its own sub file. I downloaded it onto my desktop and it executed its own extraction.
No I am using it without any subscription. I think the subscription that Adobe is promoting is for cloud storage services, and not the products. I would be very unhappy if they decided my paid for product now required any subscription :)
When you purchase it through Amazon you are furnished everything you need to install it.
Yes you can input to at least three different pairs (stereo) audio tracks as well as three different video tracks. Once render them they of course flatten the output file to one video and one stereo audio pair - Cheers
They send you a download code and it should work on any of your personal computers.
I tried it out with 2 computer, and both download and installed. More than likely I would think a third one would work, but I'm not certainly positive
I purchased this Adobe product from Amazom. It is a full Adobe Premier Elements 12 product. A year ago I purchased another Adobe product....Adobe Photoshop Elements .... When I had issues with downloading again after computer repair....Amazon not Adobe supplied the support and solution. I have no concerns purchasing Adobe products from Amazon.
Yes i just did this a month ago. I made sure I had the software key. Deactivate Premiere elements on the old computer first. Then with your new computer go to the Adobe website, they have "trial "software. Download and install the free Premiere Elements 12 (it's a big file)type in the key to unlock full version.
I just did two clips and it put them togather, with no separation, as far as the voice you do the narraration under of it. so the answer to you question is yes you can.
One per purchase as far as I know.
It should create its own sub file. I downloaded it onto my desktop and it executed its own extraction.
No I am using it without any subscription. I think the subscription that Adobe is promoting is for cloud storage services, and not the products. I would be very unhappy if they decided my paid for product now required any subscription :)
When you purchase it through Amazon you are furnished everything you need to install it.
Yes you can input to at least three different pairs (stereo) audio tracks as well as three different video tracks. Once render them they of course flatten the output file to one video and one stereo audio pair - Cheers
They send you a download code and it should work on any of your personal computers.
I tried it out with 2 computer, and both download and installed. More than likely I would think a third one would work, but I'm not certainly positive
I purchased this Adobe product from Amazom. It is a full Adobe Premier Elements 12 product. A year ago I purchased another Adobe product....Adobe Photoshop Elements .... When I had issues with downloading again after computer repair....Amazon not Adobe supplied the support and solution. I have no concerns purchasing Adobe products from Amazon.
Yes i just did this a month ago. I made sure I had the software key. Deactivate Premiere elements on the old computer first. Then with your new computer go to the Adobe website, they have "trial "software. Download and install the free Premiere Elements 12 (it's a big file)type in the key to unlock full version.
I just did two clips and it put them togather, with no separation, as far as the voice you do the narraration under of it. so the answer to you question is yes you can.
One per purchase as far as I know.
Yes, the other guy gave you a great answer-backlight shooting
No. It is a computer program. Apple does make a similar program that is scaled down and can be used on iPads and probably iPhones
Yes, I am on the same OS X. Yes you can resize photos.
Yes - select the "Mac" version when ordering. I bought mine as a download from Amazon - selected the Mac version and it works perfectly
Yes. I have 10.9.3 and it works just great! Haven't any issues to date.
I believe it's just one computer.
It depends on the severity of the blemishes and your skill with Photoshop or Photoshop Elements. PSE 12 surely has the tools to allow someone to correct/change images. However, it will most likely NOT be point and click to correct old photos.
No
It will.
Marcus - Right now I'm working with IMovie's timeline and it, of course, is completely editable. I can't say about canned videos. I rather doubt it. Good question though.
Yes
Yes you can. There's a few setting for what you're wanting. You select the track and right click and select fade in or out. Or costume fade points. I haven't done those yet because I haven't had the need to, but yes you can. Go on YouTube to lean more before you get disappointed on spending your money and didn't get what you thought it was. Note this program take a high in computer, please have a I7 for the best result. Also once you buy the download you CAN'T GET YOUR MONEY BACK. It's a Amazon thing. Well I hope this helps and thank you for reading.
You can do a good music video, but your video camera quality and computer processing is the key in producing a good video. Good luck
Yeah,it's really easy to use. Before buying it, look at YouTube video for a 2nd opinion. I've been using photoshop for the last two and half years, so yes you can, but there is not a layout for a flyer. You have to do it form scrap and do it by layers. Over all it's easier to use then photoshop CS5. The video editor is easy to use but recommend watching YouTube videos before hand. It will help I recommend having a I7(2.4ghz), and 8gb of ram for the best performance. This program will use a lot of the CPU. So if your rendering don't anything else or the program will crash.
Yes, but not a simple answer at this level
I purchased the PC download. You can reuse it on new computers as long as you like the software. I don't think the key will support multiple computers active at the same time unless you buy addditional seats. But it will be limited to PC or Mac version which ever you purchase. And there will come a day when Adobe won't support updates for operating systems developed in the future.
Yes you can. The license allows you to install on two computers - say a desktop and your laptop. You're only allowed to use one compuiter at a time, however.
I believe that you are entitle to two installations. You are not supposed to be running both installs at the same time, as you still only have one license. If you have a problem, you can always call Adobe, and they will usually set you up for an additional install. I have had to do that with other Adobe products when a hard drive failed, and they have always been cooperative.
I wish I could answer but my Element 12 has never worked in spite of spending hours on the phone with Adobe
I cannot talk for Amazon, but if you purchase it direct from Adobe then you can download it.
Creator NXT will make a movie of the VHS but you need a video capture card or some way to get the video/audio into your computer. Google or search on Ebay. The easiest way is to buy a DVD recorder. Some come with a VHS player built-in.
Yes, but I don't recommend it. The video will look considerably worse and it strips out the 5.1 track for two channel stereo. I've done it once (sending video to the grandparents who won't notice the degradation), but I won't do it again.
Yes Roxio does recognize ACHD format and burns to blue-Ray.
Yes
Everything that I got was in the original packaging, yes. It's the retail version, not an OEM copy or used.
the only thing i will say about this program is don't buy it. most of comments on line say the same thing.
Yes
Yes it does
Yes, I was running windows 7 then upgraded to windows 8.1
I've never used that function but if the files appear to be unique/proprietary, my best guess is that they'd be compatible with another version. Depending on your ultimate goal (stick with Roxio or not) it might be best to save the files, back-up the files, possibly explore conversion software options.
Yes Sir, It Will Work Great !!
I wouldn't think so.
Not sure they say it is,I could not get it to work.The installation showed successful,but would not let me copy a CD that I burned,wanted me to upgrade at a additional cost.Called in for tech support and they wanted $1.29 a minute to talk to them. I have Windows 7 and they showed that version was supported.I tried numerous times and still would not work,and I was not going to pay the $1.29 a minute to talk with tech support. I returned to Amazon and am looking for another product. I,am thankful Amazon has a great return policy on goods they sell.
I'm pretty sure it does it says that in the description. I purchased this to make dvds from videos that I put on my computer from my video Camera but it wouldn't allow me to do that. I returned it.
No, but try slysoft.com
yes
A jpeg or jpg file is a data file. It contains data for a picture. If you have a picture on your computer, it can be written to the CD or DVD. You would choose the data file option for CD or DVD then drag the photos into the Disc Content box. Watch the green bar at the bottom to see how much you can fill the CD. A DVD has more room. I have family photos on my computer that I have scanned and put them on a disc and sent them to other family members. I also have photos downloaded from the internet that I use for desktop backgrounds. I can put them on a disc also. BTW. Put your music files on as a data disc and you can fit hundreds of songs on one disc and listen for hours. So, use up a few discs to see what works for you. You can also reuse a disc for your experiments.
Yes
I don't see that anywhere on the main menu. It's not something I use.
Only one license which only allows installing on one computer
Both 2014 and Platinum editions include recode for converting and ripping to dvd or blu-ray discs
I installed on 2 computers with no problem.
Not for me
Yes
Yes. For a tutorial Google "can nero 2014 burn video_ts files" Select the first youtube choice.
Yes. It's part of Burn Rom. Also go to nero.com downloads and download cover designer for free.
I do not know. I have not been able to get the program to install on my PC.
Yes. If they are copy protected. Nero will prevent you from copying them. If they are not (and you have permission) you will be able to copy them. The best way to find out if they are copy protected is to attempt to copy them.
Yes so does windows media centre and iTunes which is a free download. I have used Nero for years and am disappointed in ver 14, ver 10 was better. Recode has less useful functionality and Video is less flexible than before and actually more buggy. I'm not buying again.
Hello! I bought this Nero2014 for the very same reason. Out of the box, I was able to play Blu-Ray movies, however, after a software update, this ability was stripped away! I contacted Nero, and after much delayed email support, they emailed me diagnostics software to run. The diagnostic software created a file to email back to them for troubleshooting. They responded back to me that my graphics card is no longer supported. I have an HP Envy 27" that I bought in April 2014, with both an integrated Intel graphics card and NVIDIA graphics card. The system automatically switches based on graphics need. Externally, I have an Optiarc (Sony, the inventor of Blu-Ray) BD-RW drive connected via USB.
This software will not rip or copy any commercial DVD.
Hello, I work for Nero and saw your question about Nero 2014 Platinum. Good news: Nero 2014 Platinum is exactly the product you need for converting your movies from avi, mkv, or other formats and burning them onto a DVD that can be played back in any DVD player. Simply start the application Nero Video, select "DVD" -&gt; "DVD-Video", then add your avi or mkv files to the compilation, enter an empty DVD media to your recorder drive, start the burning process, that's it. Thanks and best regards, Eduardo Vento
It does not matter if both devices show up. Nero only recognizes one of the devices. The primary one. IF you try to contact Nero they will charge you tech support, and it is not cheap.
I installed off the disc that came in the box and it didn't install AVG and I didn't see any option to select or deselect it during install so maybe it's just a problem if you don't use the disc and download the installer from the Nero website?
Hi Terry&gt; Yes Nero Blue-ray Player which is included w/ Nero 2014 Platinum works perfectly well for viewing both regular DVD's & commercial Blue-ray movies viewing! If you don't like the Nero Blue-ray Player you could also use either ArcSoft TotalMedia Theatre 6 or PowerDVD 13 Ultra et cetera as all these do work well on both Windows 7 as well as on Windows 8.1 (x64). As for Windows Server 2012 R2 do rather use PowerDVD 13 Ultra as the others are not compatible w/ it!
Hello John Barry, I work for Nero and saw your question about burning Blu-ray discs with your NEC recorder drive. Nero 2014 Platinum fully supports your recorder drive. Feel free to download and test our free trial version first in order to find out if the program fully fits your purposes. http://www.nero.com/eng/products/nero/free-trial-download.php Thanks and best regards, Eduardo
I'm not sure exactly what you are asking but you can go into the Nero ControlCenter, then under "Language" you can uncheck "use system language for determining language" and then below that select the language you desire in the drop down menu.
I returned by software due to its inability to run on Windows 7 OS with all the features advertised.
It will only work on non-copyrighted movies. Store DVDs/BDs typically have copyrights and/or DRM that will block you from copying. You would need additional software to remove the copyright/DRM from the DVD to be able to copy it (something like AnyDVD). The legality of it is questionable. I hope this helps :-)
I have not been able to do it with Nero 2014. ,but you can download Youtube Videos and a lot of other sites with a Free program called Freemake Video Downloader here: http://www.freemake.com/free_video_downloader/
Hello, each year they have added new features with new releases. As an ACT! Consultant I believe Act! is in better hands with Swiftpage than Sage with future development of the product. We do Act! Demos and can give you a 30 Day Trial of the software. If you would like to Contact Best Business Strategies we can provide these for you. Email Solutions@BestBusinessStrategies.net for more information.
I am using ACT! at my office one of the computers has windows 7 and one has Windows 8.1. It works on both systems and they are able to synchronize with each other. So yes, it does work on Windows 8.
I used it on my laptop and it's fine.
After using Act! for a few months now, I have grown to hate it. It's slow, cumbersome and it no longer syncs with MS Outlook (it did when I first got it). I recommend you try something else. I think Act! is a dinosaur about ready to go extinct! Online support is very poor.
No you do not. It should run right out of the package. However, you will need to download several updates which are a bit time consuming.
I just bought this new version and have not installed it yet. But with all of the previous versions I have used, one computer operates as the server (unless you have an actual server, in which case of course, it opeates as the server). The other computers on the network access the database of the server/server equivalent. That way, the database and all relevant files appear the same on all computers. I believe the current version will allow you to operate three computers from the one purchase.
This is a single user license with no expiration
Just one license per box.
I have the same problem
The purchase does give you 3 licenses so you can put it on your desktop, laptop and one other computer. They do NOT synchronize (you need a network version for that which is much more expensive), but at least you can move your work back and forth when you travel or are out of the office which is what I do. I don't know about Mac compatability, but I don't think this version works thru the cloud, at least not without some additional expensive software that may be from a 3rd party vendor. I looked into it at one point and decided against it (don't remember the details). Hope that helps!
Yes it is, but no 1099's which my wife buys separately. The Schedule C we use allows you to put in separate entries. We do not use the Q & A system.
One state return is included, but California will charge $20 to file digitally. I don't know if other states have similar charges.
Amazon allows you to re-download the software in the future. By the way, TurboTax also allows you to print your return as a PDF so you won't have to re-print your return in the future.
Amazon allows you to download the software as often as necessary. However, you must still abide by the license agreement. Bob Meighan, VP TurboTax
Yes. I ran it on 8.1
Yes, it has schedule C - it has everything you need and guides you every step of the way
Sure can and that is one of the easies ways to install where you don't have a CD drive. Bob Meighan, VP TurboTax
TuboTax works fine with Windows 7 home version. I've never had any compatibility problems for eight years. Here's a link that may be of help: https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899861-turbotax-online-system-requirements-for-tax-year-2013
It has a rent and royalty section, so I believe it does.
Yes
The IRS imposes a limit of 5 federal efiled returns with any consumer software tax prep software.
Yes, if you have a home based business and you might work elsewhere also. If your just now filing your 2013 taxes you are past the extension deadline. Expect some fees, fines, interest from the IRS if you owe money. Good luck with your taxes, remember to file by April 15th, 2015 or file for an extension for your 2014 taxes.
No it is not. It's the next one for partnerships
Since I do not have a MAC I cannot honestly answer this question. I have used Turbo Tax for many years and have not had any problems. I am a retired Tax Accountant and please understand it does help knowing or having knowledge as to many of the questions that some people cannot answer. It does not take long to figure the program out. Hope this helps. Shelley S
I had a problem with my return last year and there is no way you can get help from Turbo Tax. You have to go on line and ask people who are using it and they don't know the answer 90% of the time. It sucks!
Yes.
Yes. They are both created by Intuit.
Yes. All you have to do is get your tax info and enter into the appropriate places. It will ask if this is for amending or regular filing and yes click on amend. I reccomend this to everyone. The only time I ever had a problem with my taxes is when I hired a CPA. Its easy to use.
I cannot say for sure. I am a sole proprietor in my consulting business. It worked very well for me and there are features for inventory and business expenses that are not common in my case. I think an S corp is still taxed at an individual rate, so it should work.
Yes... You pay for the state efile though...
Yes it does. We always use it for that reason.
You need to ask Intuit (Turbo Tax) people about that. I have downloaded via internet the last several years and never had such a problem, so do not know the answer.
Yes. I installed the product in Windows 7, then upgraded to win 8.1. The TurboTax continued to function exactly the same after the operating system update.
I'm not sure what "split" means but I downloaded TTPremier onto my HP laptop with Windows 8 operating system. Last week I updated to Windows 8.1 The meat of my program works fine, but the "Questions" on the right side does not work...I have been unable to get an answer to this anomaly.
https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/cd-download/system-requirements_thickbox.jsp?TB_iframe=true Pretty much any 21st century computer with a little but of HD space
Yes
While that is true, with the investments and other issues I have, to me it was not important. I use only 1 pc and do my personal tax submittal as an individual. I have a;so found TTax a better qualified with their questions than CPAs at less cost. By just answering the questions that arise during preparation, my results are good and have veen for many years.
Yes it does. I did four separate returns this year and I did five last year.
I did not use this years version for the sale of a home but I had used in in 2009 for the sale and purchase of a home in two different states with no problem.
I'm sure it will. I think I did the same thing when I retired, and it didn't even blink. It looks for the *.tax2013 file on your hard drive, and works from that. By the way, I also use Quicken for all my record keeping and that imports into TT as well. That and being able to download all of my investment data from the financial institution makes the amount of typing I have to do pretty minimal. But I'm sure you've found that out, as well as that you have to go back and double check everything line by line.
Works without problems for me also.
I'm a Mac user and I am very satisfied. I've been using the Mac version of TurboTax for years and never had a problem. I have never had to use the form you reference, but I believe TurboTax gives you access to ALL tax forms.
I think so, when I clicked on 1041, it says I need schedules K-1 from your partnership, S corporation, or estate/trust and your Q form from your REMIC? They have great customer assistance so if this doesn't answer your question maybe call them.
Presuming you're asking about the 2014 edition - if you scroll down on the product page, you will see a grey box with System Requirements - Mac OS 10.7.5 or later.
Yes. I have a that macbook too. I have purchases turbo tax twice. It keeps a file on the computer for the next years taxes making updating previous years tax information unnecessary.
No. But you can download it for iPad from the Apple App Store. Or you can do it online via the web. Copy this link into address bar: https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/ipad.jsp Better hurry. : )
It's for 2013 and contains the most recent updates. I don't know how old it is but I have used this for years.
Yes! And once you download, it will provide all the updates you need
Does Amazon actually send the customer a disc of the program or are they just selling a download?
No.
you can, but you have to pay for the second state. That's from personal experience this year.
There is no expiration on the gift card. The maximum amount is $2000 per card and $10,000 per customer.
yes
Yes, but it will transfer only your basic information.
Yes, this version does NOT include a state. See the other version that includes state.
Correct. State is another $39, purchased with in the software.
We have a small business and it has the forms and capability needed to file for partnerships and sole proprietor, etc, it just doesnt have all the canned questions you may need asked. What we did it use a tax accountant the first year to have them identify and be sure all the forms we needed were completed, then from that point on you can use this version as its simple to transfer year to year the needed forms and fill them out properly.
I gave up on Quicken long ago.
Mine imported information process was flawless.
I'm not sure about that specific form but it auto fills the common ones
Yes, it does.
Yes it can!
I downloaded it online. I do not know.
Get turbo tax
No, you just buy either Pc or MAC. (the price is the same). I just downloaded it using Firefox as Safari didn't work well. I also don't have a CD drive anymore, but this worked just fine. Hope this helps.
Efiling a state return using the TurboTax desktop software is $19.99. There is no charge for NY electronic filing. Bob Meighan, VP TurboTax
No
Yes
You will still have to pay an additional fee to e-file your state taxes.
It does. You can download one from a complete list of US states.
As long as you get the Mac OS version, yes, of course it does!
Yes Turbo Tax saves in a format that will cross platforms perfectly.
I just looked at my copy and found form 8949. I can't open it because I didn't use it but there is an option that states "Forms(s) 8949 are created automatically, based on schedule D input.". So I'd say that the form is available in this version.
Maybe try uninstalling and reinstalling the software? It's a simple but often effective solution for some glitches. If that doesn't work, I'd contact TurboTax directly.
Sole proprietor - yes. Corporation, partnership, or multi-member LLC - no.
You can enter rental income. Within the income page is a line as I recall for rental income. In any case, rental income is ordinary income and there are ways to enter depreciation if needed. I used Turbo Tax Basic when I ran my one person IT business and it accommodated everything I needed, including depreciation. Prior to IT, I worked in a "tax oriented" or "tax avoidance" environment and am familiar with various income tax strategies and I believe that TurboTax is a full blown tax app. The higher priced versions add help, but are unnecessary if you pay attention to the income categories on the "wages & income" page.
It is downloaded directly to your computer.
No not unless you used turbo tax in 2013
No
Yes
I do not know.
I'm pretty sure it does, but we don't have state income tax in my state, so I did not use it to file state tax. It seems like I remember seeing that option, though I wouldn't want to steer you wrong.
PC only...
NOT TO MY KNOWLEDGE
Yes! Here's a link that explains how. There's even a video. http://support.mastercook.com/entries/22017556-Transferring-Recipes-and-Files-from-a-Previous-Version If for some reason the link won't post here, go to Mastercook (dot com) and look under support. Also, while there, check out the new web import so you can download recipes right off the web.
yes, I have copied my cookbook from a previous version, no problem.
visit this community: The Wonders of new MasterCook 14 at http://community.cookinglight.com/archive/index.php/t-153395.html Thought it's for version 14, there are 2 great ladies there that can probably help you out, one of whom is a MasterCook support person.
Yes
Not unless you are running it in Windows mode.
I believe that you can, read here for more information on this http://support.mastercook.com/entries/23044272-Different-Methods-of-Importing-Recipes-into-MasterCook
I have not personally tried this with Mastercook 14, but I was able to scan and save a text file using previous versions of Mastercook. I scanned, copied and pasted the text file into Mastercook using the Import Assistant feature. If I remember right this worked okay. I had to carefully review each recipe as the scanner did not always accurately scan fractions well. You can not directly scan a recipe using Mastercook. You will have to use a scanner and its software to accomplish the task. See: http://mc6help.tripod.com/ImportAssistant.htm I have not found a recipe program that automatically scans and saves recipes. I have found Mastercook to be the best for importing recipes as it uses Import Assistant or Mastercook Import with MC 14. Another bonus is the ability to spell check recipes before saving them. Hope this helps.
Version 15 will not be out until the end of March or the first of April. I would recommend you check with mastercook.com support and ask them if about an update for 15 if you purchase 14 first. I wish I could tell you more but that is all I know but I do not believe Amazon would give you a free update. Hope this helps.
Yes, you can. It works the same in versions 5-14. Open your cookbook. Select Print/Publish Cookbook from the File menu. In the Print window that appears in the lower left add a checkmark to include Category Index. Remove the checkmark to include Recipes. Now print.
My version 9 does; so I expect version 14 would.
I am not certain. They offer the download option from their site. Because I wanted an actual disc, I ended up buying the package from Amazon (fully expecting a disc to be inside the box). What I received was a very attractive box..very much what you'd expect to see in a retail store. Looked great. When I opened the box, all I found was a SINGLE piece of paper...nothing else. The paper gave me the address of the site I should log onto, a telephone number to call in case there were problems with installation, and a Product Key Code. That was IT. I was pretty pissed off about the whole thing because I could have saved myself the extra steps of online purchase of the box by simply downloading the software in the first place. My anger was over the fact that I wasn't made aware of this upfront, and wasted days waiting for my "software" to arrive. That said, I have had no complaints about the product itself. I bought the version that is "life time" for the PC you install it on. In fact, I bought it a second time to install on a second PC. They also give you rights to re-install on a second PC in case you install it on a PC that shortly craps out. It's not intended to be installed on 2 PCs intended to run concurrently-- you'd need a second license for that. I've had no problems with the program...am actually happy with it. Just wish I had known I wouldn't be getting a disc. Could have just downloaded it the night I placed my order with Amazon. One thing...and this is awesome...these folks have incredible..and FREE..customer service and tech support. I kept one of their techs on the phone for 3 hours one night going over what I thought was a problem. Turned out to be a misunderstanding on my part (not a problem with the program). This guy was friendly, and hung in there all the way through. A real trooper and a kind soul. I don't know if a version is available that actually comes with a disc. Having used the product for about a year, turns out I didn't need the disc anyway---I can always download the program as often as needed from their site and use the code they provided (HANG ON TO THAT CODE). I am VERY happy with this product. Switched to it from the Norton stuff I had used for the past 8 years. I really like this product, and hope this information has been helpful. Joe R.
Sorry, I don't have an Imac,,Hence, I don't know. BTW; I discontinued Vipre before the 30 days money back offer expired..I took a trial 30 days with a security ESET/NOD32..And, purchased it $59.95/1 year license.,,Recommended by a tech person in the business..I found this much more thorough..You can call ESET and ask if your Imac works with their protocol..I imagine ir will. But check ..
One code but protects 2pc
YOu can download and use 30 day trial then when key gets there just enter as in paper.
No
It must be installed on both to be effective. Pkg contains no disc, etc. only a code that is proof of purchase. From that ,you download the vipre you bought, I like it... Be careful to find the real vipre website.......
AS it says "no strings attached"!
The lifetime is only good for the computer you install it on. You must buy a new package for a new computer.
no, not anymore
alone time for answer but you will have to buy a 10pc license. You can also use on android devices.
I haven't used it yet, but I think it includes a lot of clips you can drag and drop. I know Music Maker by MAGIX also has a lot of clips (samples and loops) included, and you can also purchase different "Sound Pools" from MAGIX, which include even more.
Hi yes it can be done on the Music Studio or on any of the Music Makers, which you can also do any videos that you wanted to add audio to I have been using Music Studio since 1990s they're really great .
Yes
Yes there are midi drum kits with the program as well as a drum generator. If you are familiar with the midi process and how to record in midi you can create loops with any of the available kits on the program. You will also have use the piano roll in the midi edit tab of the docker to create your loops. Most of the instructions are in the PDF manual that comes with the program. There are also youtube videos on how to create midi drum loops. Hope this helps.
Yes
I have used both. I personally find Music Studio to be better. I ended up uninstalling Mixcraft all together. Music Studio is logically laid out and easy to use. If you know anything about DAWs that is... I also use Reaper from time to time but I always end up coming back to Samplitude Music Studio. I still run the old version 12 deluxe on my studio PC and those projects export flawlessly to the 2014 version. Great piece of software for the price... watch for sales and you can get it even cheaper for better value!
This program will function to your needs. I know people whom spend a lot of money on DAW software, and expect professional results. The true aspect is what you need and the price you will pay. Samplitude Music Studio is competitive and produces great results....pending on the users experience.
Great product. You will record and edit voice on one track and add music on another. You can then export the product in most any file type you wish from .wav to .mp3
No. It's just the software for your PC, so you can record it on your PC. You'll need a minimum small mixer or a USB Microphone.
I'd call Vipre's customer support for the answer and do it before you have a problem. You should have a backup cd or DVD which would have Vipre's on it but you will need the number for your copy of Vipre's. When you call Vipre's see if you can purchase a DVD.
Hi, I still use a different program for malware, "Malwarebyte". Right now, Amazon has a better deal on the Internet Security version which includes a few more bells and whistles. Lifetime for $39.99. Here's the link, http://www.amazon.com/VIPRE-Internet-Security-2014-PC/dp/B00FFZXQLK/ref=pd_cp_sw_0 Good Luck
It can be used on a laptop but as far as I know it can't be used on a cell phone
Yes, it does remove viruses.
I figure I'm going to write more than I need to here but... Yes, you get lifetime updates on the computer you download the product on, however, there is no transferring between computers! A great deal if you use the same computer for several years; if you purchase new computers to try and keep up with technology you probably want to go a year at a time. It's a very highly rated product and works well in my experience so I don't think you'll go wrong w/VIPRE. I think I should reiterate, too - for a computer you'll run a long time go with lifetime, if you buy new computers often, do a year at a time and remember that lifetime updates apply only to the computer you download the product on initially.
I'd call Vipre's customer support for the answer and do it before you have a problem. You should have a backup cd or DVD which would have Vipre's on it but you will need the number for your copy of Vipre's. When you call Vipre's see if you can purchase a DVD.
Hi, I still use a different program for malware, "Malwarebyte". Right now, Amazon has a better deal on the Internet Security version which includes a few more bells and whistles. Lifetime for $39.99. Here's the link, http://www.amazon.com/VIPRE-Internet-Security-2014-PC/dp/B00FFZXQLK/ref=pd_cp_sw_0 Good Luck
It can be used on a laptop but as far as I know it can't be used on a cell phone
Yes, it does remove viruses.
I figure I'm going to write more than I need to here but... Yes, you get lifetime updates on the computer you download the product on, however, there is no transferring between computers! A great deal if you use the same computer for several years; if you purchase new computers to try and keep up with technology you probably want to go a year at a time. It's a very highly rated product and works well in my experience so I don't think you'll go wrong w/VIPRE. I think I should reiterate, too - for a computer you'll run a long time go with lifetime, if you buy new computers often, do a year at a time and remember that lifetime updates apply only to the computer you download the product on initially.
Yes as it can organize photos, edit photos with templates
I'm sorry that I cannot help with this. I got this for a gift for my daughter. I'm not sure what all she does with it.
Hi I am able to open and save EPS and AI formats with version 9. For example, I just now opened Illustrator CS5 files which I saved in eps and ai format. I cannot say about later versions of Illustrator, Ai and Eps. However I occasionally download files from stock photo companies in victor format and am able to open them in Xara 9. Now if you do a search in Google for AI and eps compatibility you might find comments regarding exporting to AI and EPS. For example on one Xara forum here's what a user said "If it is just plain vectors with no RGB effects like shadows, transparencies and extreme colour fills it will export to illy no problems. If there is loads of text then it will not be editable at all as each letter will import to Illy as a shape." This particular quote was for an earlier version of Xara. On the shutterstock forum here is a snippet comment regarding Xara 9 "I spoke with the Xara support and they told me that their .eps is compatible with Illustrator 8." Obviously Xara is no Illustrator so I am sure there are features in AI which are not found in Xara. But in my case, when I want to do something quick and don't want to deal with Illustrator (of which I am less skilled) I use Xara. I've been using various versions of xara for over 10 years. Maybe even 15 years! Rowby
Not sure, this is the first version I have owned
I'm still learning it, from the training videos Ive seen yes and impressive- and a Wacom pad and stylus can be used with it
Either 7 or 8 will work
Yes it is...thanks for asking
Yes you can
Why bother when you can get Print Master or Print Shop cheaper.
Yes and it does not slow down your pc
Internet. There were straightforward instructions for internet installation in the box I received when I purchased the product at Fry's. In fact that was the only thing in the box. Nice box though.
No, An ipad is apple device, An android is the name of the device. I have an android ell phone Leveno is an android device. I use vipre on my dell omputer and on my leveno pad
No, it will say in the description or heading if it is lifetime service. They have to make money, so, usually the lifetime service isn't very cheap, however, it is cheaper than paying each year.
Hello! I have just acquire this system, I'm not familiar with Vipre, I'm hopping my comouters would be protected for a full year. I read great reviews about Vipre and was satisfied about the product over all. Hopefully I have answered your question. Thanks,
secure anywhere = internet security + phone antivirus (useless); --&gt; well, your VIPRE updates itself anyways, so you can buy the 2012 version and it would still update to the latest one.
No
I'm very sorry, Jennifer, I don't know the answer to your question.
Yes. This product includes firewall protection. The program gives you access to firewall settings, statistics, connections, and firewall history In addition the program provides automatically updated definitions, and constantly scans ongoing activity for protection against viruses and other types of malware. Scans social media sites you may be using such as Facebook/twitter etc. for malware that might be encountered through the interchange. When you delete a file the program erases/eliminates the files and any trace of the file on your computer.
Yes, he will. Make sure to save the file containing the software installation key titled, "PowerDirector 12 Deluxe (Download) Keys". To reinstall the application, sign into your Amazon account and search through your order history for your original software purchase. The webpage will provide a prompt allowing you to "Go to Your Software Library", where you can reinstall the application.
https://membership.cyberlink.com/support/product-faq-content.do?id=16445&prodId=4&prodVerId=1052
Yes, works great for that.
Sorry, I can't really say. I use a JVC digital 80gb (about 5 years old) and it works well with it but I don't the format extension used by a Canon.
I can't say. I have a PC and a Mac and I only use it on the PC, I know it's not compatible with the Mac. However I do use freeware, "Handbrake" and "VLC Media" on the PC because I find the PowerDirector incredibly un-intuitive and I've not even been able to produce a dvd with it. I do, however, make raw footage dvd's with Handbrake and then load them on the Mac and use Movie Maker to create the finished product. Bottom line, I wouldn't buy PowerDirector again. But that's just me.
so far as I can tell this program is only for photographs. I have not seen any functions for editing videos. I believe that comes with the next program up.
No. When you save, it creates a file extension of _x. It also creates its own file folder. These must be deleted seperately if you wish. To replace photo, save as, and remove extension. The extra folder still exists. Hope this helped.
I would hope you saved a hard copy. Then you just would reinstall. Otherwise, I think you could possibly get another download from Cyberlink.
I had to buy licenses for each computer - but affordable at the price for this great software.
so far as I can tell this program is only for photographs. I have not seen any functions for editing videos. I believe that comes with the next program up.
No. When you save, it creates a file extension of _x. It also creates its own file folder. These must be deleted seperately if you wish. To replace photo, save as, and remove extension. The extra folder still exists. Hope this helped.
I would hope you saved a hard copy. Then you just would reinstall. Otherwise, I think you could possibly get another download from Cyberlink.
I had to buy licenses for each computer - but affordable at the price for this great software.
It is supposed to work with Windows 8.1 and that's what I have on my computer. I just couldn't get this version of Print Shop to do anything for me. I don't think it was the operating system but rather the software. It is horrible, they removed many of the options that the older version Print Shop had. I was so disappointed in it that I don't even try to use it anymore. I managed to get my old version downloaded onto the 8.1 and I am happier with it. I prefer to deal with the occasional glitch from system incompatibility. I really hated the new version of Print Shop and would have returned it if I could have. Print Shop should be ashamed for releasing that version.
I was having many issues with Printshop on Windows 8.1 after the update. I could not get it running after many e-mails back and forth with Printshop support. I gave up after awhile. I recently tried installing Printshop 3.5 Deluxe after more recent updates to both the Printshop program and Windows 8.1 and now it works fine. Of course, both of them will probably say it was the other program causing the issues.
I have Print Shop 6 and I can not open these files.
You know, I have noticed the same thing. I haven't tried to make my less fuzzy, I just re-type whatever I'm doing into my new Printshop. Or I use Notepad or Word. I think I still have 1 that I use, but plan to reprint it as soon as I have the time. Sorry I can't help you on this. Seems like there should be a way, but I even tried different fonts and it didn't change the fuzziness. Charlene
Absolutely. That's why I bought it. I was a big fan of Print Shop version 6 for XP. I do not recommend the new version, however. I have switched to Serf Page Plus.
As a computer repair technician, I don't believe this is a program problem. Out of Memory to save a photo usually refers to the lack of storage space available on your systems Hard Drive or storage device you are attempting to save the photo to. All storage devices have max amount of space. You can check the available space by finding the device or hard drive in the My Computer area and right mouse click on it, then go to properties and it will show you used and available space. Hope this helps.
Unfortunately, it is not. In fact I deleted it a requested a refund from the company. Better choice would be Print Artist Gold 25. It's still not as good and does not have a "table maker" but it is far better than the PS 3.5. Hope that helps.
Don't know - we have a PC.
No. The VUP is only for VS2012 to VS2013. This is the upgrade path: http://www.microway.com.au/microsoft/visual-studio-upgrade.php
(1) Yes you will end up with a side by side installation. I switch between the two regularly. (2) No it is NOT an exact replica. VS 2013 is very close but there are GUI differences especially relating to Cloud services, Notification/Upgrades, and integration with MS Cloud based VS Team Foundation. Overall you will NOT have to relearn anything as it relates to the GUI.
Chris, I do not believe that this is a upgrade for Ultimate. Question, why would your license have expired? You can now download VS 2013 community edition.
You are correct. The MSDN subscription is quite a bit extra. You can. however download the online help files to your system if you need to.
The VUP is an incremental upgrade from VS2012 to VS2013.
Nope. Only VS2012 can be upgraded to VS2013. All others have to buy the full retail.
No. It is only an upgrade from VS2012.
click to open then type jcofig anyware on your desktop.
You do not have to add trigger words if you collect all keystrokes. If you have certain words you want to look for in the results it does make it easier to find them in the captured text, however.
I have never really gotten it to work correctly. Spend a little more on a better software that's what I had to do.
Not sure if this is possible, I started having issue's with the ability to access it up and dumped the program.
Disable your antivirus software before downloading and re-enable software efter download. Ir type jcofig on the desktop to view computer activities
No - it only works on Windows PCs.
I love AMAZON; however, my PC works slow and I would like to remove the Amazon Coud. How can I remove it?
Without a problem and in fact is good idea to keep them in the Cloud and only download the books to want to immediately read. It saves space on your computer
My Send-to-Kindle Docs is a folder in the Amazon Cloud Drive
i googled kindle app and was able to load it on my computer. then make sure it is connected to your amazon account so that your books you buy get down loaded. i have the kindle app on both of my computers and love it. i hope this helps
Yes, you just have to sent the Amazon cloud app up on both devices, and the files should pull up on both devices.
Try Turning your Kindle off. Wait one minute then Press and Hold the on and off button for 20 - 30 seconds. This procedure worked for me when my Kindle Fire HD system could not start properly.
if you mean download something to amazon cloud file and then attach it for others, I would say no. It seems that it is only good for name on account. Hope that helps you.
No
When I have contacted them with issues, I was given advice, but was told it was no longer being supported (approximately September 2014). I was provided with no additional info in our email exchanges. So I can corroborate your info, but still nothing more on it.
I'm sorry I've been trying to figure this one out myself. G. David Curry
Hey Bill, I too had Webroot already installed. I didn't have to uninstall the program and re-install the "new" one. All I did was go under "My Account" and update the key-code that expired. Then restarted my computer and I was up and running just fine.
Open the Webroot software, then open the Advanced Settings button located top right on opening page. Make sure the the" show desktop icon" is checked in the box. Also make sure "Show a system tray Icon box is checked. Is if that does the trick.
I wish I could give you a super answer, BUT the best I answer I can saw is ask their support service to make sure!!! Wit the different devices you've listed. Check with them direct! Here's a link to their contact page: http://www.webroot.com/us/en/company/contact-us
Found this website: http://www.webroot.com/us/en/renewal, but I'm guessing that you could just repurchase from amazon and use the new product key they email you to activate it. They will include a link for you to get where you need in the email as I recall.
Google's blog says that the Chromebook has security built in, in many layers, so that an antivirus isn't needed.
Go to amazon and log on to your account.Then put your pointer on your account and a drop list will show up.scan down to where it shows your games & software library then click on it . Your software Product Key will be shown. punch that in where it asked for the code
Yes you can
Yes
Try to get your money back. 9 Out of ten times Whn I have a problem with something I ordered online, after writing the seller. I gave me a partial or full refund or they may offer the right one as an exchange. Good luck.
That would be your best bet. I always remove all of my I.S. & Virus systems when installing a COMPLETE all-in-one product such as Webroot (or, any other all-in-one that you may have previously installed), as it has a built-in anti-virus system. If you don't remove your previous system, you could run into future problems of both systems trying to work...and they could end up working against each other.
It works fine. No problems, I ust switched to widows 8.1 did not see any changes.
I have purchased 5 device protection, and I can add at any time a new device up to a total of 5. You have 365 days of protection from the first addition (double check with Webroot, I do not think it starts with the purchase date). You do not get a full year for the last device if you add it after the first device addition to the plan. I have used one 5 device purchase with tablets, computers and netbooks all at once. Like this company very much, seems to stop all viruses/problems, and I am on some sites occasionally that have known viruses.
No. In my experience, you have to uninstall the old version before you can install the new one unless u buy it directly from Webroot. So you would forfeit any time remaining on your old sub. What I do is wait until a couple days before the old sub expires to buy and download the new version.
Sure.
Yes, you definitely can. I had the same confusion actually. All you have to do is purchase the product on Newegg. After you have the program security key, open your Webroot secure anywhere software and click on the small gear next to "my account." You can then copy and paste your code into the activate new keycode field. All set.
Yes, This software is compatible with Windows XP. It has Windows XP listed as one of the requirements to run this Antivirus Software. I highly recommend Webroot and if you have any other questions I'd be glad to answer them, hope this helped! &#9786;
The devices are any device connected to the internet to include MAc/Android/iOS. I love this program, it did not slow down my computer or continuously bug me with updates. It completely works behind the scenes.
The year starts with the first installation and activation of the code that comes with the software. The nice thing is you can buy these when they are discounted and use the codes when needed. When you use the code, they work for the latest version of the software.
Yes it does. It is cloud-based, so it takes very little space on your computer and loads very quickly. I'm very pleased with the results.
It is licensed to be installed on up to 5 devices, 4 computers and a phone, 3 computers and 2 phones, etc.
No. Just update with new security code.
It will keep you safe while you bank online. I have never had any online issues paying bills, or banking while using this software. As an IT Consultant, I use this software on every device I own, 5 PC's, 2 Laptops, and many tablets and phones. I also recommend this to my customers.
Kindles use a proprietary android operating system. As such the chances of a virus are very slim. The FBI Moneypak virus has been known to hit kindles, but in each case is the result of an infected email, side loading apps, or rooting their device. To answer your question, Yes Webroot will work on the Kindle Fire. However I've read that device administration is denied to third party apps do some features may not work.
Yes it does. I haven't had any ads pop up since I have gotten this software.
I don't know about Kapersky, but SecureAnywhere runs just fine along side McAfee. McAfee did notice it was there and said something weekly stated about it not being wise (or words to that effect) to run two antivirus programs at the same time. That being said SecureAnywhere found and dealt with trogans and keystroke recorders that McAfee never detected. I work in a school district with old computers running XP and using a flashdrive to transfer yearbook related materials to my home computer is where my difficulties have arisen.
I am loving the webroot security program. I downloaded from Amazon and it leterally took only about 30 seconds. Also, as soon as I downloaded, I ran the program and it found and deleted malware on my laptop. I have had no negative issues with this program. Also, it was the most reasonably priced.
Secure anywhere is fine, as I have used it for over 2 years now. There is one point of contention that I have with the software. It seems through my experience with the product is that it holds any viruses in quaranteen so they cannot effect your system. However, once you de-install the software package, the viruses come back onto your system. When I reinstalled the new secureanywhere version, the system scans for viruses again and holds them again. I would perfer that it would kill the virus program itself, but that could effect the registry part of your computer and not allow it to work properly as it could delete a .dll file that your system needs, and the virus needs at the same time. So this is the reason that it puts the virus program in quaranteen. With continued subscription, it was worked fine.
No
Yes
I'm sure the issue is only affecting those two, if I heard correctly those are current bugs that are being worked on during the beta updates Mac gives. Even if it wasn't caused by an update, those are apple related products and should not affect the Antivirus program . Either way the deal is nice and you may as well buy it now.
No. Just update with new security code.
It will keep you safe while you bank online. I have never had any online issues paying bills, or banking while using this software. As an IT Consultant, I use this software on every device I own, 5 PC's, 2 Laptops, and many tablets and phones. I also recommend this to my customers.
Kindles use a proprietary android operating system. As such the chances of a virus are very slim. The FBI Moneypak virus has been known to hit kindles, but in each case is the result of an infected email, side loading apps, or rooting their device. To answer your question, Yes Webroot will work on the Kindle Fire. However I've read that device administration is denied to third party apps do some features may not work.
Yes it does. I haven't had any ads pop up since I have gotten this software.
I don't know about Kapersky, but SecureAnywhere runs just fine along side McAfee. McAfee did notice it was there and said something weekly stated about it not being wise (or words to that effect) to run two antivirus programs at the same time. That being said SecureAnywhere found and dealt with trogans and keystroke recorders that McAfee never detected. I work in a school district with old computers running XP and using a flashdrive to transfer yearbook related materials to my home computer is where my difficulties have arisen.
I am loving the webroot security program. I downloaded from Amazon and it leterally took only about 30 seconds. Also, as soon as I downloaded, I ran the program and it found and deleted malware on my laptop. I have had no negative issues with this program. Also, it was the most reasonably priced.
Secure anywhere is fine, as I have used it for over 2 years now. There is one point of contention that I have with the software. It seems through my experience with the product is that it holds any viruses in quaranteen so they cannot effect your system. However, once you de-install the software package, the viruses come back onto your system. When I reinstalled the new secureanywhere version, the system scans for viruses again and holds them again. I would perfer that it would kill the virus program itself, but that could effect the registry part of your computer and not allow it to work properly as it could delete a .dll file that your system needs, and the virus needs at the same time. So this is the reason that it puts the virus program in quaranteen. With continued subscription, it was worked fine.
No
Yes
I'm sure the issue is only affecting those two, if I heard correctly those are current bugs that are being worked on during the beta updates Mac gives. Even if it wasn't caused by an update, those are apple related products and should not affect the Antivirus program . Either way the deal is nice and you may as well buy it now.
Of course. A B C D E F. ETC.
My guess is you cannot use the 2014 version, but maybe you can by using 2013 version. Go to www.irs.gov and search to amend a 2013 return, go to the 1040X PDF with instructions and forms. I don't know whether or if you can file using the 2013 version, or perhaps file online via the IRS.
Yes. The extension request form is included with the software.
I bought a download of the software from Amazon. I know that you can do more than one return, but I don't know that you can do multiple downloads to other computers. That would have to be determined by Amazon. I didn't actually get the program on a disc.
Yes, form 8606-nondeductible IRAs and its worksheet are included in this software.
5 efiles are included.
should be part of the down loads.
Yes, e-file. No, State.
According to the Block website, yes. http://www.hrblock.com/tax-software/
Yes. From your Amazon.com software library.
There is a PC and Mac version, but not iPad as far I am aware.
With the deluxe version of H&R Block you and file federal & state software online (efile) or you can print them out and mail them in (your choice). I intend to file my Federal by efile and print and mail in my Pennsylvania taxes in. If you want, you can also main the Federal in.
I think only one is included. You can buy additional sate programs.
On the H&R Block website, it lists 10.5.8 as the earliest version of OSX this software will work on so you just made the cut!
I found the premium version extremely easy to use for rental property. It is easy to input the costs associated with the rental property because the software ensures you include any mortgage interest, property management fees, maintenance costs, days not rented, rental depreciation, etc. Based on my experience, I would recommend the premium version for rental property management.
5
Similar product, but uses the 2013 tax forms instead of 2012. Trying to use the 2012 software to file 2013 taxes won't work as it will print out on 2012 forms and e-file as a 2012 return instead of a 2013 return.
Yep-I did that twice with no problem, so I could work on taxes while at work PC and at home on my laptop :)
Please note that while the state software is included for free, you will need to pay a fee to e-file the state return ($19.95 for NC). The federal e-file is free (up to 5 e-filings).
Not for me. I did received a few updates when run program. 1 time is from far away, download from Asia. No issues so far.
yes
Yes, it does. It includes Schedule C with is for small business (home-run, business).
This is only an end of year filing program
Yes you can. Once you finish, it gives you both options...print or efile.
Sorry, I have no idea.
Yes the software they sold me in January was out of date. It would not even update it self, it was so old. had to delete it and get a new version.
Yes it is.
No!
You can e-file up to 5 Federal returns FREE. This does not include State filing. State filing has its own filing cost.
This is the Federal version only. For slightly more, the Federal + State version is available: http://www.amazon.com/Block-Software-2013-Deluxe-State/dp/B00FYH8URE/ref=pd_cp_sw_1
Nope, you can see if you click on the picture, says federal. Some of the others say also state on the front under federal. They cost more, though.
Don't know never tried. But I assume as long as you have the key code and download on both computer I would think it would work. But I've never tried so I can't say for sure.
I opened my H&R block and went into the search bar. If I type 1041, the form shows up (schedule k-1 estates and trust). If I type form 706 I get nothing back. I figuer that means they don't support that form. Hope this helps.
Yes
I do not have a MacBook Pro so I do not know the answer. I do know the Business software did not work on my PC. I could not download my information from last year. Description read that H&R Block software would easily import from Turbo Tax and Quicken software, however later I was told that was not true with the Business Program.
No
Terrible program. Don't buy it.
Yes, this includes free e-fail for one state.
Yes, up to 5 1040 returns can be efiled for free. I do not know whether Corporate, partnership and trust returns can be efiled.
Don't really know. They say it does but I have not tested it on 8.
If my memory serves me well, I think you get activation code from IRS I think by registering on IRS web site.
They will figure out self-employment tax in your 1040. You can report income from 1099s and deduct business expenses as well.
Yes it works with windows 8
No to the duel install but no need for that since you get five (5) free federal efiles. The state efile fee is not included in the package.
Yes, however there is an additional fee to e-file the state return -only 5 federal e-files are included. Some states offer free filing on their website for which the software provides the inputs, or you can print a paper copy and mail it in for the state.
1040
You probably are at the right place to purchase a download of the tax program. This can be frustrating because you will get a link to click on that will start the download to your computer. Then you will have to select "Save" or "Run" (or you can do both). The program is saved to your download folder. You will need to click on "Run" to begin the installation program. When it is installed, you will need to open the program which will give you an opportunity to update the program (it will not run without updates of the federal program). It will probably take you a half-an-hour to do this. If you are not familiar with downloading and installing programs, I suggest you either get someone to do this for you, or go to Staples, Wal-Mart or Sam's Club and buy a disc and install it yourself. You can do it, just don't be disturbed by the possibility that you might mess up something. That is pretty hard to do, and you can probably download again if somehow the download is interrupted. You know, if you have a simple tax return, I would be inclined to use one of the online free tax programs. Even H&R Block has one you can use online. If this is your first return, then that might meet your needs. I stay mad at H&R because they do not offer returning customers their best price, but make you hunt on the internet, watch for sales or deal with rebates. Not the way I would treat my customers.
I got a code to do a free Federal e-file. I don't know if it applies to more one Federal e-file or state.
Yes - exactly what I do - you have 5 free federal filings (and some states by law require free efiling - e.g. NY)
Yes
If anyone gets the answer to this question, please post it
After installation, you will need internet access to register Street Atlas 2014 with Delorme. After that, you will not need internet access to operate the application. However, if you want to download satellite images from Delorme for a specific location/s, you will need internet access again. Delorme says Street Atlas 2014 will operate on Windows 7/8. I have Windows 7, and it work fine. Hope that answers your questions.
As far as I can see it is not possible.
It is similar but has some more user friendly features and probably some updated maps. I usually update (replace) my Street Atlas every 3 years. I have used it to plan many trips and I think it is better than the others I have purchased such as MS Streets.
Definitely, but 2015 version is due to be released in a few weeks. You may wish to wait
I don't know. This software is so miserable to use that I just use Google maps. Waste of money.
DeLorme Street Atlas USA Plus 2014 HAS maps for US and Canada, and DOES DO trip planning. So if you had it, you would not need MS Streets & Trips. If MS is dropping S&Ts, don't waste your time with it. I am sure it is NOT compatible with DeLorme. Street Atlas 2014 has an amazing capability and number of features. Add a GPS sensor and you have the complete package. This is the way I went, and am very satisfied.
I'm not sure. I believe you can. The problem is that this is the worst software I have ever purchased. I seldom use it because it is so cumbersome to do anything with it.
Not this particular product. You'll have to buy the antenna separate, or buy the Street Atlas that includes the antenna. They run around $50.
Never used MS but I am a big fan of Street Atlas. I use it for multiple things at my jib.
yes - you can install it on both computers.
It says Latin American right on the box front.
As far as I know we didn't get through it all yet
Yes. The MP3 CD can be used by most newer car CD players. If it cannot, there are complete instructions for converting the MP3 tracks to standard audio CDs.
You can download it directly from their website using the Code/Key provided on the program's box that you purchase. Although I have a CD-rom on my laptop, the disk wouldn't load, so I had to download it from their website which proved successful.
Yes. The program comes with a audio CD for iPhone/iPad/iPod/ mp3. There is also a downloadable version which you can copy to the iPad. Instructions are fairly clear.
No
Yes
I'm not sure what you mean. If you want to install more than one language on a computer, you can.
So try the Spanish first and see if that works...If you still have trouble try tech service for teh company. I don't recall the neeed to install the english at all. I just followed the install directions and the whole program installed.
I have Mavericks OS 10.9.4 and it works fine. I don't know how far back it goes. The box it came in was destroyed in our earthquake so I don't have the Mac specs handy, but I would guess it might go back as far as Snow Leopard, maybe earlier, but that is just a guess. Is it not supplied with the sales specs for the product? Sorry, I don't have more info handy at this time. I do have to say that I have moved on to Rosetta Stone. They have a terrific sale (50% and I bought the full program Levels I-V for about $250. Don't know if it's still on, but I received it just before the quake. Now that Our house is about restored, I'm getting ready to load it up.
I bought this and it would not work at all on my computer. Movavi said, "Sorry, no refund"!
No
I have not done those functions. Its a pretty simple software program, simple enough my 11 year old uses it to edit her home made movies to upload to YouTube. She trims video segments, Adds Titles and ending credits, and organizes segments into 1 video file. My guess is, it will not do any of what you are asking as I do not remember seeing those functions.....Good Luck
For merely conversion of videos from one format to another you should try Movavi Video Converter .
Linda: Not sure if this will help or not, but some older players such as the Panasonics require only DVD - disks. If you are using DVD+ disks, they will not work in some older players. Newer players can accept both the + and the - versions. Hope this helps.
I have not any problem with 17. All of my old stuff opens and works.
Yes, Pinnacle Studio 17 is compatible with Win8.
Their Version 12 was phenomenal. But from what I understand, the company was sold and is under new ownership, so product isn't quite what it used to be. Good luck!
I assume you want to download them to your computer or other device. I use YTD Video Downloader. Simply Google it. There is a free version, which is the one I have used, or you can pay for more features. The free version will also capture videos from Facebook (and I assume) a few other places, but it does not capture from a very few of the sources I have tried.
I have versions 16 and 17 installed on same pc with no problems. This link might help from Pinnacle's website. http://corel.force.com/pinnacle/articles/en_US/Master_Article/If-I-purchase-Pinnacle-Studio-16-should-I-uninstall-my-previous-Studio-version?&page=1&topicCategory=INS&keyWords=compatable%20with%20previous%20versions&sb=new&source=kba
I just right clicked on a clip in the "Media" panel and under "Display information" it shows the date of creation and the time, which was wrong but perhaps because my camera is not set up right.
It takes a long time to load and also to run every time. It takes a lot of memory, and often the computer will crash after opening it. It is quite frustrating and you must be prepared for long wait times and patience with this program. There is no support from pinnacle either. If you can get the program to run, it is very user friendly, but, the computer crashing really makes it annoying. Sometimes the program will have a patch to download, which helps for a few days, but, then it reverts back.
No
No because l trid and it didn't work how should l do to capture with pinacle 17
Linda: Not sure if this will help or not, but some older players such as the Panasonics require only DVD - disks. If you are using DVD+ disks, they will not work in some older players. Newer players can accept both the + and the - versions. Hope this helps.
I have not any problem with 17. All of my old stuff opens and works.
Yes, Pinnacle Studio 17 is compatible with Win8.
Their Version 12 was phenomenal. But from what I understand, the company was sold and is under new ownership, so product isn't quite what it used to be. Good luck!
I assume you want to download them to your computer or other device. I use YTD Video Downloader. Simply Google it. There is a free version, which is the one I have used, or you can pay for more features. The free version will also capture videos from Facebook (and I assume) a few other places, but it does not capture from a very few of the sources I have tried.
I have versions 16 and 17 installed on same pc with no problems. This link might help from Pinnacle's website. http://corel.force.com/pinnacle/articles/en_US/Master_Article/If-I-purchase-Pinnacle-Studio-16-should-I-uninstall-my-previous-Studio-version?&page=1&topicCategory=INS&keyWords=compatable%20with%20previous%20versions&sb=new&source=kba
I just right clicked on a clip in the "Media" panel and under "Display information" it shows the date of creation and the time, which was wrong but perhaps because my camera is not set up right.
It takes a long time to load and also to run every time. It takes a lot of memory, and often the computer will crash after opening it. It is quite frustrating and you must be prepared for long wait times and patience with this program. There is no support from pinnacle either. If you can get the program to run, it is very user friendly, but, the computer crashing really makes it annoying. Sometimes the program will have a patch to download, which helps for a few days, but, then it reverts back.
No
No because l trid and it didn't work how should l do to capture with pinacle 17
Hello, between both editions is no difference in functinality. The difference is in the number of cameras and lenses which are supported in either edition. If you camera is on the list of supported optical modules in the Standard edition, you should be fine with it. To make sure that your equipment is supported, please check in advance on the DxO website: http://www.dxo.com/intl/photography/dxo-optics-pro/supported-equipment With kind regards, Heike Precht Support Team DxO Labs
Yes, probably. They now have the Leica and Nikon raw file formats. So I would guess Sony is there too.
DxO can process scans of photographs taken with older cameras, but much of the true magic of DxO is not available to captures made with vintage gear. Let me explain. DxO is a powerful image editor, true. But the full power of DxO is only available when you process files that come DIRECTLY FROM DIGITAL CAMERAS, and that contain information about lens type, focal length, aperture, etc. that is embedded in the digital files when they are uploaded to your computer. Further functionality is gained when these files are raw files (some capitalize it as "RAW," but this is an error), which have a capacity for capturing a wider dynamic range (from the darkest dark, to the lightest light) in the scene. When the photo is a scanned image, or a jpg received 2nd-hand (say, in an email, or downloaded from Facebook), DxO is limited to standard image adjustments available in most photo-editors. The way it works, is DxO tests hundreds of camera bodies (sensors) and lenses, and creates special profiles that it uses to automatically sharpen and adjust for distortion and aberration in captures taken by everything from iPhones to lens+camera combinations costing in the tens of thousands of dollars. When you upload a file right from the source into your computer, DxO reads the digital metadata (EXIF) data in it, compares it with a profile downloaded from the DxO site, and automatically makes adjustments (further, manual adjustments are possible) based on the profile for your gear. Since there is no way to get this information for a photo taken with, for example, a vintage Leica or Nikon into the computer and DxO, there is no way for DxO to do this kind of magic for you on a vintage camera. I hope this helps!
You can get an electronic version via the DxO website. On Amazon, you can get boxed version and CD.
You do not have to remove the trial first, you can use the code you purchased with the box version to activate the trial on your computer.
From the back of the DxO Optics Pro 9 box sitting in front of me: Minimum configuration required Microsoft Windows Vista (32, 64 bits), Windows 7 (32, 64 bits), Windows 8 (32, 64 bits) Intel Core 2 Duo or Higher, AMD Athlon 64 X2 or higher processor, 2GB RAM ----- Mac OS X 10.6, 10.7, 10.8, 10.9 64 bits systems only, Mac with Intel processor, 2GB RAM
If you set the server 2012(r1 or r2) up as a domain controller then any connecting clients need to be professional version. Home versions will only work in a workgroup. You also need to buy CALS(client access licenses) for any PCs connecting to the server to be legal.
Yes, according to http://download.microsoft.com/download/E/6/4/E64F72BF-55E9-4D85-9EFE-39605D7CE272/WindowsServer2012R2_Licensing_Guide.pdf
Yes
No, this is a standard Windows server license. you will still need to buy CAL's to use it.
Yes, 1-2 physical processors is fine.
yes it is 64bit
You meant to ask, if it is 1- OEM for builders 2- Retail Version Answer is "1" the OEM Retail versions are bought only to attain some pathetic and useless Microsoft support incident.
You can install it on as many physical or VMs and have separate domains but you will need a license for each install. I think you have 30-days to activate.
No you can only activate the key on a single server.
no
Yes.
TurboTax Deluxe Fed, Efile and State 2013 with Refund Bonus Offer is what is listed in the cart
FYI - After purchasing the bundle, called customer service to see if I can get the tax download... it's not possible. Need to wait till disks are delivered.
Yes, after you transfer the turbotax contents on the CD to the computer's hard drive you can remove the cd and just use the computer. Hope this helps.
Here's 1/2 your question: I know the Quicken WON'T work with a MAC, since the only version they make is Quicken Essentials. I still waiting on the TT version format
As far as I know it's for a year, I think it says on the box. I wouldn't pay that kind of money if it were only for a month
1 year for both
I got my Norton Utilities when I purchased the Norton Internet Security 2014. Mine is not just a one month trial. It is still working.
Yes
I've been using this product for years, and I can assure you that it will work with Windows 7. I wouldn't be without it.
Yes ,if your the owner of the 3 computers.
i have the same problem.
I want to buy IBM Spss Statistic 22.0 Grad Pack.But I want to know the price and how many days you need for shiping
Hello Yes this works on all windows platforms. incl 8.
Yes it does. SPSS is an advanced statistics package which does all of the nuances of correlation regression and generates in addition to that the t the P values yes this is a full package statistical software which will enable you to do anything for a graduate level program.
Yes, it is compatible with Windows 8.
No ,it do not come with the 2 extra bonus software.
Yes you can. Pictures displayed on the time line can be dragged out to the length of time you want it to display. Transitions used between pictures can be adjusted in length by seconds. Hope this helps.
You can add music and jpeg the other 2 I do Not know yet
Yes, it includes the Garritan instruments.
No, it runs on Windows or Mac only.
As far as I know of, this product has everything Finale would send if you were to were to purchase from them. The product comes shrink-wrapped and contains every thing you need to install Finale on your PC/Mac. This product is the academic edition for students which is approximately a $300 discount. Luckily you can get the academic edition for $100 dollars less. The difference between retail and academic edition is that the academic edition's license is non-transferable.
The version I bought is for Windows only. So unless your tablet is Windows the answer is no.
You should call or email Finale (email and phone number at their website). There are very responsive and helpful. I believe you may be able to download the program from their website as long as you have the serial number that comes with the boxed version. You can enter that number to activate the program. I'm not 100% sure about this, so check with them first.
I'm not understanding why it isn't transferrable, but the retail edition is... what happens if there's a schoolwide computer upgrade, you'd have to buy it again? My notion was that this was for teaching Finale in the classroom for composition or arrangement, that makes a lot more sense I think. Why isn't that possible instead of paying $150 per license? I get it, they need to make money, but my school isn't exactly rolling in the dough.
I think so.
Yes for all. Garritan instruments is a software used to playback your orchestra but it sounds way better than the default sounds. Download the trial, it doesn't come with the garritan instruments, but you can hear the default sounds (midi). The garritan will sound better than that. * you choose your instruments when you set up your score. * to change an instrument, press ctrl+k (assuming you're using a pc)
read the product desvription. Mine came with a CD and then you authorize on at most 2 computers at a time. you can also pay to download directly from the company
Yes, I just did this about 2 months ago and they work fine although it seems that Finale works better on PC than Mac. Lately, Finale has been shutting down when I initially start it but then it
Not as far as I know. There is a separate version for handheld devices. They can be synchronized, I believe.
Yes, you can scan and store recipes and place them in your cookbook.
Yes
I'm using Cook'n Version 11.3.1. I have loaded over 500 recipes in the last two weeks. I'm primarily doing a copy & past from my Paprika App on my iMac Computer. So I have not tried many of the functions as of this time. The following are some of my problems thus far: 1. My computer will freeze up about 5 times a day and I have to force quit and reopen Cook'n. 2. Also it will quit and close bye it self every other day. ( I do sent a report every time this happens) 3. I can't print what you see on the screen. The print command will change the background. 4. The PDF conversion in the print command will change the background theme from what you normally will see on the screen. 5. Needs to have better help files, like step by step how to do it tutorials. With all the above problems I like the software and hope these will be fixed. I'm only two weeks into it and still learning. (Also I'm 78 and it might take me a little longer) My question: Need a step by step on how to create a CD or DVD to take to Office Depot to have a cookbook printed.
There is a cook book already loaded. You can make your own adding recipes or purchase other digital cookbooks. The home page provides new recipes all the time that you can save easily. I have found this software very easy and love finding lots of new recipes everyday. Easy to capture recipes from almost any source.
I don't use Windows 8 so I have no first hand input. The manual states "PC System Requirements -- Windows 8/7/Vista/XP -- 1GB RAM -- CD ROM -- 300 MB HD space" I would assume it would work on Win 8, contact the creator of the software at http://www.dvo.com/contact.html if you want knowledgeable support in this part of your question. I don't understand the second part of your question. I would think that Cook'n 11 refers to one program and there would be no difference if it was created by the same company (DVO Enterprises). I purchased my copy from Amazon and it is the same package that I would have received if ordered from DVO Enterprises.
To my knowledge there is no difference. Sometimes when searching products on Amazon, I've found prices on exact products differ greatly, depending on the individual companies selling the item. As for working with Win 8 - I'm not sure but there is a Cook'n Version 11 review on the Amazon site that says they are using it with 8 so I would assume it's the same program but you can check that review out to be safe. Good luck and hope you enjoy Cook'n as much as I do!
The support via email has been great..usually a 1day response time. The synch seems to work quite well and I have the app on my android phone with all of my recipes (which is great when shopping!)
Version 11 should be Version 11 in all cases, regardless of where it is purchased...
I have the CD but you can send and email to this gentleman and he would be happy to answer your question. He has been very helpful with any questions I have had. danieloaks@dvo.com
Yes, it is. I have 4 GB on my machine (this one) and it runs just fine.
Mine said 32 bit and I had no problems loading it.
This means loaded on a formatted hard drive. It's not necessary, though. If you can't format the drive, which most Windows operating systems will not let you do, just put the CD in and power-up. After starting, you'll get a command prompt to load from the CD. Then during the early part of the load, a box will come up saying your existing files will be saved in a folder named "old files" or something similar. Just O.K. that and continue.
well, the description must state that it is 32 bit. And if your system can run windows 7 it should work. That is what I did and now I am running windows 7 on my desktop that came with windows vista...hope that helps
I was able to save all pics and some of my desktop items. But your best to move everything to a flash stick, or a disk of some sort just to be safe.
It includes Media Player 12
From Vista (32 bit) you should be able to upgrade and everything will transfer over. Your system should meet all the minimum requirements for Win 7 if it was running Vista, check this page http://windows.microsoft.com/en-us/windows7/products/system-requirements to make sure. If you buy this and find it won't upgrade, you won't totally lose the value of buying Windows 7 as you can also do a 'clean' install that would require you to reinstall Office and others. However, you should backup your important files before you upgrade, just to be safe.
I have installed on many 10"computers but if your still in doubt, contact HP. Go to there website, they advertise there phone number
Yes it is a full operating system disk, you may have to find a few drivers but most of the time it has them all. I bought this disk just for that purpose for a full reinstall to a damaged hard drive.
Yes and no. This is for a new install. You will need to back up your data, and confirm all your software, hardware will work. There is a free program that will check your unit out at Microsoft. Download it run it and it will tell you what will or will not work. (Never had a problem upgrading a machine) Hope this helps.
This is an app for Mac. It does not have in-app AirPlay compatibility unfortunately. As noted in one of the comments to the reviews, you can use the system-wide AirPlay (option-click on the volume button to enable this), but that routes all of your computer's sounds through AirPlay instead of just music. In-app AirPlay would be a huge improvement.
I tried it with a mac, you can import purchasss from amazon music to itunes, but no the other way around
I doubt it. They may have to be converted to the right file format. There are two main ways to attempt to convert a WMA file to another file type:Two ways of doing it is by: - Open the WMA file in its default program and choose to save the open file as another file format. - Use a FILE CONVERSION ONLINE SERVICE OR SOFTWARE PROGRAM to convert the WMA file to another file format.
Not to Amazon Cloud Player. They used to let you upload mp3s to the cloud but they disabled the feature. (following the lead of mac/itunes to keep eveything proprietary) it's bs...but one workaround I figured is to use google drive to upload your music and there is a nice little app called gdrive (an additional app) that makes it easy to move mp3s to/from the cloud, it also has its own music player. The scam here is to force you RE-buy music you already own in order to listen to it on the go. don't let amazon or mac do this to you.
There is an Amazon Music With Prime Music in the App Store on your iPad (it's free). Download that on your iPad. If you want the Prime Music App to use on your Mac computer, then download the Mac Version.
Yes, it works on mime....
Yes just select music on device and any music found will be added to your library
Hi Wendy, it works with my IPAD2 with No problems, just download the app. Also, use the Prime Music to hear many songs for free, I particularly like the workout tracks. Enjoy.
yes
Go to the App Store and search kindle and it will come up
I was also a very long term quicken user, but i could not stand quicken's mac version after i switched to mac in 2007, & running a virtual windows machine just to run the windows version of quicken was just too much of a pain. i've been with ibank since version 3. it was miles better than mac's quicken & it gets better and better with each new release. it does function a bit differently than quicken so there will be a small learning curve, nothing drastic though. ibank5 is perhaps not as polished as the current windows version of quicken, but i am pretty sure from what i've read that there has been no great improvement of quicken's mac product. intuit is dropping the ball there. i'd say give ibank5 a shot, you likely won't regret it. i know i don't, not one bit.
iBank 5 is a global product, sold in every territory via the Mac App Store (though amazon limits purchases to U.S. customers). iBank offers full multi-currency support, downloads investments from foreign exchanges, and connects to over 10,000 banks worldwide via its optional subscription service, Direct Access. It works wherever your Mac does.
Yes, there are workarounds - although not a clone of Quicken's classification feature, which is what I assume you refer to. Instead of Quicken's class tag, you can use a separate extended category name, e.g. stationery/work-related, to distinguish work-related stationery from other stationery purchases, the solidus or slash representing the start of what would be the classification tag in Quicken. Edit tax-related and other properties as necessary in iBank Manage&gt;Categories. If you are coming to iBank from Quicken, this approach has the advantage of being consistent with how iBank imports classified Quicken transactions from a QIF transfer file. You can also set up in Manage&gt;Categories a group name, e.g. Stationery, and then subsidiary category names under that, including counterparts for the classifications you might have applied in Quicken, e.g. Stationery - personal, Stationery - work-related, Stationery - project-related, etc.
Yes. You can code tax-related transactions in iBank with a built-in set of U.S. tax codes, then export data to a TXF file for use with TurboTax or other popular tax prep software.
I successfully imported to iBank 14 years of data as a QIF from Quicken for Mac 2007, and had my chart of accounts come over fully, and every account balance accurately to the very last cent. Some minor cleanup was necessary to fix things like foreign currency symbols in which Quicken is not Mac-compliant. It was useful to carefully check my Quicken file to remove spurious transactions, and run Quicken's file rebuild routine, before creating the QIF for import, to repair file corruption for which Quicken for Mac is notorious. Migrating my accounting to iBank has been the easiest and most accurate such process I have experienced. Read the manual topic on import, run through the online tutorial, work through the process carefully, with backup data so you can revert if you make a mistake, and it should be easy for you, too.
Presumably you mean, "Can you export Microsoft Money data for import to iBank?" According to the iBank user manual, yes, you can. The iBank 5 user manual refers to importing data from Microsoft Money, in part, as follows: "iBank can import transaction data from the following file formats: QIF (Quicken Interchange Format), OFX (Open Financial Exchange, most commonly used by Microsoft Money), QFX (Quicken File Exchange, also known as Web Connect format), QMTF (Quicken Mac Transfer Format, used by Quicken Essentials), and CSV (Comma-Separated Values, most commonly used with Excel and other spreadsheet programs)." The best way to proceed is to check your version of Microsoft Money for the file export options it supports, and try out one or more of the available export/import options between Microsoft Money and iBank 5. Always work with backup files when migrating data as important as personal financial accounts. Do not overwrite or delete your original data. Tackle the job when you are wide awake and unlikely to be distracted or interrupted. Check the transferred balances, and account and category names and structure, carefully against your Microsoft Money file. Some minor adjustments and cleanup might be necessary for differences between the source application and iBank, such as chart of account structure and names, and foreign language or currency symbols. This is sometimes the case when transferring data between different applications: complex file exchange data across an entire set of accounts is rarely exactly the same as data native to the originating or destination application. In my experience, iBank has been particularly good at accurately importing data from Quicken in QIF format -- a financial data exchange format which I understand is supported by at least some versions of the discontinued Microsoft Money. Ignore the negative comments and attacks on iBank: the naysayers haven't got a clue. iBank 5 is by far the most capable and reliable full-featured personal finance software which has yet appeared for the Mac OS.
Yes and you can search transactions.
I currently use iBank 4 -- I assume this answer will also apply to iBank 5 (which I plan to upgrade to). I migrated from Quicken (Mac) and I have used iBank to record, and even print, checks (using the paper blank check forms that I have used literally for decades to print checks). It may call for some tweaking of the check field settings but it was easy to do and has worked flawlessly for more than a year now.
iBank is fully compliant with the excellent built-in foreign language support of the Mac OS, and its multiple currency features work with every currency I know in the Spanish-speaking world (in contrast to Quicken for Mac lack of these features). The iBank application is available only with menus, report titles, and user manual in English, but it is easy to enter payee descriptions and memos in Spanish, and to record transactions in local currencies -- exactly as I have done for my recent travels in Spain, Argentina and Chile. It is easy to set up and maintain an iBank file with the home currency set to any currency of Spanish-speaking countries. Spanish account and category names also can be used when setting up the chart of accounts.
Yes. iBank's set-up assistant will help you to install QIF files exported by your copy of Microsoft Money, transferring data including accounts, transactions, categories and investments.
You can use "sharing" from another computer on the network. Nat Geo, on the 110 Year Edition came in a version that was already on an external HDD. It was more expensive, but would work (and save space). http://shop.nationalgeographic.com/ngs/browse/productDetail.jsp?productId=2000089
Hi Brad, what you will get is a scanned version. I have to say as well, that I was quite dissatisfied with the quality. You will also need a special program from adobe for watching. It is free though. You will need about 50 GB of space on your PC to upload it all. However it is complete and includes the advertisements.
No, and don't buy this! It is so loaded with adware it's ridiculous. The adware is so difficult to remove that computer techs refer to it as malware, and it has to be removed by a technician, which in my case cost over $100. This set is a pc bomb just waiting to ruin your pc.
Yes it does.
I don't know why you can't install it; I've had no trouble and I have Windows 7, too. I have the 64-bit version. I don't know if that makes a difference, but mine runs very well.
Gilbert, I can't help as this was for a gift to someone with a pc.
Actually you can install the software on your laptop and your desktop as long as you only use one at a time
Both OS's are supported by this software. When you get your Filemaker software you can install it on either a Mac or Windows computer and it will work great. The version installed is the determined by the Operating system that is running when you run the installer.
Yes it does.
If you purchase the software it comes with a license. You might have to purchase additional licenses if you wish to have multiple users of the software, for example giving access to a company database on several different employees computers.
I believe a maximum of 5 users can use FileMaker, but it can only be installed on one PC.
It doesn't look like you need any in-between from version 7.5 to version 13. 12 & 13 use the fmp12 format so you should be able to open files save from version 7 in version 13 and save as the new format. Always backup your files before converting. If you run into trouble, you always have your backups to go back to. If you don't understand any issues that come up in the conversion log, you should hire someone who really knows filemaker if you don't know what you're doing. Here are instructions straight from filemaker: http://help.filemaker.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/10571/~/converting-older-filemaker-pro-files-to-the-.fmp12-file-format
Not directly. FileMaker can be used a backend database for a web site that could be accessed via Android but you need to be a pretty accomplished web developer to make that happen. FileMaker runs native on Windows, Mac OS, and iOS (iPad/iPhone).
I have not used Linux based systems so I don't know. But I do use FileMaker all day at work on both the PC and Mac. Same database and information and it works just fine. Sorry I could not be more helpful.
Hello, we only offer CD version. Not sure if others have a diwnloadbble.
Yes, according to this: http://goo.gl/Z3M9Mn
You need to read the specs at http://www.filemaker.com/products/filemaker-pro/conversion.html to find out your route for conversion of the current files. Once they are converted, they should work fine (assuming there are not data problems).
Sorry...correction the last three versions...10, 11, or 12. http://www.filemaker.com/purchase/store/buying_faq.html
I don't know but I doubt it. The best thing to do for an answer is contact Filemaker. Good luck.
FileMaker 13 requires OS X 10.7.0 or newer or Windows 7.0 or newer.
Hi Greg, This is an upgrade. You must have an earlier version installed, or, I think, the serial number from an earlier version. I'm an Engineer and a Realtor. I write all kinda of databases to streamline my life and business. Don't know what I'd do without it. It should be a standard on every computer.
When you get the boxed version, it does have the CD and a starter manual.
On Amazon you can not purchase volume licenses...so these are all single user copies. You'll need to contact an authorized FileMaker Business Alliance member to purchase discounted licenses for more that 5 users. See the following explanation http://cimbura.com/tech/2013/10/18/filemaker-licensing-made-easy/
This is only suitable for upgrading an earlier version of FileMaker Pro (version 10, 11, or 12). You must have the earlier version loaded on your computer AND the license key to do the upgrade. If you do not have version 10, 11, or 12, you will have to purchase the full version of FMP 13, not the Upgrade.
Yes, as you are paying for the service along with the product.
We have filed five returns for members of our family from . one turbo tax.
Hello. This is an actual disk and is fulfilled by amazon. So you can get it as early as Wed.
Yes, You can save your returns as PDF file and without filing it with IRS
Yes
Yes it works on windows 8.1
No, you will need TurboTax Business version to file form 1120. The Home &Business version is for your personal return. No, I'm sorry. TurboTax Business will not prepare Form 1120-F. Certain Cash Contributions for Typhoon Haiyan Relief Efforts in the Philippines Can Be Deducted on Your 2013 Tax Return A new law allows you to choose to deduct certain charitable contributions of money on your 2013 tax return instead of your 2014 return. The contributions must have been made after March 25, 2014, and before April 15, 2014, for the relief of victims in the Republic of the Philippines affected by the November 8, 2013, typhoon. Contributions of money include contributions made by cash, check, money order, credit card, charge card, debit card, or via cell phone. The new law was enacted after the 2013 forms, instructions, and publications had already been printed. When preparing your 2013 tax return, you may complete the forms as if these contributions were made on December 31, 2013, instead of in 2014. The contribution must be made to a qualified organization and meet all other requirements for charitable contribution deductions. However, if you made the contribution by phone or text message, a telephone bill showing the name of the donee organization, the date of the contribution, and the amount of the contribution will satisfy the recordkeeping requirement. Therefore, for example, if you made a $10 charitable contribution by text message that was charged to your telephone or wireless account, a bill from your telecommunications company containing this information satisfies the recordkeeping requirement.
I'm really not sure. I would suggest that she pose that question to the Turbo Tax Support Assistance.
One state only.
I previously had to do an amended return with Turbo Tax and since I keep all of my disc's, I did not have a problem. You may have to input all of the original data into the 2013 version and click on amended return. Good Luck
According to Intuit TurboTax website, you would need to purchase TurboTax Home and Business----that is according to their comparison chart. TurboTax Deluxe does not do Schedule C.
I have used Turbotax since the 1980's and yes, if you enter the information on your interest and dividends, etc. in Schedule B and your income and expenses in Schedule C it makes the calculations. You can then import the basic information from the previous year into the current year to help speed you through the process in doing your current tax return.
Yes it does
I have never used Basic; it has been the Deluxe which I have used at least 15 years. The program has changed some over the years. If you have been using a tax program or have been doing your taxes, it has a fairly good interface.
Yes...is it compatible with 8.1
Hello, yes the item does include the free federal filing. And yes it should be around the same price
The item number for the state is B009CCXJ0A and is priced at $14.95.
Yes, this is a CD.
The one I bought was on disc, it only had federal no state some vendor have it that you could download it
I don't know
No - I don't believe so.
I, too, struggled with layers. This trainer does go through the same fundamentals you have read in other sources. He than says something like "keep working at it. Most people eventually grasp layers". Not good enough for me. I still struggle. I would not recommend this course
Yes, however you must be certain that is the MAC Version.
Hi Chaloots! Yeah, I had wondered the same thing; on their website FAQ they state: "...All of our courses are compatible with both Windows (PC) and Mac computers..." from the simonsezit dot com faq page. Maybe an Amazon typo, or maybe it refers to Elements 12 not being compatible with Apple Tiger, Leopard, or Snow Leopard, while Elements 12 will work on all versions of Windows XPsp3 and above? Or maybe there's something magical about this particular DVD; after all they said it on the Internet so it must be true! &lt;ggg&gt; Regards, Jim
Hi James G! According to the simonsezit doc com website FAQ: "All of our courses are compatible with both Windows (PC) and Mac computers." Of course Elements 12 will only run on Apple OS Lion and above. (I have the Windows DVD version and it works just fine on Win 8.1). Sorry I don't have a Mac to test it on for ya but if you check out the simonsezit website they might be able to give a definitive answer. Regards, Jim
received cd rom with my order.. took a couple weeks, but worth it
2014
It doesn't matter. If it's new in the box and the key has never been registered, you're 15 months start at the time of registration, and Norton automatically updates it to the current version. If there's any question, open 360 and click on support in the upper right corner. Choose "New Version Check" from the drop down. Norton checks for the latest version and gives the option of updating. All updates are free during the 15 months of the agreement period. I typically buy new but year or two old-hopefully open box- copies of 360 and have done so for as low as $5. I register the key, update, and have the same protection for a fraction of even the discounted product. The worst possible deal is automatic renewal. Oh yes, to answer your actual question, I bought one of these. It was the latest product when posted last year, and the description was never change. Oops! The good news is this product should now be really cheap now and you'll get a great deal on the same protection others are paying a good bit more for.
There is a download code that is sealed inside the box by the manufacturer. Shipping charge incurs so the entire box can be shipped to buyer.
received cd rom with my order.. took a couple weeks, but worth it
2014
It doesn't matter. If it's new in the box and the key has never been registered, you're 15 months start at the time of registration, and Norton automatically updates it to the current version. If there's any question, open 360 and click on support in the upper right corner. Choose "New Version Check" from the drop down. Norton checks for the latest version and gives the option of updating. All updates are free during the 15 months of the agreement period. I typically buy new but year or two old-hopefully open box- copies of 360 and have done so for as low as $5. I register the key, update, and have the same protection for a fraction of even the discounted product. The worst possible deal is automatic renewal. Oh yes, to answer your actual question, I bought one of these. It was the latest product when posted last year, and the description was never change. Oops! The good news is this product should now be really cheap now and you'll get a great deal on the same protection others are paying a good bit more for.
There is a download code that is sealed inside the box by the manufacturer. Shipping charge incurs so the entire box can be shipped to buyer.
Yes it does. The data is on a microSD card that fits into a standard SD card adapter. It worked well with my Garmin Nuvi 500.
It came to late to make the trip. So I will be returning it.
A friend of mine took one of this SD cards loaded with maps to Bolivia, Peru, Chile and Argentina, his GPS is a Garmin though! working without any problems
I don't know about the places you are asking about. But it was very good with my trips to Alfenas, So Paulo, and Fortaleza, Brazil.
I' m using the South American maps with a garminNuvi 1370 successfully. Do not know about other models, but Garmin may be able to confirm compatibility-- good luck
This is the complete list of voice languages: American English British English Australian English Canadian French European French Italian German American Spanish European Spanish Dutch Swedish Danish Finnish Russian Mandarin Chinese
Its exactly the model I have, and yes, these work perfectly.
Garmin doesn't put enough effort in creating maps for south america. They just care about Europe and North America. These are dedicated maps, much better. I've used them for a long time
A memory card is the only thing you'll get. The GPS unit is sold separately. It is what it shown in the picture.
No, I believe these only work for Garmin units.
No. you will have to create a disk partition to install windows on your mac. It will not wipe your Mac OS. Basically part of your HD will be dedicated to windows
No. It is not the full retail version, it is for system builders only. It is supposed to be used by computer builders on computers that are sold to someone else, not for themselves. It is not supposed to be transferred to another computer,or, motherboard, even if you destroy the original. That being said,microsoft will let you do a clean install a few times, it gets progressively harder each time. It is "full" in the sense that it contains all the same features, it just can not be transferred(installed),unlimited times if you replace the motherboard every 6 months,like I do.
I convert all my windows 8 laptops to a std windows 7 display by running classic shell and FSL launcher(google for downloads). you won't be able tell the difference ...looks like, feels like windows seven..but; maybe one day you may want your lap top to act like a tablet..window eight can still be pulled off the side panel...I have loaded a couple of hundred machines like this..no grips..its amazing how many professional people don't like windows 8.....also.. NOTE: guys/gals this is windows 7 Home premium..the max memory you can address is 16gb ....some folks have loaded 32gb and complain of being shorted 16gb.
Without digging the License Agreement out of the CD, I'm not positive, but, from what I read about "oem" OS software, what you buy is a License to install the OS on ONE, newly created system that, technically, you have built for resale. There's a lot of info out there about whether or not this applies to home builders, or virtual machine builders (using, for e.g., Parallels), but I can tell you that it installed and runs JUST FINE on my Parallels VM. But in the install process, there's a point where you put in your unique ID code that comes with the OS disc and your system communicates online with Microsoft to "validate" your key code. I would imagine that they're registering the MAC address and s/n of your system and that after that, your unique validation code won't work on another system. If you ever bought a computer in the day when they came with the OS on a "reinstallation" or back-up disc, and then ever tried to install that OS on another computer (or on Parallels....I tried when I first got Parallels), you'll know that it won't work because the install system sees that it's a DIFFERENT machine. I've heard of people sometimes having that problem after repairs of upgrades to their original machine, and there is a phone # where you can call Microsoft and tell them your story and sometimes they'll give you a validation code for an additional install of your changed original machine that came with an oem OS installed. But that's about it I'm afraid. So figure if you buy the oem version, it's for ONE computer.
Yes it's for a new computer build. Basically, as I understand it, the installer is windows support. With this version you can't call Microsoft for support. That's the only kicker - but if you're building comps chances are that not contacting Microsoft isn't really a big deal.
This isn't an upgrade its actually a full OS. So in other words you will be completely uninstalling vista and re installing windows 7
As of today (2-6-15) it is. But Microsoft has been changing their upgrade path plans as they get closer to release. So by time 10 is out, they may have changed the rules on what will be excepted. As of now it's only Windows 7 and 8.
Yes, if that is what you want it to do. And, no if you do not. You have the chose to, format your HDD, hard disk drive, re-install saving your documents, pictures and downloaded files, provided that you currently have Windows 7 installed on your PC. Or, repair the current OS provided it is Win 7 Home Premium. Also, be aware of what bit OS you have if you are upgrading. i.e. 64 bit or 32 bit. You can not down-grade, go from, say Win 8 to Win 7. You must select to format the HDD if your are going from a 32 bit OS to a 64 bit. It is my opinion that Windows 7 Professional 64 bit Operation System is as good as it gets. Win 7 Home Premium 64 bit is sweet, too.
What being bound to the motherboard means that you won't be able to activate it on another PC. If you change the motherboard on your present PC you will have to activate by phone. There will be no problem to upgrade to say windows 8. But then you will have the same issue of that OS bound to the motherboard. I have done this many times with upgrades and PC repairs.
If you open the white card-stock envelope, you will find your Disc within a blue card-stock envelope. On the front of that blue envelope is a sticker... it has a barcode on the top and right sides of it, and a QR code (square checked UPC type code). To the left of the QR code is your key, along with a tiny Skeleton key symbol. The text is very small, and I had to actually break out my magnifying reading glasses that I use for detail work to read it.
Depends. Amazon is now STUPIDLY listing things under the same titles even though they ship from different sources. Ships from Amazon is likely to be legit. Ships from ANY MARKETPLACE SOURCE IS LIKELY TO BE COUNTERFEIT, RESOLD, COA (not valid), etc. because AMAZON DOES NOT CARE TO POLICE THEIR OWN MARKETPLACE.
Yes, I'm sure you can. As I understand it, Microsoft maintains a record of your Windows software associated with your computer, not your hard drive. Your clean install at a later time will require deleting the original install if both drives are present at the time. In a worse case scenario, you might have to call Microsoft customer support if you have a glitch; just explain to them what you are trying to do and they will get you through it.
No, but there are a lot of online tutorials. Check this one out http://www.techtalkz.com/windows-7/514412-windows-7-installation-guide-tutorial.html
I loaded this on my Mac mini running fusion. I also have an xp pro and s Ubuntu partition. Very easy install and runs great.
Yes. Professional, Enterprise, and Ultimate support up to 192GB of ram. Home Premium onlys allow 16GB max. After that, it now all depends on how much memory your processor and motherboard can support.
Yes, it does. This is a normal Microsoft copy of windows. I've bought numerous copies for my builds.
Yes
The OEM (system builder) edition allows for one installation only activated by Microsoft. Installing the OEM on multiple computers will cause the authentication process to fail and you'll have an unlicensed version of windows on 4 of your 5 computers! If you need to install windows 7 pro on more, you need to purchase the retail version of windows, which will allow you to install the same license key onto up to 5 machines.
Basically, any new operating system installs best on a newly formatted HD. This means your computer's empty. You are not going to save your programs and data. Be aware most programs will need to be reinstalled, then it's data can be restored. This being said, your computer should forget who it was and it's component parts also, part of a OEM disk protocol is to format your HD. Be sure to have access to your computer's manufactures web sit for driver access. Win 7 Pro has a good driver data base but may not have your network card or wireless radio. Having an Ethernet dongle is recommended. This is if you have an OEM OS disk, an update disk is different. Not as clean of a reinstall of the OS, I've heard.
No. PowerPoint is typically an inherent part of the Microsoft Office. As such you will have to purchase MS Office and install it separately.
Yes
Actually Yes. First install Windows Easy Transfer for XP and export all your settings to and external drive or network share. After Windows 7 installation run Easy Transfer (already in Win7) and restore your settings. This will transfer all your internet settings, favorites, docs, music, pics, etc., but not any of your old programs. Be sure to have copies of programs that you want to re-install after the of Windows 7.
One system
I received a disk.
No. You will need a 64 bit version with the proper DVD. Note the retail version shipped with 2 DVD's... one for each verdion.
According to this article, you don't need a copy of Windows to run a VirtualBox copy of Windows (http://pclosmag.com/html/issues/201309/page15.html)...good luck!
I would need much more information and specific error messages. If you have a 2nd computer nearby, you can search for solutions to problems you encounter.
Mine did. I haven't installed it yet, however. I'm hoping everything validates, OK with Microsoft.
Yes
Most reviewers (myself included) state that they received both the disk and the COA (has the activation key on it). And yes, this can and will do a clean install. Be sure you have your data backed up. "Looking for your product key? The product key is a 25-digit string with a hyphen between each 5 digits. It will say "Product Key" before 25 digits or have an image of a key next to 10 digits with the remaining 15 on the next line below. The Product Key is generally located in the lower left corner of the DVD case, on the disc itself, or on a leaflet in the packaging you received."
no what you will down load is just an executable file the computer you want avast on will have to be connected to the net
I have always been emailed a new code every time I have renewed or upgraded.
What I have is an annual subscription (I think that the license is for three computers, but annually renewable). Turto
Yes, you can use it everywhere! I bought this by internet and I'm using it on my computer in BR. No problems at all.
no what you will down load is just an executable file the computer you want avast on will have to be connected to the net
I have always been emailed a new code every time I have renewed or upgraded.
What I have is an annual subscription (I think that the license is for three computers, but annually renewable). Turto
Yes, you can use it everywhere! I bought this by internet and I'm using it on my computer in BR. No problems at all.
I had this issue a few years ago and called Ancestry' customer service number and they extended my membership. Don't know if they still do this.
Yes. Check the options at Amazon when ordering. You have the choice of disk or download.
Yes, I've used it do imports with both the MAC and Windows version. This is something that works well, and is a feature that they have had for a long time, so it's not buggy. I have read there are occasionally mapping issues between programs (maybe something like military service is mapped to different fields in the two programs), but I have not experienced it.
I honestly don't know the answer to your question. I THINK you can do this, but I'm really not sure. You should call the Phone Help number: 1-800-262-3787. They've been good at answering my questions.
The Deluxe version comes with a 3 month subscrition to Ancestry.com.
I found that I could use it as just a format. Yes, at least for me it was stand alone. It's just that if you are missing data you have to search it on your own and then add it manually. I needed a lot of missing data and so I'm at a stand still on what I will do next as it seems that Ancestry.com had very little to offer me and kept offering sites that required more fees. Other than that the software was pretty straight forward as long as you read the instructions. Good luck and hope this help.
Yes
You can have as many as you like. Give each one a unique name and save as separate files. Just load the one you want to work on.
I'm currently running Yosemite 10.10.2 and FTM 3 runs fine.
No
AFAIK, there is no one click solution to remove dosearches. From what I've read, malwarebytes is used to clean up the leftovers (registry entries and leftover files) after you manually clean off the major bits (such as the program or programs that installed dosearches to begin with). Two other programs are used as well to target specific parts of dosearches. This guide should show you how to remove it. http://www.techsupportall.com/how-to-remove-dosearch-com-from-internet-explorer-chrome-firefox/
Yes it is. One time purchase, continual updates to software.
Download Malwarebytes anti-malware website (malwarebytes.org) and install. After install, open up malwarebytes and look at the top right hand for "Activate". Click on Activate, then enter your ID number and key, and click on Activate. That's it. It will turn to Premium. Enjoy a great software. See youtube for video for additional help (http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ZGuRBxFk3c).
I have Norton and it works fine with that.
Yes, it should as long as it is a "lifetime" purchase.
I downloaded mine online and it was easy - step by step.
Yes, it is.
It should but I would ask Malware Bytes that question. I'm sure there will be un update to include Windows 10. I just got a major upgrade from them and it is working even faster than before.
As far as we know, it is a lifetime license as per the ad on Amazon. I suppose that only time will tell.
Seems to work well. One must still use other cleaning programs to keep your system working properly
AFAIK, there is no one click solution to remove dosearches. From what I've read, malwarebytes is used to clean up the leftovers (registry entries and leftover files) after you manually clean off the major bits (such as the program or programs that installed dosearches to begin with). Two other programs are used as well to target specific parts of dosearches. This guide should show you how to remove it. http://www.techsupportall.com/how-to-remove-dosearch-com-from-internet-explorer-chrome-firefox/
Yes it is. One time purchase, continual updates to software.
Download Malwarebytes anti-malware website (malwarebytes.org) and install. After install, open up malwarebytes and look at the top right hand for "Activate". Click on Activate, then enter your ID number and key, and click on Activate. That's it. It will turn to Premium. Enjoy a great software. See youtube for video for additional help (http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ZGuRBxFk3c).
I have Norton and it works fine with that.
Yes, it should as long as it is a "lifetime" purchase.
I downloaded mine online and it was easy - step by step.
Yes, it is.
It should but I would ask Malware Bytes that question. I'm sure there will be un update to include Windows 10. I just got a major upgrade from them and it is working even faster than before.
As far as we know, it is a lifetime license as per the ad on Amazon. I suppose that only time will tell.
Seems to work well. One must still use other cleaning programs to keep your system working properly
Sorry, I am not familiar with Cryptolocker. I suggest that you contact Avast directly and ask the question to them. The only thing I am sure of is that for all the years we had Avast, never , ever, were we infected with any virus. One additional comment, if I may, sometimes I receive emails from unknown sources with an attached PDF File, but when you look closely it is not a PDF but a ZIP or RAR file. I delete those without opening.Good Luck.
sorry no idea
I did not purchase through Amazon, so I don't know the answer to your question.
When i first bought it i thought it was just for one computer, but when i check onto my avast account now, it says that the licence is available for 3 devices. Hope this helped you out.
one
Sorry, I am not familiar with Cryptolocker. I suggest that you contact Avast directly and ask the question to them. The only thing I am sure of is that for all the years we had Avast, never , ever, were we infected with any virus. One additional comment, if I may, sometimes I receive emails from unknown sources with an attached PDF File, but when you look closely it is not a PDF but a ZIP or RAR file. I delete those without opening.Good Luck.
sorry no idea
I did not purchase through Amazon, so I don't know the answer to your question.
When i first bought it i thought it was just for one computer, but when i check onto my avast account now, it says that the licence is available for 3 devices. Hope this helped you out.
one
Yes, there are two versions. I use the free version, which is adequate for home use. I have been using it for over four years and very satisfied with the basic functions.
Always free! You have to renew when asked. At renewal you are offered full program at a reduced sale price. Just choose free again!!!
I certainly did not like it seeming to hijack all of my browsers, but not sure I would go so far to call it malware. Uninstallation was quick and easy.
I haven't tried with these 2 products, but it's been my experience multiple antivirus program running concurrently is a bad idea.
Yes!and it is easy to install .good luck wb
Didn't worked for me
I don't use my laptop for banking I use my I phone with A different virus protectorbut I would not use this alone I would use to if I was using my laptop for banking this one plus another
While this program is a no cost download, I have an older computer Windows 7 xp and I just wasn't all that confident that Avast was working well enough for my needs so I went ahead and bought the mcafee instead. I'm more familiar with mcafee and I uninstalled the avast so I'm afraid I cannot help much. It just didn't work well enough for my personal needs.
Yes
I used to have MCafee and still my Computer died 2 years ago when it caught the Malware Virus. I was using Mcafee then it did not help. My roommate was able to revive my Computer. I just recently purchased this item and so far I have not got any virus's yet. My roommate is a Computer specialist she recommend this item.
Yes, there are two versions. I use the free version, which is adequate for home use. I have been using it for over four years and very satisfied with the basic functions.
Always free! You have to renew when asked. At renewal you are offered full program at a reduced sale price. Just choose free again!!!
I certainly did not like it seeming to hijack all of my browsers, but not sure I would go so far to call it malware. Uninstallation was quick and easy.
I haven't tried with these 2 products, but it's been my experience multiple antivirus program running concurrently is a bad idea.
Yes!and it is easy to install .good luck wb
Didn't worked for me
I don't use my laptop for banking I use my I phone with A different virus protectorbut I would not use this alone I would use to if I was using my laptop for banking this one plus another
While this program is a no cost download, I have an older computer Windows 7 xp and I just wasn't all that confident that Avast was working well enough for my needs so I went ahead and bought the mcafee instead. I'm more familiar with mcafee and I uninstalled the avast so I'm afraid I cannot help much. It just didn't work well enough for my personal needs.
Yes
I used to have MCafee and still my Computer died 2 years ago when it caught the Malware Virus. I was using Mcafee then it did not help. My roommate was able to revive my Computer. I just recently purchased this item and so far I have not got any virus's yet. My roommate is a Computer specialist she recommend this item.
3
Ryan, I'm not really sure. I just have it on one. Never tried to put it on another. Sorry, not much help on this. Jerry
I do not know, I do not understand your question sorry. All I can tell you is that since I have avast PRO in my computer I am safe and no viruses. I have it for several years already. I also have it installed in my outlook and in my google chrome and I am happy.
Check the avast website
3
Ryan, I'm not really sure. I just have it on one. Never tried to put it on another. Sorry, not much help on this. Jerry
I do not know, I do not understand your question sorry. All I can tell you is that since I have avast PRO in my computer I am safe and no viruses. I have it for several years already. I also have it installed in my outlook and in my google chrome and I am happy.
Check the avast website
I purchased the Family Tree Heritage program for my father and his new Windows 8.1 computer it is the upgraded version of his old family tree program it would not even load on his computer even our computer tech support team could not install it. By the time we figured this out it was to late for a refund, Our tech support recommended Family Tree Maker which is what I have had on my Computer for years. So bottom line, this is not a program I would recommend Family Tree Maker is what I installed on my fathers computer it installed easily and works great.
YES , Save Time! Family Tree Heritage is fully integrated with the new FamilySearch, the largest genealogy organization in the world. Find records and important documents for your ancestors with one click from the Main Menu. Import records directly and build your family tree quickly. Everything you need to find your ancestors and build your tree is right at your fingertips.
Hi, We apologize however, Material 8116434 Family Tree Heritage Platinum 9 does not sync with Ancestry.com.
If you mean can you open your old file created in a previous version of Family Tree Heritage with this new version, the answer is yes.
None really, I've had both and never found any real pros or cons, to each his on I guess. The download can be re-issued without cost in the event of loss of data (don't let anyone tell you otherwise) so the only real benefit of the CD is an actual hard copy. But saying that the program itself is tiny so, a disk copy has always been overkill to me. I keep a mobile version on my USB at all times, so a hard copy gives me nothing.
No, once load it the first time, I only have to press the shortcut icon to get it back later. You DO have to be sure that you do nothave it loaded on more than 2 compiters. It will only completely work on TWO of them at a time.
If that flash drive remains on the same computer it will work fine. If you are looking to run the software on multiple computers from the drive it may be possible on Macs, but not on Windows because the entries that must be made to the registry won't be on any computer other than the one where the software was first installed. Either way, moving this software from computer to computer may very well violate the EULA. I wouldn't suggest doing that.
Thank you for your question and your interest in Final Draft. Yes, we removed Collabowriter from this version. We had to remove it because anti-virus software and firewalls were limiting connections to the feature. We are in the process of reviewing Collaboration methods and ways to bring this feature back into Final Draft 9. In the meantime, our users are reporting to us that they successfully employ a number of free screen sharing options out there right now (Mac OSX, Screen Hero, Join.me, Skype) which allow them work in Final Draft together now. We have not determined if this is something we'll include in version 9 or future release.
Hi, thanks for the question, Final Draft 8 in my opinion really a must, I don't mean for status or bragging rights (what with everyone who is everyone using it) but for the sheer brilliance of it all. The biggest problem with screenwriting is the formatting, FD looks after that without you even noticing, they even change if if the industry standard changes by updating. I resisted buying for years, I used Word, Celtx etc, but you kick it up a notch as soon as you get FD. And the scene card view can really help with blocking or plotting issues. The program can help with analyticals too, swearing counts, and will even let you know if Uncle Bob's character hasn't had a line in a while :) Check out the online manuals, they explain most of the functions. Version 9 is still very buggy, avoid it for now if you can. If you (like me) plot and plan obsessively another tool I use every day is a tiny piece of software called 'writer's cafe'. It has everything a writer needs for the planning process, the bookshelf and post-it note pegboard for scene plotting is awesome. Please let me know if you need anything else. P
The license is only for one PC. There is a deactivation process so that you can move the software to another PC. The process is described in the manual.
No
The two products are exactly the same, but the EDU version is priced lower for students and educators of accredited schools.
They give you two installs for one license but I don't think you can do one for different operating systems. If you have an iPad go with the Mac version because then you can download Final Draft writer app ($25) and can go back and forth.
I am a Executive Producer of a production company and write for Hollywood, I personally perfer Final Draft. Not sure what your use is but it is more common with the industry due to its ease and user friendly. Hope this helps.
None really, I've had both and never found any real pros or cons, to each his on I guess. The download can be re-issued without cost in the event of loss of data (don't let anyone tell you otherwise) so the only real benefit of the CD is an actual hard copy. But saying that the program itself is tiny so, a disk copy has always been overkill to me. I keep a mobile version on my USB at all times, so a hard copy gives me nothing.
No, once load it the first time, I only have to press the shortcut icon to get it back later. You DO have to be sure that you do nothave it loaded on more than 2 compiters. It will only completely work on TWO of them at a time.
If that flash drive remains on the same computer it will work fine. If you are looking to run the software on multiple computers from the drive it may be possible on Macs, but not on Windows because the entries that must be made to the registry won't be on any computer other than the one where the software was first installed. Either way, moving this software from computer to computer may very well violate the EULA. I wouldn't suggest doing that.
Thank you for your question and your interest in Final Draft. Yes, we removed Collabowriter from this version. We had to remove it because anti-virus software and firewalls were limiting connections to the feature. We are in the process of reviewing Collaboration methods and ways to bring this feature back into Final Draft 9. In the meantime, our users are reporting to us that they successfully employ a number of free screen sharing options out there right now (Mac OSX, Screen Hero, Join.me, Skype) which allow them work in Final Draft together now. We have not determined if this is something we'll include in version 9 or future release.
Hi, thanks for the question, Final Draft 8 in my opinion really a must, I don't mean for status or bragging rights (what with everyone who is everyone using it) but for the sheer brilliance of it all. The biggest problem with screenwriting is the formatting, FD looks after that without you even noticing, they even change if if the industry standard changes by updating. I resisted buying for years, I used Word, Celtx etc, but you kick it up a notch as soon as you get FD. And the scene card view can really help with blocking or plotting issues. The program can help with analyticals too, swearing counts, and will even let you know if Uncle Bob's character hasn't had a line in a while :) Check out the online manuals, they explain most of the functions. Version 9 is still very buggy, avoid it for now if you can. If you (like me) plot and plan obsessively another tool I use every day is a tiny piece of software called 'writer's cafe'. It has everything a writer needs for the planning process, the bookshelf and post-it note pegboard for scene plotting is awesome. Please let me know if you need anything else. P
The license is only for one PC. There is a deactivation process so that you can move the software to another PC. The process is described in the manual.
No
The two products are exactly the same, but the EDU version is priced lower for students and educators of accredited schools.
They give you two installs for one license but I don't think you can do one for different operating systems. If you have an iPad go with the Mac version because then you can download Final Draft writer app ($25) and can go back and forth.
I am a Executive Producer of a production company and write for Hollywood, I personally perfer Final Draft. Not sure what your use is but it is more common with the industry due to its ease and user friendly. Hope this helps.
I did not have too
Mac is my name, This is for Windows version
This comes with QB Premiere already but this is the Academic version mac
Everything is the same functionality just discounted for Academics and non profits mac
No you don't thanks for asking
No it doesn't. It cannot display it properly even if copy and pasted into it.
Yes. Final Draft contains templates for stage plays, graphic novels, scripts, TV shows and text documents (query letters, treatments, outlines, etc.)
You can copy and paste, I do it in small increments, like the action then the dialog. If you do it all at once, it is a bit more complicated to get it all back to the correct format. I love writing with Final Draft 9. It makes writing a screenplay so much easier and much quicker.
Yes, but Final Draft 9 is an excellent program. I doubt that you'll be needing any help. The index section on help explains how to take your old scripts and update them. Good choice because I was in LA pitching to producers and they'll take a PDF from Final Draft. The studios only accept emails from Final Draft 9.
Yes. After installation, the software requires authentication (activation) of the license with the publisher. The license you purchase specifies the number of authenticated (activated) copies. I believe each license can have two authenticated (activated) installations. For example, I have two licenses, purchased on line from Amazon, with two authentications (activations) each, for a total of four copies in use.
I bought Final Draft 9 as a download through Amazon. I feel 99% certain that it was available in multiple languages, and you choose which language at the time of download. I also think it offers spell checker in those languages also.
yes
Sorry, there isn't a tutorial program that I can find. However, the User's manual is under the "Help" tab and you can also find some free video tutorials on YouTube and there are a couple of books you can purchase. From my experience, the program is pretty intuitive and a little bit of fiddling around with it and watching the YouTube videos should get you enough of a foundation that you won't need a tutorial and should only need the user's manual for specific tasks. Hope this helps. Good Luck!
All of the above. 10 export file options.
No
No it doesn't. It cannot display it properly even if copy and pasted into it.
Yes. Final Draft contains templates for stage plays, graphic novels, scripts, TV shows and text documents (query letters, treatments, outlines, etc.)
You can copy and paste, I do it in small increments, like the action then the dialog. If you do it all at once, it is a bit more complicated to get it all back to the correct format. I love writing with Final Draft 9. It makes writing a screenplay so much easier and much quicker.
Yes, but Final Draft 9 is an excellent program. I doubt that you'll be needing any help. The index section on help explains how to take your old scripts and update them. Good choice because I was in LA pitching to producers and they'll take a PDF from Final Draft. The studios only accept emails from Final Draft 9.
Yes. After installation, the software requires authentication (activation) of the license with the publisher. The license you purchase specifies the number of authenticated (activated) copies. I believe each license can have two authenticated (activated) installations. For example, I have two licenses, purchased on line from Amazon, with two authentications (activations) each, for a total of four copies in use.
I bought Final Draft 9 as a download through Amazon. I feel 99% certain that it was available in multiple languages, and you choose which language at the time of download. I also think it offers spell checker in those languages also.
yes
Sorry, there isn't a tutorial program that I can find. However, the User's manual is under the "Help" tab and you can also find some free video tutorials on YouTube and there are a couple of books you can purchase. From my experience, the program is pretty intuitive and a little bit of fiddling around with it and watching the YouTube videos should get you enough of a foundation that you won't need a tutorial and should only need the user's manual for specific tasks. Hope this helps. Good Luck!
All of the above. 10 export file options.
No
This software allows to take a Snapshot to the File of the frame, and save it as an image file (.jpg or .png). Although there is no Frame Grabber per say. Here is the instruction for this: Right-click the display and choose Save Snapshot to File to save the current frame as an image file. The Save Snapshot to File dialog is displayed to allow you to choose the format and location where you want to save the file. The file is automatically added to the Project Media window. Hopefully it helps. Best wishes, MP
Yes. There is a croma keyer and other green screen effects you can do. Vary simple to use. I would look it up on the YouTube's to see it in action, but yeah, its pretty straight forward to use. :) PS I use it all the time in my videos
From Sony's site: Import - AAC, AA3, AIFF, AVI, BMP, CDA, FLAC, GIF, JPEG, MP3, MPEG-1, MPEG-2, MPEG-4, MVC, OGG, OMA, PCA, PNG, QuickTime, SND, SFA, W64, WAV, WDP, WMA, WMV, XAVC S Export - AAC, AC3, AA3, AIFF, AVC, AVI, BMP, FLAC, JPEG, LPEC, MP3, MPEG-2, MPEG-4, MVC, OGG, PCA, PNG, TIFF, QuickTime, W64, WAV, WDP, WMA, WMV, XAVC S. Note that this is not meant to be a format converter - there will be some loss importing in one format and exporting in another. For just converting from one format to another there are a lot of good freeware programs out there. And for some strange reason Sony Movie Studio 13 still refuses to support FLV format. ???
Most licenses do allow you to load on the desktop and laptop at the same time. Since you can't use both at the same time you're still using the single license. As for installing it appears to work fine.
Not that I have found. I still have an old copy of the Pinnacle software that came with an analog to digital converter that I use for this; I am quite sure this Sony Suite 13 does not have that function. If I get proven wrong, please let me know.
Re frame grabber: I haven't seen a paper manual or even a downloadable pdf manual. I bought the download version, rather than the boxed version. However, it has pretty good helpfiles, and there are a number of very useful videos on YouTube. Mostly I'm working with building a narration with a music background, for which I use the Acid Music Studio that comes with the package. When I'm done, I will load the narrative-music audio file into Sony video studio and complete the movie. As for a frame grabber, there is a frame grabber that copies a frame from the preview window and allows you to save it. I've never used it, but I'm sure it will work. If I want to grab a frame from the internet, I use the shift Shift Print Screen function in Windows, then paste the frame into Photoshop or other digital editor and crop out all the garbage. That works great. Hope this helps. C.B. Hampton
Yes, I never used it because I just make YouTube video, but is the option is there :) I thank you can do blue ray to but I'll have to get back to you on that.
Your question uses the word "feather", which I am assuming is a typo and you meant to use the word "feature". I am not aware of it, however, it probably does, as it has everything else. The problem with Sony Movie studio is that it has all these features but no way to know they exist, let alone use them. Why doesn't Sony Movie Studio access mkv (Matroska) containers? The data within is the same as with mp4 container (H264 codex), but Sony Movie Studio won't access it. Is it because Matoska is open source? As a linear editor, it should. My biggest objection to Sony Movie Studio is their "Help" file. The help file is something like 4 versions behind, and they must have hired the guy from Microsoft to write it because it is just chocked full of accurate tidbits of accurate information that are completely useless. I would suggest that Sony hire someone from the teaching biz to write the help file, instead of some software weenie. You can ask a dozen questions like the one you just proffered, but unless I spend hours upon hours hunting and pecking my way thru the myriad of buttons, knobs, dials, sliders, etc. to find out how it actually works (because the Help file doesn't explain anything) my answer will most likely be: who the *&%^ knows? Imagine it this way: you get into an automobile for the first time and you ask me, "How do I drive to Poughkeepsie?" and I reply, "Just turn the key and stay in your lane." How far do you think you're going to get?
I don't know what kind of background you have regarding video editing software; if you're a beginner, Sony Movie Studio has a simplified mode (Which is already way more advanced and significantly more complicated than Windows Movie Maker and iMovie on the iPhone) ~ this should be sufficient for many editing needs such as putting in title cards, inserting transitions, managing different video clips/audio tracks/still images, etc. I found that Sony Movie Studio is more versatile than Pinnacle Studio 17 Plus since it comprises of multiple independent software packages that are more comprehensive in breadth and depth. Pinnacle Studio is entirely usable and the main application is easier to install/get started with but I personally prefer Movie Studio since I was disappointed with the sound-editing functions in Pinnacle. For really simple videos eg. stringing some still photos, title cards, and video snippets together, I found Pinnacle to be a little bit more intuitive. Source: I own Pinnacle Studio 17 and Sony Movie Studio 13
Yes, you can there is the option for either youtube of facebook. I am sorry my previous answer said you could not and I was wrong yesterday. I just was editing a video and realized this. I usually tag all ov my videos before I upload them for extra seo purposes.
Oh yes. All versions of Sony Movie Studio since 9 have a pretty decent chroma key effect. I've been using it a lot. You can use any color, doesn't have to be green. Just make sure you have good, consistent lighting.
Unfortunoutly no, its not
Yes, It has Chroma Key layer, which you can use for green screens.
It would be a bit overkill. If it is just transfers to pc then to burn to DVD, Windows can already do that for free. If you wanted to take all that and create a video from it all or presentation then yes.
Yes! We used an inexpensive headset with a microphone that plugged into the computer (USB connection)..My son did voice overs and was able to add background music.
Of course. However I cannot find AAC with VBR. If there are settings for that somewhere, there are hidden. There is AAC with CBR of course, all bitrates up to 512 kbps, at standard 48000hz.
This is a little over my head but tried to find this out for you. There are long lists of possible render modes I do see on the list `Main Concept AVC/AAC' I also see `Fraunhofer AAC' I tried to include a screen shot of the Templates list for each when they are highlighted - but I guess this medium of interaction does not allow these. I dont' think the `Fraunhofer AAC' thing is anything you are looking for but there is a long list of items under the templates side when `Main Concept AVC/AAC' is highlighted - I don't have the time to copy by hand the whole list - if you could send me an e-mail directly I could screen shot you the list. But it seems like the list likely contains the parameters/features you were looking for. you may write me directly if this amazon sites allows it. david.blake@unitypoint.org Dave
You should get the box, but if I were u I'd get the down load version, never lose your cd or cd key that way
They only program for certain types of cards. I bought a new Nvida card and it would not work. But we had an older Nvida card and it worked. Also, there are two video card options. One of them is CUDA and I cannot remember the other. Make sure you try them both. Check their forums for more information. My older Nvida card made rendering much faster.
I don't know for sure buddy, sorry. But this is a really simple program to do basic stuffs, I was used to use Vegas Pro and became a little bit disappointed with this one.
Yes. The program allows you to select the state you live in so the laws are applicable, and you can save data for each individual person and create wills for as many people as you desire
Yes, and more. Medical wishes, medical legal forms, funeral arrangements, etc.. It even comes with an inventory set of forms which are printable (as are all forms) to aid you in what personal items to leave to others.
Unfortunately, this product only runs on Windows. If you have VMWare or Parallels, you can run a Windows virtual machine on your Mac and install this in the virtual machine.
more than one
You print the document from the program, no need for Word. Use a parchment paper and it really looks good.
The program asks you which state you live in to determine laws, statutes, individual regulations that are state specific.
Promissory Note (Balloon Payment) Promissory Note (Installment Payments) Promissory Note (One Lump-Sum Payment) Promissory Note (Payments of Interest Only)
No
No, not specifically in the Family Plus version. Looks like the AB option is complicated and that you'll need to purchase the Living Trust maker to create any Trust. I happened to be working in this program as your question came in, and copied this info for you: "Keep in mind that AB trusts limit the surviving spouse's ability to use trust property, can be expensive to create, and in some situations can cause stress among family members. So, if you think that an AB trust might be useful for you, do some more research on your own or discuss your options with an experienced estate planning attorney. To learn more about AB trusts, visit the Wills, Trusts & Probate section at nolo.com or read Make Your Own Living Trust, by Denis Clifford (Nolo)."
Great Question! As most Quicken products, Will Maker offers an interview format for easy creation of legal documents w/o having to change any legalities. That being said, you can, however, change the margins, font and document spacing within the program itself. And, you can export the completed document as a text file into Word or other word processing program and make any changes you deem fit. So yes, one can change the forms but only using an outside text program.
Quicken WillMaker creates the final document as an Adobe .pdf file. However, once that file is made, you can open your final document in WillMaker, and then export the file as a .rtf file in MS Word, or Open Office Word. Once in the MS Word format, the contents may be edited as necessary and saved as a MS Word .doc or .docx file.
Yea
Yes, my wife and I made separate wills with this program.
The will documents allow you to save in different names, the online trust can only be used once.
These are "see a lawyer" questions and beyond the simple scope of this program.
I loaded this program on window 7 pro 64. It is placed under "program files (x86)" and runs great.
Yes in several fashion. Via power of attorney financial, wills and living trusts
No. Just the will, general power of atty and health care proxy.
Nolo, the company that sells WillMaker, says on their website that it is not Mac compatible and they suggest you use the on-line version if you have a Mac.
EDIT
No it should do what is necessary as in actuality its on upgrade. Only if you are using a completely different product, say AVG and now using Norton, then you would have to uninstall the AVG.
Yes you can,trust amazon they will do you right !
Yes, it includes LiveUpdate. It always have your application updated to the last release.
You certainly can. I am currently using the 3 license version, and have not had a problem. I have used Norton products for over 20 years rather than some other well known brands. Besides, some of the other brands will bug the C%$# out of you.
to me it seems better and easier for me to have the disk rather than try to download, when I try to download one I usually have trouble. if I have the disk I can always go back to it.
Scans are automatically set to run when you are not on the computer at night. You can manually set them for whenever you want and click a scan button for any time. It does extremely slow it down and that is why you would want it to run when you are asleep.
Yes. It does protect against malware, but no security software is 100% full-proof as there are many viruses being released every day. The most important thing is to make sure your Norton, Windows and other programs are up-to-date. I know it is annoying to update them, but it will be even more frustrating if you don't update them, get a virus that disables your computer(has happened to me before) or hacks into your computer and steals your information. So stay on top of it. Don't download links from emails if you are not sure. I have been using Norton for about 12 years without any problem.
i think you should be able to call them & have your norton transferred to the new one.
NOT 100% sure if YOU should however, in 2013 I eventually ended up doing that in order for the renewal download to install. In 2014 I ordered the DVD instead of a download. I did not delete the 2013 downloaded version when I installed from the DVD - and now wonder if I should have as there are some problems. Minor & irritating for most part - possibly correctable if I had the patience. Sorry that I am unable to give your a more simple direct answer.
The NIS may not be the reason your computer is running slow. 360 has extra features like cloud backup for added data safety and PC tune up which may or may not solve your problem. I am sure you can purchase the 360 and add the time from the NIS to your account but possibly not. All you can do is ask a Symantec technician.
No it should do what is necessary as in actuality its on upgrade. Only if you are using a completely different product, say AVG and now using Norton, then you would have to uninstall the AVG.
Yes you can,trust amazon they will do you right !
Yes, it includes LiveUpdate. It always have your application updated to the last release.
You certainly can. I am currently using the 3 license version, and have not had a problem. I have used Norton products for over 20 years rather than some other well known brands. Besides, some of the other brands will bug the C%$# out of you.
to me it seems better and easier for me to have the disk rather than try to download, when I try to download one I usually have trouble. if I have the disk I can always go back to it.
Scans are automatically set to run when you are not on the computer at night. You can manually set them for whenever you want and click a scan button for any time. It does extremely slow it down and that is why you would want it to run when you are asleep.
Yes. It does protect against malware, but no security software is 100% full-proof as there are many viruses being released every day. The most important thing is to make sure your Norton, Windows and other programs are up-to-date. I know it is annoying to update them, but it will be even more frustrating if you don't update them, get a virus that disables your computer(has happened to me before) or hacks into your computer and steals your information. So stay on top of it. Don't download links from emails if you are not sure. I have been using Norton for about 12 years without any problem.
i think you should be able to call them & have your norton transferred to the new one.
NOT 100% sure if YOU should however, in 2013 I eventually ended up doing that in order for the renewal download to install. In 2014 I ordered the DVD instead of a download. I did not delete the 2013 downloaded version when I installed from the DVD - and now wonder if I should have as there are some problems. Minor & irritating for most part - possibly correctable if I had the patience. Sorry that I am unable to give your a more simple direct answer.
The NIS may not be the reason your computer is running slow. 360 has extra features like cloud backup for added data safety and PC tune up which may or may not solve your problem. I am sure you can purchase the 360 and add the time from the NIS to your account but possibly not. All you can do is ask a Symantec technician.
Yes
It's software that you own and can download onto all of your computers. All you have to do is access your account on amazon and download as many times as you want as long as it is onto your computers for your own personal use.
Oh, no. There are no piggybacks. I would like to take this opportunity to assure you that there are check boxes that you need to be careful for when installing or updating. I can't tell you the times that I had to retry an update because there were three things being installed instead of just the one. I had two boxes to uncheck. I wish I could know what file extensions you were converting. I only used this to convert from one type and could find no use after that.
I can't say. My problem was the program did not work, with my computer OS (Windows 7). I was attempting to convert mp4(s) files to mp3 files. The downloaded program could not "see" the files in the folder. The download provider did try to correct the problem but after two attempts with no change in the program's ability to acquire the files, I felt I had been patient enough. They company representing the download called and asked for permission to control my computer, so that they might be able to fix the problem. I did not feel comfortable allowing someone that I did not know that kind of access to my computer.
I think so. I happen to have a Canon Rebel XTI as well as a Canon HD video camera. (AVCHD) I am going to be using it for just that purpose, If Amazon can keep this string live I will answer in the next few days. I am very impressed thus far with Stellar's product. Worth having in any event.
I have not used it recently but it can due allot at a time it did put them in a different order but this could have been my computer ignorance
No, I could not convert any CD to flac file.
Yea convert the audio into mp3 file
You could use an online service such as http://www.clipconverter.cc/ to link, download and convert the you tube video in one simple step. Just copy and paste the link or the URL and the program automatically downloads and converts the file into mp3 for you. There might be some problems for a few videos. For example, some convertors don't allow the download and conversion of large files such as full albums or long songs. You would need to check the specifics of the program to make sure ttha you can download and convert large files. Also you must find a program that converts you tube videos (.flv) to mp3.
Left handed response: any file on your computer can be converted. I make MP3 from YouTube by recording from one computer to Audacity on another computer. No quality is lost. I suppose the Sound Recorder can do this. With Stellar I have only converted one format. That was the only reason I got it. Now I have no use for Stellar. Bruce Winning
Yes you can. But is built for just one user. So u can use it on multiple systems with just 1 user account. Let me know if you want some. Running out of stock soon.
Hey Karen, assuming that you have Vista or higher (Windows 7, 8) you can by pass Video Studio all together and burn the DVD right from Widows DVD Maker, which is already on your computer. From Movie Maker, save your project as a "wmv" file, NOT as a "project" file. This is b/c a "project" file will save it in a format that cannot be burned to a DVD. Having said that, yes, you can also import it Video Studio. First you will need to save the movie file on Movie Maker as a ".wmv" file (not as a project), then drag/insert into the Video Studio program timeline. From there, go to tools and save the video file first, then create dvd. Hopefully this helps but if not, you can find a great deal of info and tutorials for Video Studio on the web.
Same program, but ultimate x7 bundles quite a bit of bonus software with it...well worth the extra few bucks. BUT!!!! I would download a demo version to see if it works on your computer. Apparently X7 isn't always compatible, no matter how strong your system is. ,,, Not working on mine, but I'm hoping they will repair the problem which they told me a month ago their engineers knew about and are working on. I've enjoyed their prior versions, so obviously I was looking forward to 64 bit... ...still waiting.....and starting to guess I should have just returned it. (now that I see they're selling it for less than a third of what I paid several weeks ago. /... dunno
NO, it records, but does not function as a player. You will be able to preview what you compose before recording
If you can get the Corel.com web site in your country, you can go to the "Corel VideoStudio Pro X7" page. Click the "Chinese" language button at the top. Then click the "purchase questions CHAT button". Ask your question directly to COREL about downloading the software and registration in your location. Good luck.
I have it running on an HP desktop which has a 1920x1080 resolution with Windows 7 and a Sony Vaio laptop that also has Windows 7 and 1366x768 resolution. Generally VideoStudio has been a good product.
I don't know, but given that I cannot produce anything useful due to crashes, I don't really think that it matters.
Yes, you can really this is the best edit program I have ever had easy to use, I would say this program is at least worth $250 :)
My understanding is "yes"...but if you use the program on both systems simultaneously, you may get a raised eyebrow from corel. but I have had trouble running it on my desktop for some reason.....desktop is more than adequately powerful...but corel engineers shrugged and said "yes...we've seen this problem and our engineers are working on it"......3 months ago....still no answer to several emails asking for assistance. ... maybe d/l the free trial 1st on both an see if they'll run it.
Same thing happened to me. Per Corel problem with program. Returned for refund.
Yes you can. But is built for just one user. So u can use it on multiple systems with just 1 user account. Let me know if you want some. Running out of stock soon.
Hey Karen, assuming that you have Vista or higher (Windows 7, 8) you can by pass Video Studio all together and burn the DVD right from Widows DVD Maker, which is already on your computer. From Movie Maker, save your project as a "wmv" file, NOT as a "project" file. This is b/c a "project" file will save it in a format that cannot be burned to a DVD. Having said that, yes, you can also import it Video Studio. First you will need to save the movie file on Movie Maker as a ".wmv" file (not as a project), then drag/insert into the Video Studio program timeline. From there, go to tools and save the video file first, then create dvd. Hopefully this helps but if not, you can find a great deal of info and tutorials for Video Studio on the web.
Same program, but ultimate x7 bundles quite a bit of bonus software with it...well worth the extra few bucks. BUT!!!! I would download a demo version to see if it works on your computer. Apparently X7 isn't always compatible, no matter how strong your system is. ,,, Not working on mine, but I'm hoping they will repair the problem which they told me a month ago their engineers knew about and are working on. I've enjoyed their prior versions, so obviously I was looking forward to 64 bit... ...still waiting.....and starting to guess I should have just returned it. (now that I see they're selling it for less than a third of what I paid several weeks ago. /... dunno
NO, it records, but does not function as a player. You will be able to preview what you compose before recording
If you can get the Corel.com web site in your country, you can go to the "Corel VideoStudio Pro X7" page. Click the "Chinese" language button at the top. Then click the "purchase questions CHAT button". Ask your question directly to COREL about downloading the software and registration in your location. Good luck.
I have it running on an HP desktop which has a 1920x1080 resolution with Windows 7 and a Sony Vaio laptop that also has Windows 7 and 1366x768 resolution. Generally VideoStudio has been a good product.
I don't know, but given that I cannot produce anything useful due to crashes, I don't really think that it matters.
Yes, you can really this is the best edit program I have ever had easy to use, I would say this program is at least worth $250 :)
My understanding is "yes"...but if you use the program on both systems simultaneously, you may get a raised eyebrow from corel. but I have had trouble running it on my desktop for some reason.....desktop is more than adequately powerful...but corel engineers shrugged and said "yes...we've seen this problem and our engineers are working on it"......3 months ago....still no answer to several emails asking for assistance. ... maybe d/l the free trial 1st on both an see if they'll run it.
Same thing happened to me. Per Corel problem with program. Returned for refund.
...it will let you load on 2 machines; but I certainly recommend if you have two users, you should buy two copies.
I am an advanced amateur photographer and use several video editing software packages to create MPEG-4 High Def DVD video slide shows. I own and use Roxio Creator NXT Pro, Corel Video Studio 7 Ultimate and Cyberlink PowerDirector 12 Ultimate. As a beginner I suggest you start by trying a Roxio Creator product. Roxio has a Graphical User Interface (GUI) that is intuitive and contains features suitable for beginner and advanced amateur use. Roxio also provides editing capabilities for audio editing, CD & DVD burning, and others. Corel and Cyberlink video editing products require a bit more of a learning curve to master, but do contain many useful advanced features not found in Roxio Creator.
You can cut video clips to put where you want them. But you cannot pull a person or object out of the clip. For that you need photo editing software like Corel paintshop. To do what your question implies as writes , you would have to take a "snapshot" in the video , then import that snapshot into a photo editor , Then lift the object or person out of the photo & place it where you want it.
Yes
Yes, VideoStudio can support MOV files.
Yes
This DOES have the software for video capture, provided you have the necessary hardware/video card. If you're not sure, ask at a computer store (e.g. Best Buy). If this is too complicated (it was for me), invest in a set-top DVD burner. You can then finalize that DVD, then insert it into your computer's DVD-ROM drive to read the video file (your movie). You can then use VideoStudio to edit your final touches and burn a permanent DVD from there (and make copies for the family as well).
This is Full version. Amazon is one of Corel's distributors, usually they would provide special price for customers in a certain of time. The discount policy might be different between two selling channels. However, you might have special gift when purchasing in Corel website sometimes.
VideoStudio Ultimate X7 [Download] You can reinstall it as many times as you want and if you have to reinstall it on another pc you're able to just log into your amazon and goto purchased software and reinstall.
I have done that on previous versions of Videostudio, such as making my son's clothes walk up his hamper and dress him, so I would assume that Videostudio x7 is capable of doing the same thing. I just haven't had the need to do that in this version yet.
...it will let you load on 2 machines; but I certainly recommend if you have two users, you should buy two copies.
I am an advanced amateur photographer and use several video editing software packages to create MPEG-4 High Def DVD video slide shows. I own and use Roxio Creator NXT Pro, Corel Video Studio 7 Ultimate and Cyberlink PowerDirector 12 Ultimate. As a beginner I suggest you start by trying a Roxio Creator product. Roxio has a Graphical User Interface (GUI) that is intuitive and contains features suitable for beginner and advanced amateur use. Roxio also provides editing capabilities for audio editing, CD & DVD burning, and others. Corel and Cyberlink video editing products require a bit more of a learning curve to master, but do contain many useful advanced features not found in Roxio Creator.
You can cut video clips to put where you want them. But you cannot pull a person or object out of the clip. For that you need photo editing software like Corel paintshop. To do what your question implies as writes , you would have to take a "snapshot" in the video , then import that snapshot into a photo editor , Then lift the object or person out of the photo & place it where you want it.
Yes
Yes, VideoStudio can support MOV files.
Yes
This DOES have the software for video capture, provided you have the necessary hardware/video card. If you're not sure, ask at a computer store (e.g. Best Buy). If this is too complicated (it was for me), invest in a set-top DVD burner. You can then finalize that DVD, then insert it into your computer's DVD-ROM drive to read the video file (your movie). You can then use VideoStudio to edit your final touches and burn a permanent DVD from there (and make copies for the family as well).
This is Full version. Amazon is one of Corel's distributors, usually they would provide special price for customers in a certain of time. The discount policy might be different between two selling channels. However, you might have special gift when purchasing in Corel website sometimes.
VideoStudio Ultimate X7 [Download] You can reinstall it as many times as you want and if you have to reinstall it on another pc you're able to just log into your amazon and goto purchased software and reinstall.
I have done that on previous versions of Videostudio, such as making my son's clothes walk up his hamper and dress him, so I would assume that Videostudio x7 is capable of doing the same thing. I just haven't had the need to do that in this version yet.
...it will let you load on 2 machines; but I certainly recommend if you have two users, you should buy two copies.
I am an advanced amateur photographer and use several video editing software packages to create MPEG-4 High Def DVD video slide shows. I own and use Roxio Creator NXT Pro, Corel Video Studio 7 Ultimate and Cyberlink PowerDirector 12 Ultimate. As a beginner I suggest you start by trying a Roxio Creator product. Roxio has a Graphical User Interface (GUI) that is intuitive and contains features suitable for beginner and advanced amateur use. Roxio also provides editing capabilities for audio editing, CD & DVD burning, and others. Corel and Cyberlink video editing products require a bit more of a learning curve to master, but do contain many useful advanced features not found in Roxio Creator.
You can cut video clips to put where you want them. But you cannot pull a person or object out of the clip. For that you need photo editing software like Corel paintshop. To do what your question implies as writes , you would have to take a "snapshot" in the video , then import that snapshot into a photo editor , Then lift the object or person out of the photo & place it where you want it.
Yes
Yes, VideoStudio can support MOV files.
Yes
This DOES have the software for video capture, provided you have the necessary hardware/video card. If you're not sure, ask at a computer store (e.g. Best Buy). If this is too complicated (it was for me), invest in a set-top DVD burner. You can then finalize that DVD, then insert it into your computer's DVD-ROM drive to read the video file (your movie). You can then use VideoStudio to edit your final touches and burn a permanent DVD from there (and make copies for the family as well).
This is Full version. Amazon is one of Corel's distributors, usually they would provide special price for customers in a certain of time. The discount policy might be different between two selling channels. However, you might have special gift when purchasing in Corel website sometimes.
VideoStudio Ultimate X7 [Download] You can reinstall it as many times as you want and if you have to reinstall it on another pc you're able to just log into your amazon and goto purchased software and reinstall.
I have done that on previous versions of Videostudio, such as making my son's clothes walk up his hamper and dress him, so I would assume that Videostudio x7 is capable of doing the same thing. I just haven't had the need to do that in this version yet.
I don't know about iPhone (I have android). On android you always shoot video in landscape. You want too be sure your video codes is correct.also bit rate and fps is the same as the file you are conveting. All done in settings to the right of video type.
This product does not support 3D video. Movavi sells a 3D product, but this is not it.
I don't know as I do not have a blue ray player or copier,sorry
If you own the internet video. You will need to download the video and then convert it to whatever format you want then burn it into a DVD format.
I am not 100% certain. It failed to convert two DVDs that were created by local studios. I have not tried to convert DVDs by national studios (such as Universal or MGM). The home movies converted very easily.
Yes. When you insert a DVD it should pick it up.
The version I have gives you the option of selecting check boxes for closed caption and subtitles. But..only if the DVD has it built in already. Its a good program but it still is a little buggy. If you convert your personal DVD to iPad format the audio and movie sometimes are out in Sync. Sometimes by allot. Its hit or miss. Careful when upgrading versions...they will make you purchase the program again. They will try to trick you so be cautious.
Not if it is a store bought movie. I purchased this just for that and was very disappointed, and wasted my money.
Nuance lists 4 GB as the minimum recommended for Dragon Dictate v.4. That's no guarantee, however. I've not been able to get Dragon Dictate v.4 to work satisfactorily with 10.9.4 Mavericks on a late model MacBook Pro Retina with 16GB of RAM. One thing that I did insist on when upgrading through Nuance on was to get in writing from them that I had a 30-day unconditional return privilege. Normally vendors won't give refunds on software. If you can get a trial copy then at least you'll know what you'll get in terms of performance and accuracy with 2GB without having to buy a product.My experience has been that this app is erratic and buggy and, unbelievably they've not updated it to take care of the major problems. A few users claim to get satisfactory results with the Mac version. Not in my case. An option would be to contact OtherWorldComputing (MacSales) to ask what the cost would be to upgrade to 4 or 8 GB and how much of a performance boost could be expected. They provide easy to follow DIY videos and instructions for specific MacBook Pro models on how to insert the memory. Depending on the model, only a screwdriver and/or some knowledge about preventing static electricity from damaging sensitive components. The videos can be viewed at their site to give you an idea whether it's something you'd want to tackle.
There really are no alternatives... There is a don't program into the operating system but it's not very user-friendly
I'm not sure
I haven't bought the wireless version but I'm certain its the same software, the only difference is the bluetooth headset. I don't know how much value the headset adds because I've always used my own microphones.
Yes, I use Mac Yosmite and Dragon Dictate works fine at times. At other times its temperamental. It crashes and re-launches a few seconds later. Thankfully you don't lose much work. overall, its manageable but takes a few seconds extra. I have not been able to work this out though!
Yes
I haven't used that one. It does type in any window I've used it in. But getting complicated with it is a lot easier in a text window than something like Pages with a lot of commands.
Yes! You can use this program for any application in which you type. I use it primarily in MS office but also in email, chat windows, etc.
Sorry I use with Microsoft office on my desktop and laptop and it works great I also use the free version with pages on my iPad and iPhone and it works great I would call Nuance direct I fpubd then very helpful good luck
CorelDRAW Graphics Suite X7 only runs under Windows 7 or 8. So to run it on a Mac you will need to run Windows on your Mac.
Perfect! If you have not used Corel Draw before, there is a "learning curve". If you have used Adobe Illustrator, using Corel Draw should present no problem.
Yes. CDGS can save files in .ai , .eps, . pdf and .psd formats. However, with all such conversions there is always a chance that some aspects of your file may not be included if identical features do not exist between applications (e.g. Photo-paint does not have layer styles so no layer styles are included in an exported psd file and vice versa when importing and exporting psd files).
Corel still offers a perpetual license, they haven't gone to a subscription basis.
I have a PC with Windows 7 Premium and can only speak for a PC. But the software installed without a hitch. It will install on Windows 8. However it is a big program and you need 2GB RAM and 1GB space on your hard drive.
Yes..
Yes, it is.
Yes. No geographical borders.
Yes
Not quite sure what you mean by this. However, if you are asking if it is genuine YOURS solely when you purchase AND it has a unique licence number in the box, then the answer is yes to all. It is utterly excellent and comes with my very highest recommendation. I've been using previous versions of the software for years, but this is definitly a major step forward. Not cheap, but worth every penny.
Yes it does, but you can block pop ups in your internet settings.
yes it does and works very well as an internet security, if you have tried Norton then this is as good as Norton.
Not sure, but then I did not use Games and Software Downloader to download 360. If you are having problems just go directly to their site, 360safe dot com
Yes
None that I have experienced.
No, no Ads - it just gathers certain... "statistics" about certain data on your PC and sends it to certain company in China. That way the developer can afford paying Softwin for their "Bitdefender" antivirus engine (which is embedded into this product) and for other expenses ;-)
I have not had any issues opening and editing Powerpoint 2013 with Presentations X7
One per computer
Yes. The Open PDF function brings up an initial dialog that allows you to choose between converting only the text from the file or also converting the text in images contained in the file.The fidelity of the conversion depends upon image quality and fonts to some extent, but this is true of any scanned image. I have converted downloaded PDF mathematical papers producing legible text with relatively few errors that can often be picked up with the spell checker. In some cases, more difficult formatting may have to be repaired. My only irritation is that the formatting process uses a lot of styles. All and all, the PDF import is a good tool for repurposing text from the original PDF. PDF documents from WP are normally high quality. You have options for the quality ranging from Commerical Printing, PDF/A level A or level B compliance, and Publishing online. These produce different file sizes. Incidentally, WP uses the OEM Omnipage OCR engine to drive its conversion.
Whether or not an upgrade is worthwhile depends greatly upon your document requirements. X7 is the first version of WP to allow more than 9 documents to be open at once. I have opened as many as 18 documents without problem. The ebook publisher now does Epub format in addition to mobi. X7 also enhances the ability to publish a WP document to HTML keeping its formatting. X7 also intoruduces new shipping macros that enhance some aspects of the functionality. I personnally like the favourites macro that allows you to easily access frequently used documents from a toolbar menu. All of these features have been stable for me and work quite well. On the whole I like X7 better, but whether or not you need any of the new features enough to upgrade is up to you..
It is supposed to be able to do so, but I just tried and it did not work. However, I am a beta tester for Acrobat and the Acrobat file was created using a beta version of Acrobat, so I suspect it does work on files created by released versions of pdf programs.
I believe it is. I installed X7 over WP-12 (not 11) with no issues whatsoever. X7 picked up all the old documents.
Sorry, I can't answer that. I have used WP for over 25 years, but only as a fairly lightweight user. I have never used the professional version. I just know that WP is the only word processor I have ever felt comfortable with. As I can convert my documents into MSWord, I don't ever need to learn MSWord. There is one caveat - MSWord can't do right justification, and it can't do parallel columns, something WP does with just a couple of keystrokes. Therefore, some of the things that I want to convert into MSWord won't convert, but it isn't Corel's problem, it is Microsoft's. Of course, the only reason to convert anything to MSWord is to communicate with people who don't know that MSWord will read WP documents and insist on an editable document. For the rest of the world, I just publish to PDF.
I am not sure about the price, but I downloaded the 30 day trial version, liked it (upgrading from older version), so I simply provided payment information when requested and was given the information codes to make the files permanent. Only problem is that I do not have a backup disk, and I need to look into that so you might inquire about this before you finalize the purchase. I hope this answer helps. Dave Kerkes, Ph.D., P.E.
YES IT IS A REUSABLE DISC NO DATE
Yes, and I find it is easier to use that Microsoft Word. Select Format, then select Labels, and a long list of Avery labels appears for you to choose from.
Theoretically you may have to buy newer versions though I am still using version 11 and it is still receiving updates so it really boils down to when they decide to stop updating the older versions. In my experience it seems like you will at least get about 4 years out of it, but probably more than that, most newer bluray discs I have seen don't use the newer versions of bluray copy protection anyways. Personally I'm going to upgrade to 14 because after using the trial I found it opens alot faster than 11 and seems to be a smoother experience. Also 11 doesn't work in win 8 media center, I don't blame power dvd though because win 8 wasn't out when I bought it and it worked fine in win 7.
No. iTunes movies will NOT play in PowerDVD 14. Therefore you will need both.
I'm not sure what you mean by "without getting it scanned" but I purchased a physical copy as well. All I have to do to install is pop in the CD, install, and enter my CD key. An internet connection may be required to verify the key but I'm not sure. It's all very easy and I do recommend getting the CD because it makes it that much easier to re-install if you ever change computers or get a new hard drive.
No! and you probably already found this out on the blue ray side... This feature only works on DVD's They have disabled this feature on PowerDVD 13 and 14 for Blue Ray discs.
Download Revo Uninstaller (it's free, do a Google search for it) and follow the steps.
No Impact and NO
The program itself crashes a lot but its never crashed the computer itself.
In Windows 7, you can go to Control Panel - Programs - Default Programs and then change the default settings in one of the options there.
I have it installed in 2 pc's.......but the limit of pc's i do not know.
Your computer should have a better video card so that it can make an output resolution of 4K (3840x2160) and also use a HDMI cable rated for 4K. (I have not checked it)
Most definitely YES. It is a great upgrade. Anyone who is familiar with the "reveal codes" feature understands just how great this program is. Been using WordPerfect for 25 years and subscribe to every upgrade. Well worth it.
WP X7 only honors X6 and X5. The last version to go back to version 11 and up was X5.
Yes, it does work well with Windows &. RE emails, I never send emails as WordPerfect or Word files. There are plenty who can't read MS Word. Here in Australia, unfortunately very few use WordPerfect. If I am sending files as email attachments, I always save them as PDF files which you can do very easily in WordPerfect. I hope this helps. Pat Flanagan
Can't remember instructions but I have installed it on three computers
I upgraded from the standard X5 to the standard X7 with no problems.
No
WordPerfect Office 7 (Home & Student) is a full version including WordPerfect, Quattro Pro, Presentations, WP Lightning (notebook). The Box the program disk comes in says it runs on Windows 8/8.1, Windows 7, and works with XP. Hope this helps.
Box said the license is good for 3 computers.
That is what it is for. You will need a printer.
My box says, "Install on up to 3 PCs."
yes it does..... Corel is well known for its graphics
It is a substitute. Word perfect is a substitute for Word and also includes Quatro Pro which is a substitute for Excel. These are the two programs most people use. I prefer these over Microsoft and they are alot more inexpensive. You can also install Word Perfect on three different computers whereas Microsoft just one.
I don't believe that WP will open a .pdf file. It can create, or open test or other formats, and then publish as .pdf.
The EULA seems to imply 3 computers in the same household/address for the Home and Student edition. Other editions have lower limits if I understand the EULA correctly.
Yes it does have "QuickCorrect" and a lot of other "Quick" features (fill, fonts, bullets, numbers, etc.).
Yes it has a spreadsheet similar to MS Excel it's called Quattro Pro as well as Presentations similar to PowerPoint.
Payroll is an additional $250 for up to 50 employees. If you want to e-file quarterly tax forms, add $67.50. If over 50 employees add $450 plus $67.50 if you would like to e-file tax forms. Once you purchase the program, Best Business Strategies or any other Sage Solution provider can order that for you. If you are using payroll, you must stay in the most current program and renew every year. At this time, the renewal is $299 plus payroll cost as indicated above. Shirley Byard, Sage 50 Master Certified Consultant, Best Business Strategies
I download a .QFX file from my bank. It is then imported into the reconciliation. It does not download items that are not in the system to the accounting software, but is does check off the items that are in the system and it tells you what is missing with a red flag. Answered by Shirley Byard of Best Business Strategies.
Hi Michele, The exact answer depends on your situation. Are you doing payroll, using Sage Mobile services or credit card processing? If you are, you must upgrade. If not, you can keep your program on your computer for a long time without upgrades if you purchase a BASIC or TRADITIONAL license. Anything that says AUTO RENEWING must be updated every year or the program will stop. The cost is about the same as the original cost of the program less the initial purchase discounts.
Yes, it can do all of the above. The biggest difference between this and Premium is that Pro is for one user only and it does not have "job costing". This answer is provided by Shirley Byard, Best Business Strategies.
Hi Linda, You can manage the accounts for multiple companies using Sage 50 Pro Accounting 2015. You can setup 3 companies if you wish to. I hope this helps. Best Regards Software onFire LLC
Unfortunately beginning with version 2013 Sage 50 no longer has a "manual payroll module". Of course you can always enter payroll (or anything else) in the "general journal". But the manual payroll module, once you set it up, would do the calculations automatically. Sage 50 took that feature away and worse. If you don't pay a yearly maintenance fee then you are no longer able to enter new data (90 days after your fee expires it locks you into "read only mode"). It is perfectly understandable, however, since the accounting software business isn't what it used to be (due to free alternatives like "Gnucash" so all of these companies have to change their business models. Sage 50 is excellent excellent software. It's just not as inexpensive as it used to be.
I am a Certified Consultant. There is no limit. The limit is not with companies, but with users. Please note, if you want to own your software, you need to purchase the basic or traditional versions. Anything that says subscription is just that. YOU WILL NEVER OWN THE SOFTWARE. Best Business Strategies only sells Basic on Amazon. If Sage says otherwise, they are just wanting your business and not telling the truth about Best Business Strategies. Please note I cannot speak for other Amazon sellers. At Best Business Strategies, we will never sell you a subscription on Amazon. Shirley Byard, Owner, Best Business Strategies. See our store on Amazon. Questions 304-233-2612.
Yes, it covers all the items in a typical accounting package. If you intend to use the payroll module, please be aware that you have to buy their maintenance package in order to use it, which costs in excess of a $1000.00 yearly.
Based on my past experience with multiple versions of peach tree, I'm going to guess not.
Yes. The SD card with the maps will go in the slot on the nuvi.
Yes I think so but I would check the garmin site to be sure
According to Garmin.com, it should work...
Hi. Mine is a Nuvi 2595 LTM and it works just fine. Hope this helps.
There is a listing of all compatible units on www.garmin.com. Good luck.
No
Yes
If the 1490 has a mini SD slot, it will work.
It is 2015 . Thank you,
