They should have surrendered when they had the chance!
What?
Cornelia...
So this means that the creatures of Area 18 have fallen, right?
Sorry, I'll have you accompany me in finishing it. No need. Your section has been secured.
Area 11 will be difficult to handle.
I will find you, Zero... to avenge Clovis!
I'm home.
Welcome home, Lelouch.
Welcome home, brother.
From the looks of it, you've already ate dinner.
I was worried.
I thought that you might have been caught up in the chaos that person named Zero caused.
I called you, but I couldn't reach you.
Brother?
C.C.-san came all the way here to see you...
C.C.?
Your friend is quite interesting, having only initials for a name.
Yeah... Could it be... that she's your girlfriend?
Our futures are intertwined with one another, right?
By future, do you mean marriage?
No, it's not like that.
So, um... she's kidding...
I see. I'm surprised at how quickly you decided, brother.
But they say, "To each his own", so it may not be that strange, I suppose.
Ah, what are you doing C.C.?
You're all wet.
Here, you need to go to the bathroom.
I'll get you a change of clothes too.
Nanali, I'll clean it up right away, so stay right there.
Also, we were lying before...
Who are you?
I told you.
I'm C.C.
That's not what I mean. You're...
Do you like it?
The power I gave you.
As I thought, you're...
Are you unsatisfied?
No, I'm grateful. You pushed my schedule forward a great deal.
Schedule?
The plan to destroy Britannia.
I thought that it would be a little while longer before I could make my move.
Do you think you can destroy it with just that power?
I was planning to do this even without it.
As expected, you're an interesting person.
What are you going to do from now on?
You're being pursued by the military, aren't you?
Even if you say the military, it's only a small portion of it.
It's enough if I just keep a low profile.
I'll put up with it here.
Hey, you're planning on staying here?
Men sleep on the floor.
That's not the point... If I get caught, you'll have problems too, won't you?
Being together is even more dangerous.
If I sleep out there, I will be caught.
Not at your convenience, but at mi-
You're being very careless about this.
More importantly, how did you survive?
How is your backbone?
And that contract you were talking about...
Fukushima, Kouchi, Hiroshima.
This makes it seven incidences since Zero appeared.
After Zero appeared, other groups apparently became more hard-working.
Because of that "orange" incident, substitute supervisor Jeremiah has lost his leadership.
He doesn't have the ability to do it.
Thanks to that, the cooperation with the police and unions are in shambles.
It's quite an inconvenience for us as well.
Lend us your strength, Toudou!
Thanks to Zero, Britannia is in a state of confusion!
Now is the time that we, the Japan Liberation Front, should make a stand!
Don't rush it! The information that Kyoto is giving the Crimson Brocade to Zero is not definitive.
If you concentrate on Zero too much, they will pull the rug out from under you!
Hey, in the end, what did "orange" mean?
What? You won't answer anyone's questions at all, but you'll ask me questions, huh?
If you don't want to answer me, then you don't have to.
"Orange" was just a casual remark.
But... There are those who will want it to mean something and will start to analyze it.
The entire world is searching for you.
The entire world is moving because of you.
Lelouch, is this what you wanted to see?
No, this disturbance is merely part of the calculation.
The world will plunge into an even greater chaos.
Private Kururugi Suzaku of the district 11 military, case 1075, concerning the suspicion of Prince Clovis' murder.
Why... all of a sudden?
Please get out of the way!
Look out!
Um... are you injured, or something?
I'm sorry! I didn't think there would be anyone below.
Oh... no...
I didn't think that a girl would be falling from above either.
Is... something wrong?
Yes!
Eh? To tell you the truth, I'm being chased by bad people.
So, can you please help me?
We cannot allow that "orange" to affect Princess Cornelia's arrival.
At this rate, the loyalty of us, the Purists, will be questioned.
Is that true?
That Sir Jeremiah is wild...
At any rate, it's a fact that Sir Jeremiah is guilty.
Saying that he does not remember anything... it's the same excuse as Patre!
