I have a 9 year old Badger 1 that needs replacing, will this Badger 1 install just like the original one?
model number
can I replace Badger 1 1/3 with a Badger 5 1/2 - with same connections?
Does this come with power cord and dishwasher hook up?
loud noise inside when turned on. sounds like blades are loose
where is the reset button located
I have a badger 5 it is leaking water at bottom near reset bottom plus does a new one came with a ss ring for inside the sink
If no power cord is included, how do I plug in the disposal unit?
Can someone tell me if this Badger 5 disposer is simple to replace (with my old broken Badger 5)? (i.e. Can I do it myself vs. hiring a plumber )
Is this Badger 5 compatible with the Badger 5 model 5-81? Same size and fittings?
will this one work to replace the badger 1 1/3 HP
so can this unit be connected with a dishwasher or do I need a different model?
How easy to replace existing badger 1 with badger 5?
My present disposal has a 3 bolt connection. Would changing to the twist type connection for a new disposal make installation complicated?
Does the unit come with the rubber collar or do I need to buy that separately?
is there a connection for the dish washer
burner plates for electric glass cooktops? Can burner plates be used for electric glass cooktops?
I have a electic stove that has varying sizes of burners. here its mentioned as 8 inch. What can i do for small burners ? How many plates in package?
can these be used for gas stove burner?
is this for electric stoves?
Hi, I'm interested in this product. Can it be used over induction stove top as an adapter plate for non-induction cookware? How's the transfer of heat
can you bake corn bread on this without it burnding.
Can this be used on gas stove when making polenta which needs low heat.
just bought a new alum Pressure Cooker/found in manual that it shouldn't be used on my ceramic stovetop.Any ideas? do I have to get a hotplate or a ..
Do these work on induction cooktops?
Will this keep pour-over coffee carafe contents warmed atop a gas range flame?
burner plates for electric glass cooktops? Can burner plates be used for electric glass cooktops?
I have a electic stove that has varying sizes of burners. here its mentioned as 8 inch. What can i do for small burners ? How many plates in package?
can these be used for gas stove burner?
is this for electric stoves?
Hi, I'm interested in this product. Can it be used over induction stove top as an adapter plate for non-induction cookware? How's the transfer of heat
can you bake corn bread on this without it burnding.
Can this be used on gas stove when making polenta which needs low heat.
just bought a new alum Pressure Cooker/found in manual that it shouldn't be used on my ceramic stovetop.Any ideas? do I have to get a hotplate or a ..
Do these work on induction cooktops?
Will this keep pour-over coffee carafe contents warmed atop a gas range flame?
How many test kits are there in a box. How mant times can I test the water
how many strips come in the kit, I need at least 12
can more than one water source be tested?
Has anyone used this to test for lead? Do you think it's accurate?
I thought this had been endorsed by epa or state of OH as a home test option, but now I cannot find that on their websites. Does anyone endorse it?
does it have a colour indicator?
Does this kit tell you the amount of nitrates, or just tell you its too high?
Is there an expiration date on any of the tests?
does it test Coliform/ E. Coli ??
does this test forlead
filter for vicks3
I have not purchased the humidifier that uses this filter yet, but on average how long does this filter last a rough estimate?
I need to replace a Holmes wick HWF-65T. Does this filter fit?
will this be replacement for holmes model hm 1745 filter? Dimensions 61/2 x 19 x 1
I would like to buy at least 5 filters. Could I pay 1 shipping price if you bundle it? Thank you.
Is this model for the #1855 Holmes humidifier?
does this filter fit the Holmes HM1845?
what is the size ?
The filters I received did not have the black on the outside. What is the black for?
does it fit HM1700? I see someone left same question but I dont see answer.
Does it work with Kenmore humidifier?
Do I need to tear off the black outside before I put the new filter into the machine?
Does this filter fit the Holmes hm5100?
Anyone have issues with the filter rotting? Or smelling really bad after a few weeks of use?
Brand new only a month old and filter is brown and dired put?
Can this filter remove all mold spores
What are the dimensions of this filter? I am looking for replacement for sunbeam model 1119, filter part sunbeam 1173.
Would this bulb fit the Slant/Fin Model GF 100 and do you send the bulb to Canada?
Is this the same bulb as the EUV-13B?
Will this bulb work for a slant/fin GF-220? Thanks, Michael.
Can you tell what base this bulb has, Med, Min or sub min.
does it fit Vicks V3900 humidifier?
will these range replacement knobs fit a tappan electric stove ?
dear sir how many kilo metres
What are the different colored round "things" for and do they show or do they go underneath the knobs? Thanks
Do you have to hold down the IS button or does it stay on after you press it one time?
do you have replacement knobs for hotpoint stove?
will this replace a (700854-4 part no.) jenn.air knob?
Can the knob be oriented with "off* at 9 o'clock rather than 12 o'clock position?
Will this fit on an older GE stove? The original GE stove knob requires a push in, then turn.
will this fit Thermador (OEM: Bosch) older cooktop?
will knobs fit kenmore#362.75275692
will these range replacement knobs fit a tappan electric stove ?
dear sir how many kilo metres
What are the different colored round "things" for and do they show or do they go underneath the knobs? Thanks
Do you have to hold down the IS button or does it stay on after you press it one time?
do you have replacement knobs for hotpoint stove?
will this replace a (700854-4 part no.) jenn.air knob?
Can the knob be oriented with "off* at 9 o'clock rather than 12 o'clock position?
Will this fit on an older GE stove? The original GE stove knob requires a push in, then turn.
will this fit Thermador (OEM: Bosch) older cooktop?
will knobs fit kenmore#362.75275692
I need a device to let my dryer vent out, I live in small apt, very hot-humid weather, No AC. Would u recommend me this?
I'm looking to upgrade to a box that is smooth on the inside. Need to know if the inside of this one is smooth so it will clean throughly? Thank-you.
How many loads can you wash before it needs emptied?
How many loads can you wash before it needs emptied?
Does it have screens in place where the vents are to prevent lint from blowing out of the vent holes?
can it be used for a gas drier
Will the LTF Lint Dryer Kit work on a gas dryer?
Sink connection question: Has anyone had this problem and figured out a way to solve it?
The water flows through the inlet hose without a problem and is connected tightly. However, the water does not flow into the tub. Why is this?
How many RPM (revolutions per minute) has this washer? Does anyone know?
lint screen stuck/broken: Any suggestions?
What kind of batteries does it take?
does it have a backlight?
Is it possible to calibrate
Anyone know how accurate the humidity measurements are? (Ie: anyone checked this against some standard or some other accurate hygrometer?) Thanks!
It's written that the dimensions are 7x7x4inches. Is it right?
Is it accurate?
Is there a lag time after you take it out of the box before it starts to work? (No instructions included!)
Could this be used outside in a enclosed patio and work accurately throughout the seasons? Thank you for your reply and have a good day!
Does this monitor read humidity levels below 16%?
can it be wall mounted
I sure need to know if this can be used on a rock/stone yard to pick up leaf debris but leaves behind the decorative stone?
Has anyone used this on a brick driveway? I am looking for vacuum that can suck-up small leaves and other debris between the bricks.
does this pick up dust without blowing it out the bag. Our barn is very dusty
I'm assuming this is a electrical plug in rather than gas powered correct?
Will this work on my astro turf sun deck for picking up bugs and leaves?
Will this work on astro turf to pick up small bugs and leaves?
This maybe have been answered: I have a huge leaf problem from the city trees - can this vacuum do the job?
The bag ripped in two places, where can I purchase a new bag?
Is there any hand held attachment, or crevice tool?
Would this pick up pine needles on a lawn?
Does this fit the Liftoff revolution pet? (My original says size 8.)
does this fit the model 89Q?
Is this filter washable? Can you rinse it with water? I saw that it's not dishwashing safe.
Does this filter fit model #8975?
What is the actual size of the filter? I have a Bissel Momentum 3910, which the description says it fits, but then the measurements are off. Thanks!
does this fit the momentum vaccum? Model: 82G7-1?
does this filter work on all style 8?
does this filter work on all style 8 vacuums?
Should this filter be replaced every year? If not, how do you clean it?
does this fit ED11 600 device?
I have a water softener, use the recommended setting of 43% hum. level, and wick lasted one mo. &amp; a day. Do replacement wicks last longer?
hat is dimention of ESK7V1051?W
Does this fit a Bemis 821-000? Thanks.
Does this work for Bemis humidifiers? When I search for a Bemis 1041, this is what comes up.
Does this say "Essick" on the plastic outer body? Does it come in a genuine Essick retail package?
What are to over all dimensions for the 1041 filter
Will this fit the Bemis humidifier...looking for part 1041 for a Bemis and this came up on my search?
It shows quantity "6". Are there six filters for the price shown?
Do I need to soak the new GSWF water filter in water before installing? If so, how long?
Does this fit PFE28RSHSS? I have the GE french door fridge.
how do you remove old filter
Does it fit PF SW2MDCA SS
Will this fit indoor model numer PS8688061?
does this fit GFE27GSDDSS?
Just bought a GSWF cartridge to fit CSCP5UGXCFSS fridge. Prior I used Swift water filter that was fine. The GE one won't fit any suggestions?
Will it work with GFE29HMDAES?
Can this filter be used as an inline filter for refrigerator ice maker (no water dispenser)? I have been using the yellow twist and lock product specifically marketed for the purpose, but was told the green filter was more effective.
This will work with GE MSWF Refrigerator?
What all is included in this product? What else will I need to install this if I already have water in my refrigerator?
I just replaced the twist and lock filter.but it makes a lot of noise when I open the tap ? can anyone help?PL?
I want to use this filer in combination with the filter in my refrig. Is this possible
Can this filter be used under a sink?
I just need the screw in filter replacement..is this that? the price is great...
do you change/replace the whole unit or an insert? does it take 1/4 inch pipe to connect?
will this filter accept a copper water line
How many filters are included in an order or what is the quantity?
how do you replace H65-C Filter?
Please confirm this is an official H65-C. That fits my unit. Another vendor did a replacement that doesn't fit.
Does it fit a homes hm1230 humidifier
Does it fit Holmes Model 1840?
Do you install these filters with the metal reinforced side up?
Capacity: How much clothes fits in a 6LB washer?
Should I disconnect the hose FROM the machine after washing? And remove the adaptor from sink fawcet? Also, should I take off the adaptor from the sink fawcet each time?
Can you set the controls so that it just does a spin? I just want to get the rinse water out of a wool sweater.
Please help my portable haier inlet hose leaks.the end going into the machine. Just bought my machine yesterday. Any suggestions?
can it be settled on a bathtub?
Can this model 1 cubic handle a king size sheet set?
I'm still researching, but has anyone tried adapting this into a 220 volt system for overseas use?
How can I add water manually? I tried to put water directly but it goes away
how do you hook it up to a regular washer faucet with both a cold water inlet and a hot water inlet as it lookslike it only has one hose to conect to
Replacement Quick Sink Adapter: My quick sink adapter was misplaced, does anyone know where I can get a new one?
Does this fit SCM7809 which requires an "E"?
does this filter fit hm7808?
where can I get HWF-23 filters for my HM1200 Holmes humidiier?
Does it fit BCM7910pf model?
The last time I bought Holmes instead of Bionaire, the filter didn't have the blue knob that is pictured. Does this one have it?
Will this fit Bonaire BCM 658, filter BWF100P/HWF100P?
will this work in Bionaire model no. BCM658?
Does this fit the RWF 813?
Does it fit the Sunbeam Model 1117
Does this filter fit the Bonaire BCM740?
I'm looking for an electric can opener for my grandmother who has arthritis. Is this one that would be easy for her to use?
Can you clean the blade easily? I quit using our old one because I could not remove all the food crud. Best way to clean it?
How long is the cord?
I haven't purchase it yet, is the lid sharp after it's opened?
Why does amazon charge so much?
Can this open a 32 oz can if crushed tomatoes or any other really wide can?
Does this opener hang onto the can after it is done opening it hands free?
Is this a smooth touch can opener where the lid doesn't fall into the can?
Does anyone know where I can get this can opener in RED?
Is the knife sharpener electric or manual?
I'm looking for an electric can opener for my grandmother who has arthritis. Is this one that would be easy for her to use?
Can you clean the blade easily? I quit using our old one because I could not remove all the food crud. Best way to clean it?
How long is the cord?
I haven't purchase it yet, is the lid sharp after it's opened?
Why does amazon charge so much?
Can this open a 32 oz can if crushed tomatoes or any other really wide can?
Does this opener hang onto the can after it is done opening it hands free?
Is this a smooth touch can opener where the lid doesn't fall into the can?
Does anyone know where I can get this can opener in RED?
Is the knife sharpener electric or manual?
Non-Ducted range Hood, does this mean there is no need to vent up thru the roof or out thru the wall?
I will be plugging the rangehood into the wall, will I need a power cord kit?
Is this actual stainless steel or painted? Has anyone noticed any problems with rusting? Thanks.
Hi, the specification says it is 30 inch. My old range is actually 29.75 inch. Has anyone actually measured the exact length? 30 inch won't fit.
This is my first range hood. Do I need to purchase anything else with this purchase? Or do anything I need to install range hood come with it?
Does this come with the filter or do I have to buy filter separtely
Is the charcoal filter a separate accessory from the aluminium mesh?
I want to mount it to the wall with no cabinet above it using L brackets. Would this be ok to do?
what type of cover is over the light bulb ?
can anyone please tell me what the depth of the unit is from the back to just where the grills and switches are.
what is the CFM or power?
does it come with a power cord/
I have no above cabinet......can I install on wall???
Does it get rid of kitchen smoke...that's what I need. My kitchen doesn't have an exhaust fan and every time I cook it smokes up the house.
Can this be powered from an outlet plug or do I have to hard-wire it in?
It comes with a carbon filter?
does it plug in to a regular 110 outlet?
Is the hood exactly 30" wide? Our space above the range is just under 30", and I'm afraid we'll have to order the 24" if the dimensions are exact.
How much clearence do I need to leave above the stovetop?
Can you clean spattered egg yolk off of it? Mine is uncleanable and it's white!
How long have you had your hoses and have you experienced any leaks or leaking fittings?
Does this ship with a quantity of two hoses for the current listed price?
Are they color coded ? Red for hot blue for cold ?
What is the inside diameter of these hoses?
Will original drawers work with this in a GE model TBX14SYXKLWH?
Where do I find the part number for the fridge or the missing shelf?
Will it work with model #PS890565 also will the original drawers fit
Would this work on my hotpoint model ctx14cytgrwh?
would this work on my hotpoint model ctx14ayxkrwh serial hr749157 refrigerator do the drawers slide into slots ?
Can you confirm if this Kenmore Refrigerator Icemaker Ice Maker &amp; Water Valve 4318047 part fits on model 253.53679303 Kenmore
does this fit Kenmore model 59672252200
Im looking to replace water supply line and water dispenser for kenmore 106.59592992
does this work on a kenmore elite freezer ice maker model25344733100
Does this fit model 106. 595592992 kenmore
Will this part replace 2182104 ?
does this part work with Kenmore model 596.79872990?
Will this valve work a Kenmore model #795.7840
Will this part work on a Magic Chef RC 20L - 2A. It looks very similar to the one I removed.
I need a water supply valve for a kenmore 106.50252000 will this part work?
my icemaker now makes chuncks of ice then stops but a lot of my freezer is coated with ice. is this from the icemaker or the water valve?
Will this work with a Kenmore Refrigerator #106.50522100 ?
What is the warranty period/policy on this product? I've had it for 5 months and it has suddenly stopped working (not sending signal to solenoid)
What would cause the water line to turn on off on off while filling? I too have been having trouble with the ice maker over filling.
does it have a cycle time adjustment
will this replace my kenmore 10626636
this will fit a S106 626636 model whirlpool ICE MAKER? Replace wires too or standard with the replacememnt kit?
Does this stopper fit down into the drain, or at the top of the drain so that it sticks out into the basin of the sink?
what are the dimensions? This seems to be a bit large
Is this easier to pull out than the plastic stopper?
will it fit any insinkerator disposal?
do these fit a Sunbeam model # 2412?
Do these fit a Sunbeam model # 2412?
Is this a 2-pack of 3 filters, for a total of 6 filters, or just a total of 2 filters
Will this replace S 106 626639 ice maker installed in my Amana refrigarator
will it fit maytag model msd2432grw
Does this icemaker replace my icemaker in Maytag refrigerator model msd2651hew ?
I am missing the arm, does this come with one or do you know what part the arm would be?
I have a MayTag Fridge # MTF2156GE and I need an replacement ice maker. Which one will work for it?
So you have any instructions on how to install this?
Is this part for in MF12665XEM Maytag refrigerator?
Is this a compatable replacement for Maytag Model # MTB2156DEW
I replaced my icemaker, and the valve on the back, but i still fills bucket up with mostly water
70966 not like picture The part number of this product says "70966" which is a removeable sound baffle (much like InSinkErator RSB-OO Removable Sound Baffle, Black). The picture shown is not the 70966 sound baffle. Is it the product a sound baffle or...
Can you please tell me the diameter of this? It says 1" which is obviously wrong!!
does this fit insinkerator evolution essential?
Do you have insinkerator splash guards Model Nol 348241--4 inches in diameter
After you snap it in, can it be removed later for cleaning?
does it fit kitchen aid disposals?
What are the dimensions please, seemed to have problems finding one which fits our drain..
It's not clear if this product includes a blower or not. Does it come with a blower or do I have to purchase that separately?
Hi, Time of Warranty and if have all to necesary for instalation? Thanks you
how high does the hood raise?
Does this down draft automatic go up and down by a button?
This downdraft would be a replacement for me and for a cut out of 28 1/4 inch, would this work for me and what is the amperage on this downdraft?
cut out dimdmentions
Can door hinges be reversed to allow opening of door to left? Thanks
Does this freezer automatically defrost?
is it reliable or does it break down
Powering: 110 or 220 V / 50 or 60 Hz?
how much energy does it use
Is this appliance quiet enough to keep in the house as a spare?
Hard to tell from picture..does it have 2 doors? Almost looks like is only one door that covers both compartments?
The description says ice maker included. Is this correct?
Do you know what is the clearance between this unit and the cabinets (top and sides)? Thanks.
does this refrigerator come in stainless steel
What are the dimensions of this dispenser? I don't see that anywhere. Thanks, Barb
Is this product certified to remove lead, I've seen it multiple areas on your website where it says it is, and isn't?
I have many left over Brita filters from my previous pitcher. Will they fit them on this?
does the 2 stage filter work with the 18 cup dispenser
Is this dispenser BPA free?
Will the lid fit and stay on this if you leave out the filter and top water reservoir so this can be used as a tea dispenser?
Has anyone used this to filter out the sulfur in their water? We have well water with a strong sulfur smell and taste
How do you know when to change the filter?
What is weight of the filled pitcher? is it difficult to lift? Arthritis in thumbs and difficulty holding onto heavy items. Cannot see the handle.
Can I fill this up all the way to the top, or do I have to stop at the blue segment?
When I changed battery in my unit. It reads 15% RH and never changes from that reading. Is there a reset button . I changed batterys twice now to s
Celsius and Fahrenheit? Is possible to see temperatures in Celsius?
When I changed battery in my unit it does not work as it always shows 15%RH
The Halogen bulbs are not very energy efficient...have they made new energy efficient bulbs that would work in place of the halogens?
how many light bulbs does it use
description says halogen bulbs, but they are not included. Is it safe to assume that I can use a CFL, or LED bulb (medium base) in order to save elect
Does a filter come with hood
Ducted installation but lots of of air coming out of the slots on top. IS it normal?
Does this come with a cord-and-plug assembly, or do I have to hard wire it in?
What are the overall dimensions of this range hood?
what is the size of the duct vent
Price is pretty cheap. Is it strong?
How well does the ductless install work to remove cooking odors?
The Halogen bulbs are not very energy efficient...have they made new energy efficient bulbs that would work in place of the halogens?
how many light bulbs does it use
description says halogen bulbs, but they are not included. Is it safe to assume that I can use a CFL, or LED bulb (medium base) in order to save elect
Does a filter come with hood
Ducted installation but lots of of air coming out of the slots on top. IS it normal?
Does this come with a cord-and-plug assembly, or do I have to hard wire it in?
What are the overall dimensions of this range hood?
what is the size of the duct vent
Price is pretty cheap. Is it strong?
How well does the ductless install work to remove cooking odors?
Does the duct kit come with the range.
is this rangehood ductless
what size halogen bulbs dose it take and which filters do I nee d to purchase?
does this unit have the very large fan blade in it ? over 10" in diameter ?
Must you use halogen bulbs?
Does this hood needs non ducted filters
Does this unit comes with filters
how to change switch 97017729
WHAT SIDE FILTER FIT ?
is this come with filer and what side for duced and ductless ?
does this washer have a spin cycle?
Does this hook up through a hose to a water faucet?
u dont got to hook it up to the sink do u for the water to go in and does it drain all the water out of clothes like a reg washer does
Does this machine have a limit of how hot the water can be? (The Basecamp washer instructions say the water used should not exceed 113 F.) Thanks
Has the timer went out? and how do you fix the timer
how many cloths can it contain?
how many gallons of water will this hold?
How fast is the agitation? I want it to be very delicate for my valuable clothes and I'm worried it will be to rough...
how do you calibrate it
Would this model be ideal for a gun safe?
Is the hygrometer metal and glass, or plastic?
What is the diameter? 2.25 or 1.8 or 1-3/4
why is there a rubber ring around the hygrometer?
I'd like to use this hygrometer to keep track of the humidity in my acoustic guitar's case. Do you think it would work well for this purpose?
Is this just for small spaces (like a cigar humidor or guitar case) or can one use this for small rooms (12 x 15, for instance)?
Does the display time out or does it continuously display temp and humidity without pushing any buttons? I want to use in jars but don't want to open
The picture shows a box that reads " CaIiber IV" but the post says it's a "III"; please explain this discrepancy. Thanks
Anyways: what kind of technology is used for the sensor? How many years is it stable for???
I bought this item from you and it is not even close to accurate, How do I calibrate it? Or should I just return it.
can show temperature in Celsius degrees?
What is the humidity range?
1. What are those two unlabeled buttons of the front for? 2. How easy is it to change battery?
do they come in different sizes
Would you recommend these for bathing a cat? (Yes, I understand that bathing a cat may not be advisable, but that decision has been made so I'm looking for something to protect my arms.)
comfortable to wear all day?
Do they come in other colors?
Duhhh... when it says "6 pack" is it referring to "6 sleeves" (3 pair) or 12 sleeves "6 pairs of sleeves?"
does this protect from chemicals
will these sleeves protect against limited/short contact time with a hot exhaust manifold under 200 degrees.
Are they machine washable and reusable?
Does "6 pack" mean 6 pairs or 3 pairs?
What does this kit include? I doubt this kit will include to cups of lemon lime tea.
Will this Ice maker fit a GE Refridgerator model TBX21IA 20.6 cu?
parts included: Does this come with the 6 pin to 4 pin adapter plug?
does this ice maker fit the 11 cubic foot apartment model?
Is this product compatible with a Whirlpool ET21GKXHW00? Thanks
Does this model have a water filter?
Does this fit the Kenmore that uses NLC240V. When I search under that number this one comes up. But I don't see that size in the list.
will it fit a sears refrigerator
My Kitchen Aid side by side is model #KSRV22FVBTOO. It is a type 22 MSSA. Will this Whirlpool 4396508 work for me?
My current filter is 4396508, it does not have a letter P after it. Are they the same filter?
What whirlpool refrigerators is it compatible with?
Can these be recycled some way? Seems such a waste to just throw it in the trash!
why is it cheaper to buy two one packs than one two pack?
DOES IT FIT THE KSRA25CNSS01? IT REQUIEWS THE 4396509.
WhatAboutParts, are you currently shipping genuine OEM Whirlpool-KitchenAid parts as pictured?
My old filter came out but unable to turn this one clockwise? This is the correct filter and no obstruction I can see?
What, exactly, is in this stuff? I can't find that info anywhere online.
What quantity of liquid is used per gallon of water?
Does it have a Fragrance?
Can you use it in just a regular humidifier (cool water)?
Is this a "water softener"?
are any of these treatment products suitable for built in (the heating system) humidifiers?
how long do I need to soak the heating element for before scrubbing with brush
What do I use since I have a culligan water softener that uses salt?
filters for Bionaire BCM5521U what will fit?
does this filter fit model BCM7910PF?
Are these the same as BWF100P?
is this the filter for the BCM658 Bionaire? is it also considered to be a permanent filter?
what filter/wick fits into the Bionaire model BCM7207
Are they the same as HWF100(2)
What are the measurements?
will this fit the Bionaire BCM 7309 humidifier?
Will these filters fit Bionaire model BCM7204?
WILL IT FIT MODEL BCM7309?
Does this filter the same as Protec Filter 3/WF-813, which is recommended on the side of my ReliOn humidifier?
what does after market mean
what size is the filter?
Does this fit graco cool mist humidifiers?
would it be alright to use the humidifier for one night without the filter?
Does this filter work with a Pro Care PCCM-832N cool mist humidifier?
Does this filter work with the Graco 1.5 gallon humidifier?
Does the Broan F403023 has a round hole on the tope which can attach a duct to the wall outlet&#xFF1F;
Will this plug in to a wall outlet or needs to be wired
is it going with the filter or not.
Is the unit exactly 30" wide? The space above the stove measures 29.875" inches (same as the space the stove fits in).
Does the power cord wire come with it?
This unit has lighting ? I seen no info stating such
how is this range hood horizontal
Is there a light
Does this have a brushed nickle look or very shiny look?
WHATS THW WARRANTY ON THE FAN AND MOTOR. HAD MINE FOR 6 MONTHS AND THE FAN AND MOTOR STOPPED WORKING . c\Can this be replaced for free?
Can this be cut....we have an outlet that needs tobe cut out..stainless is harder then sheet metal?
Is it at all magnetic?
Can it be installed over ceramic tile?
I've seen that several people have mentioned the backsplash is smaller than 30 inches wide. Has that problem been addressed recently?
how cando I attache it to the wall , I already have a granit installed?
How can I fit a 30 inch range hood into a 33 inch opening?
Does the black one come with predrilled holes for installation?
proper re-placement of filter and fill up?
what is the difference between honewell HC14 and HC14N filter?
Why does the filter in the photo look twice the height?
I am having mold problems with this wick. Every four days, green and black mold grows on it and my house smells like an ocean marina when I turn it on. I have been buying new filters every week! Alternative wick brands or solutions to the mold issues?
Filter is hard with deposits after 2 months. Do I replace it or clean it? Thank you
Does this filter fit the 6011G model?
Filter in our Honeywell HCM 6009 not same size as the one listed as replacement..it came in humidifier ours is smaller????
what are the dimensions?
What is the best way to clean these filters?
Smell
why does it just stop even when water tank is full
Is this louder/quiter than the HWM450? Does it need to be cleaned more often?
why honeywell quicksteam humidifier leaks
How long does it operate on a fill-up?
Does this unit have an automatic shutoff. If not, what Honeywell units do have automatic shutoffs?
How many watts?
does this particular unit have the metal as the heating element or the funny raise hump? I'm looking for the older model with the metal plate.
Some of the other filters are made in China. Anyone know where the Purenex filters are made? Tks.
FXUSC
Will it reduce sulfur smell?
Is this really 1 micron? or 5 micron?
Will these fit and work correctly in the Kenmore Whole House Water Filter: model # 38445
The title of the ad states that these are 1 Micron. However, the product description states 5 Micron. Are these truly 1 Micron?
which filter are they used in.?
What is the difference between these and the coiled looking ones? And do these fit as well as or better than the Whirlpool WHKF-GD05? Thank you!
I need 2 1/2 sediment 1micron for reverse osmosis
will this fit the watts whole house filter properly?
if the filter mwf is bad the refrigirator dont give me water on the door
Water Pressure: Does anyone know if this filter is related to low flow?
I currently have a GWF flter in my fridge. I just ordered this and it says MWF on it. Does it fit my GWF fridge?
How often should these be changed? We had a Sub Zero and just moved to a house that has GE Monogram appliances and I am not familiar with this system.
Does low ice production mean that it is time to change the filter?
How many gallons does it filter?
do you have to prime the filter before installing it ?
Does this filter remove Fluoride from the water?
I have an older GE refrigerator. The model # is TFX26ZPDA BB The serial # is SZ22137. Would this filter work for our refrigerator?
do you need to turn off the water before replacing the filter?
Does this come with the case?
doest it have volume control?
Does this have a cello tuner setting?
How long does the battery last if left on the thermo-hygrometer setting constantly?
What is the country of origin?
Does the tempo of the metronome reset itself after being turned off? Or would it stay at the same tempo that I was using (before turning it off)?
when i add this to my cart, it shows a picture of Intelli DM8lt - is this truly a recent model Intelli IMT-301?
What size drill bit do you use for these grommets?
Can I pass a coax cable thru it?
What are these used for?? Could they fit in wine bottle or jar openings for making a lamp? Thank you.
Will these fit 1/2 inch hole? I drilled a 1/2 hole and ordered 1/2 inch grommets awhile ago but they are 2 big! lol
what panel thickness are these designed to be used with?
Will this create an air-tight water-tight seal around a 1/4" tubing?
What was the diameter of the straws used for those that bought this product to make mason jar drinking cups?
anybody installed this in a cold winter climate? Does it freeze up/not open? thanks
We need a dryer vent cover that is a flat attachment to the wall. Is there any protrusion behind the plate that attaches it to the wall?
how does this thing work? does the lid open like a kettle when the dryer is on?
will this one work if the vent is coming out the ground
Has anyone used this product to prevent cold air from leaking in from a through the wall bathroom exhaust fan. We live in Southern California.
has anyone installed it specifically to prevent mice from coming into dryer vent? if so did it work for that? thank you,
Does this come with attached piping to fit into existing piping?
can it be used with bathroom exhaust fan
What color is this product?
What is the best way to clean out this dryer vent ?
Can I take the cap off and use manually in disposal? or is the cap tamper resistant? Another reviewer mentioned this &amp; I just want to make sure I can.
How long will this cartridge charge an ISE compact 3/4 disposal? (Ball park)
How do I know that the bottle is empty and I have to replace it?
Every time I turn on my disposal the cartridge falls out. It is the first replacement and did not do this with the original. Anyone experiencing this?
Does anyone know if this product can be used if you have an aerobic septic system or will it harm the microbes?
Has anyone had an issue with leaking from the cartridge after it's been changed?
My garbage disposal doesnt have a hole underneath to stick the jambuster into. so what now?
I have tried turning it back and forth but it won't budge...should I keep forcing it?
Will this work on a 555SS Insinkerator disposal that is jammed?
I can turn the insinkerator using this, but still stiff, even after turning it a dozen times. I still get hum -no spin- only when turn on. Next steps?
what is the size (diameter) of the face of this wrench?
We have a Badger 500-1 garbage disposal, will this fit?
How much of the old baffle has to be cut away--just the flaps or the rim as well?
WILL THIS WORK ON MY INSINKERATOR #777SS-1
I know this sound baffle pops into the sink, but how do I remove the old splash guard? Does a splash guard and sound baffle serve the same purpose?
Can I use this in a Waste King Disposal? The one that I have does not allow water to drain.
Will this work in an evolution disposal?
How does this muffle noise and prevent splash back with the large holes--you can see the bottom of the disposer thru the large center opening?
Will this work with my insinkerator compact-p-1 3/4 hp
the description is WRONG. It can be used on models other than the badger.
does this product fit the in-sink-erator Badger 5 1/2 hp
what does date on end of carton stand for?
Will this filter work in place of the culligan IN-1 filter i have now?
is this same as kenmore 4638447
what is the warranty? mine is 11 monrhs old, and it cracked .
Is this really 5 inch diameter? Do you ship ONLY the 5 inch when ordered? Some company's send the 4 inch.
Is there a difference between the aluminum hose versus the plastic one, in heat transfer, taking hotter air out of a room? Is one better?
do you have to have a transition pipe between the flexible pipe and standard 5 in pipe? Does it fit up?
can fit with Whynter ARC-10WB? Thanks
what is the approx compressed length? thx!
Can I use this for house furnace (75,000 BTU) vent? This is the vent that goes all the way to the roof and out.
How long does this ducting stretch out to?
This is 16 gauge? I noticed the one I have on my existing disposal is an 18 AWG cord. Do I really need to replace it with a better gauged one?
Can I mix-up the black and white wires on the disposal unit when hooking it up with this power cord? Does it matter?
I'm upgrading my disposal from a Insinkerator 5 to the Evolution. Do I need to purchase a new power cord? or can I use the one I have?
does this work with the insinkerator evolution septic assist?
Does it work on the wall outlet
WHAT GAUGE IS THIS CORD?
where is the button power
how much and what kind of soap does one use per gallon of water or wash load?
voltage
Does it agitate like a regular washing machine?
can it wash one pair of jeans
Is there anything ,I can buy that fits this machine to spin the water out of the clothes?
can you wash a queen sheet?
What's the noise factor with this item? I live in an apartment with fairly thin walls and neighbors below me.
is it good for felting?
Does this do a good job of felting hand knit woolen items, like slippers or mittens?
does the wonder washer spin clothes
can these be used on Vick V790
Does anyone know where I can buy these now? I cannot find them online for any reasonable price.
I bought these for the Honeywell hwm-950 humidifier and they don't 'fit' well anywhere. It moves off the heating disk when you replace the tower. help
Will these fit the HWM-450?
Can they be used on Air-O-Swiss S450?
where do you put the filters on the Honeywell warm mist humidifier? I can't figure that out.
size
Do these hang limp like the quality SS handheld shower hoses?
Where are they made?
Do they have flow restrictors in side of them?
what is the hose i.d. size?
Makes no difference whether it's 1/2 or 3/4" I.D., if my water supply lines are 1/2"! Now if it's 5/16 then we have a problem. Does anyone KNOWS?
will this capture dust from cat litter?.. need to use in basement room with cat litter boxes
The manual for my model says 3 filters are needed: HAPF600, HAPF600D and B filter. Are those the three different filters?
Where are the filters sold now? I have had my 2 units for some years. I can't find the filter online anywhere.
Does the unit come with filters?
Does this unit produce Ozone? If so how many ppb? Does it make as much as Amazons:FIVE STAR FS8088 Ionic Air Purifier Pro Ionizer Cleaner with UV?
whats the warrenty on the holmes air purfier/Hep756-u
Does this item have a warranty? The motor on the one we ordered is already out :(
how do you reset the filter light for the Carbon and the Hepa?
how hard to change filter?
does it come with a filter?
my whirlaway 191 got stuck. How do you unstuck it?
My old Waste King is "hard wired". Will this be a good replacement and how difficult will it be to make the connection?
Does this have a hookup for a dishwasher?
Can someone tell me the Amperage and RPM of this disposal? I live in a manufactured home; amps are a concern. Thank you!
All my existing hardware is in good condition. Can I just replace the unit only? I have the exact model already installed. It just gave up on me.
does the whirlaway 191 have an internal fuse?
whirlaway 191 will it be comparable with the whirlaway pro 184 an esay to install?
how to make it work?
can I replace the whirlaway 191 with the whirlaway 291? are the outside dimensions the same? I have a dishwasher and no extra room!
i am trying to get the specs on this product but cant find them can you help?
What about using it with the Best Air "Water &amp; Scaling" treatment to address both the scaling and bacteria issues?
Does it have added artificial fragrance?
Is it supposed to be mixed with the water that is actually used for humidifying, or is it just a cleaning agent, to be rinsed out before reg use?
Will this work with a cool mist humidifier?
Why can't this be used in ultrasonic humidifiers?
Why can't I use it in a vaporizer
Can this be used for ultrasonic humidifiers?
what are the active ingredients in this product?
Can this be used in Honeywell humidifiers?
Is it safe for plants?
can be used for a dryer vent hose
I need two 4'-0" long pieces. Can this duct be cut in half?
Is this heavy duty enough to use for a flush line on an ag pump, 20 psi for approx 1 minute? Is it clear enough to see dirty water? Thanks.
does this retract on its own after you stretch it out or does it stay in the same position?
Is it 8 ft long before being stretched out, or after?
is this really clear and easy to see though. Looking to get it for kids project?
I understant the way it collects the lint, but what happens to the humidity? Will I end up with wet walls?
Does this kit work with Haier electric dryers?
is it possible to run vent for air leaving this thing into bath fan vent line?
How heavy is the base? If I have this sitting above the dryer on the back of the washer, will it topple over?
How often does it need to be cleaned out?
can this be used on a gas dryer ???
can i adapt this to vent thru a widow?
I have a full size dryer. this product won't work on the dryer?
I am interested in buying the "Avanti 110-Volt Automatic Dryer". Do I need this vent as well? I figure I purchased both if needed and save some time.
Does this vent contain heat?? Can you use it on portable air conditioners
can it be installed with a copper sink?
Does it accommodate a dishwasher?
What does "lifetime" mean. If I am 25 and it konks out when I am 50, what do I get? Is it pro-rated?
does the splash guard come inside the box with the legend 8000 disposal
Product specs say 14.2" high. Does that include flange? My drain line is 14.5" below sink base and runs directly below disposal. Will it fit?
A plumber told me that 1.0 horsepower units are not recommended for undermount sinks. Is this true? I've already purchased the unit...
Has any one had problems with the "easy mount" on a SS sink? The cushion mount slipped out of the mount ring on the second day.Is vibration a problem?
I am frustrated that the opening (the collar) in my sink is so small with this model that I can't get my hand in there to get things out! Help!
Just install one by my contractor, but I was very shockd because of the drameticlly loud sound when I turn on. Seems not right, can anyone help me?
My existing disposal is hard-wired (not plugged into the wall) Can I hard wire Waste King or do I need to install outlet?
What's the pipe size that can be used for this? Can this be used for the same pipe size?
I had the gold Argenion 20,000 gallon filter for my fridge that has 1/4 in male ends. Will this work with my 1/4 in female threaded ends I have??
I am replacing a Omni filter r400. It is connected to the small copper tubing. Can I use existing copper tubing and set up?
Does the filter actually need to be mounted to a wall, or will it function normally laying on the ground behind the fridge?
What is the country of origin?
Has anyone had problems with leaks? I was reading reviews on other filters where the fittings failed causing 10s of thousands of $ damage, scary...
I have Argenion in line which is out of business . Can I replace with Watts which looks similiar?
Can I connect this filter in line using 1/4" copper tubing? Can it be mounted horizontal? Does it have a replaceable filter?
What happens when the filter arrives at the end of its life (e.g. five years) - will water stop coming through?
Does this filter include mounting hardware as pictured
Will this switch allow me to control the low speed on a 3 speed conventional Hunter Douglas ceiling fan ?
I'm looking for a variable speed control for a 3.5 amp 1/3 hp induction motor, will this one work?
I have a 115v ; 5.9A attic fan. Should I go with this 8.0max amps switch OR the 6.0max amps? Will the 6.0 run warmer than this 8.0?
I have a 1/3 hp 5.3 amp Sears 258.640770 whole house fan, which has a capacitor, which I assume is a start assist. Will this switch work?
Can this run a pair of ceiling fans with full vari control and no humm? Can you get it made to fit a slot in a rec wall plate?
I am looking to control the speed of a bench top grinder. would this item work for that application?
How do I know if I have a cap. starter motor? I have a small cage blower from a hot water tank. it is 110/220. I will use as 110.
Would you recommend this for a 2 Speed Range Hood (Electric Range) Fan to control fan speed?
How many wires to be connected? I have a regular attic fan motor with two wires (black and white).
I purchased this speed controller for an tjedlund M-8 fan but it doesn't slow down enough. Does this speed controller have a low end adjustment?
Can I use this to control a Dayton (model 1HLA3) 16 inch exhaust fan?
Any you folks tell me if this might be an effective &amp; reliable dimmer for 12v LED lighting strips? Those marketed for that purpose appear to be junk.
I make Knifes and need to reduce the sfm of a bandsaw from 2360sfm to 1600sfm??
Will this work with any fireplace blower when also connected to a thermal switch?
Can I control three ceiling fans with one control?
When this is used with a blower motor that uses 100 watts of power at 115 volts, do you use fewer watts when you run the blower more slowly?
Can it be used with a single phase 1 amp blower motor?
does it have a lock?
the title says freezer, but the description says refrigerator. Which one is is?
the title says freezer, but the description says refrigerator. Which one is is?
Is this freezer self defrosting or manual defrosting?
How long is the cord?
does it have a lock?
the title says freezer, but the description says refrigerator. Which one is is?
the title says freezer, but the description says refrigerator. Which one is is?
Is this freezer self defrosting or manual defrosting?
How long is the cord?
It has a place for scent pads - does that area heat up or can I use a pad with essential oils there?
the customer reviews complain about the noise it make is this true?
It says 'whisper quiet' in description..is this true?
I saw a review to add the lemon juice to water to avoid possible Mold and Mildew issues (as PH level of water alters with acidic lemon)/ Any thoughts?
the vicks is optional right?
Is this warm mist or cool mist?
I bought this humidifier. I cleaned up the base where the water stands and the tank with water. But how to clean up the top side openings?
How do I clean the humidifier
What is the spacing between screwholes?
Does this come in a 3.5" hole model for 1.5" doors?
what is the size of the locking pin?
Is it just internal or outside handle included?
can you tell me what the dimensions are for the screw holes are they 3 15/16 or 3 1/2 etc etc
does it include outside handle
does this slider door handle come with an exterior lock?
What size center to center of mounting holes.
how far apart are the screw holes?
Hi, I have a GE stove, one large burner and three small burners. Will these fit? Thanks
Will it fit Frigidair 30?
Are the drip pans and trim rings two separate pieces?
Will these fit an older Universal cook stove?
Will this fit a Hotpoint stovetop? One place says yes. Another place says no.
What does containing three units mean? Does this have four drip pans and rings, two 8 in and two 6 in?
will this fit GE JBP22BK1CT stove?
Hello - I have an older Jenn Air that uses what seems to match pic. The opening is about 1 1/2 x 1 1/2. I need 2 lg &amp; 2 s - what is in package?
say will not fit apatment size hotpoint?
how about a Westinghouse stove with 1 lg burner &amp; 3 smaller burners
Is this a universal range element that will fit even a kenmore electric range?
Will this work for a Whirlpool? And do uou have both sizes small and large) ?
Will this element work with other stoves?
What are the wattage and voltage for this item? Can it be used as a replacement element for a Roper Range Model Number FEP310KW1?
What size is this element?
What is the diameter the 7381 range kleen element?
Will this product fit a Kenmore Range?
Will this work on Premier stove top?
Will this fit into a GE range?
is this able to work on an Amana ...is it the large one or the small
I bought this element, it shorted out anyone know the reason why? It lasted a little over a year, had already installed a new receptacle for the plug
My wife likes the falter and wider type surface coils, are theses like that that? cant tell from the photo.
Will this fit a Maytag range model# MER5552BAQ?
Does this fit a Frigidaire range?
Will I be getting 3 of the 6" and one of the 8" in this Style A from Range Kleen? (I'm asking because the picture show 2 of each &amp; that's how they sell them on their webpage) thanks = )
If there are any customers who bought this for a GE stove and it didn't fit-which part was too big/small or other problem?
what are the dimensions of the small drip pans?
From one customer's review they say the pans will not fit GE. Is this true?????
What are the measurements of the large drip pan?
What sizes are these drip pans? Will they fit a Kitchen Aid KEC6260SAL5 stovetop
It's stated that there are three 6" trays and one 8" tray, but under Technical Details, it states 2 of each. What is it??
It says that it's three 6 inch and one 8 inch, but what is the actual outer dimensions of it? And how deep is it?(because my GE stove seems different)
I have an older apartment size GE stove, will these fit?
The title of this product is Set Of 4 Containing 3 Units P119, 1 Unit P120, Black, however the technical details state 2 6" and 2 8" which is it?
Do these include the trim for the pans?
Is Style A (3 6inch, 1 8 inch) for Kenmore stoves?
How much does the bigger pan measure? Does it measure 9.75"
I want to know if this product fits a Kenmore electric stove
Will drip plans fit Maytag MES5570AAW?
does it fit frigidaire
Do you know if they will fit a Gibson stove?
Has anyone bought these for a Jenn-Air range? Our range is over 20 years old. Thanks!
Do these fit GE stoves?
Will these fit a Tappan and are they an A?
WILL THESE FIT GE STOVES UNIVERSAL DRIP PANS
Will these work on a Kenmore range?
Can you safely clean these in self-cleaning oven?
will they fit a kenmore model number79094212400
How do I measure ? I need one Large and 3 small... 10" ~ 6"
Would this fit for a Hot Point Brand Range ?
do these fit a brown stovetop?
Does this work on Hotpoint stoves?
Exactly, what size is the Range Kleen 7600 7600 Gas Grate for Whirlpool stove tops?
do you have grates to fit a kenmore gas range or will these fit?
will it work on model sf362lxsq ?
will this replace manufacturer part 74005301
in one spot it says the dimensions are 9.8 x 9.3 x 1.7 inches but in another spot it says they are 8 7/8 x 8 1/4 depth: 1 9/16 inches. which one?.
I have a 20" electric Sunbeam apt. size stove with 3 small and 1 large drip pan (6" &amp; 8"). These look like what's there but does anyone know if they'
i have kitchenaid electric stove model KECS 100 SOB 1,,,i wanted to know if these chrome plated bowls fit into my stove?
I have an old Tappan kitchen, 4 burners...will it fit mine?
I have a Magic Chef electric stove with a three small burner and one large burner. I wanted to know if these stove drip burner fits into my stove.
What are the actual dimensions of these pans? I have an old Tappan Silhouette range with one burner opening that measures 8 7/8" and 3 that are 7".
will these fit an older maytag? My apt.has a beige and black maytag with a self clean, but has the old style clock, want to make these will work, haven't seen any other sizes so these are probably it. thanks for any info.
are they the kind that stay on the burner when the burner is in use?
Is the black a shiny finish or a dull finish? Thank you.
What is the texture of the black burner covers?
What are the covers made of...ceramic, granite or metal for example???
Are there 2 large and 2 small?
As a DIY install, can the Evolution Compact 3/4hp unit replace an Insinkerator 1/3hp model w/o modifications?
Does it need a threaded flange? I am considering getting a separate flange to math the finish of my sink. It fits units, 4-1/2" diameter, 1-5/8" depth
whats the weight???
While this product gets many 5* reviews - it's the those with the unit the longest that are giving 1*. Can someone who has had it awhile comment.
People have mentioned that water drains very slow with this disposal, will this be a big problem in a single bowl sink? (Have the Kolher Stages sink)
does this use a wall mounted on off switch
After I installed the disposer, the sink does not drain unless I am actually running the disposer. Any ideas on what might be causing this?
needed SinkTop Switch?
How far from the top is the top of the drain output?
Is this the unit that operates with a wall switch? I don't want the one that uses the switch in the drain plug.
when ordering this ,does iron and head come intact together ?
Is this suitable for use in Europe (240 volts)?
This site says 5 year warranty, the box says 1 year warranty, the paperwork inside the box says 90 day warranty! Is there a warranty??
What size are the letters? What size is the head (total)?
i want something to stamp small carvings. are these about an inch wide?
Can Wall Lenk do upper and lowercase on the brand or only upper?
How can additional branding plates be bought?
What size is the imprint area and is there any limitation on the number of letters?
How much do the letters cost and do you sell them?
Can I purchase replacement heating elements. For the Wall Lenk 125 branding iron?
I bought this last year, but haven't had time to install until now. My box only no installation instructions. Can someone PDF me one please?
I need a tank model no. is G6A-7.Serial no. is 96202339352 capacity 6 gallon.Do you have one and what is the price?
How Many gallon is this tank 10?
Does the tank come with the gasket kit?
Does this come with a relief valve or do I have to buy one separate?
Does this one have the studs on the back for the junction box and the hole on the back side for the heating element.. for the gas and eletric model
I need a tank only for Serial Number 96216161886 water heater by atwood. _ also GEA 6E 4D number - 1991
How does the shutoff kit work with a steam dryer connected to water supply?
Have recent purchasers received the older version (4x D batteries) or the newer version v4 (4x AA batteries)? Are there any other differences? Thanks!
Do the valves need to be installed right side up to work? Do they still work if they are installed upside down? Has anyone installed them upside down?
want to put one at the water main to house and put sensors under washer, water heater etc. but not sure the range of the sensors
When water is detected, does this also shut off electrial power? If not, what happens to tub water if dain is clogged and machine is trying to empty
I know a sensor can be near a steam dryer to detect a leak-but how does the unit "know" that the dryer is getting water? Do u have to turn a switch?
Is this the newer v4 kit, or the old kit? Someone who has purchased this recently, please answer. Thank you!
Can these units be ordered without a sensor? I have extra sensors from previous project we can use.
Does this come with the new v4 controller listed on the Floodstop website?
thanks everyone! I was just asking because my hot water/ cold water hoses are upside down - so I think still clock wise just turn right to turn off :)
Where was this made? China?
May i know does this item come together with a calibration certificate?
How long is the probe cord
Can the alarm be set to sound based on temp or just humidity?
Does it have a jack for external power yet? I have one of these a couple years old and the batteries don't last very long.
Would you recommend this product for monitoring the humidity in a crawl space remotely?
Does the external probe measure BOTH Temp &amp; Humidity?
This ad says the 44815's probe can "extend on an 18-inch cable," how can I read humidity about 36" away?
Would this unit be suitable for monitoring conditions in an outside root cellar?
Does this unit come with all needed parts for installation? If not, what must I also buy?
Do you need to use plumber's putty for installation ?
What's the difference between the Pro Essential and just plain Essential?
Has anyone replaced an Insinkerator 444 with this model?
Do you also need to buy the power cord and dishwasher connector kit?
Can I use it in the condition of 220V Voltage?
Would it work on a European power network?
Insinkerator Evolution Essential: What is the difference between the Essential, and the Pro Essential?
Do you need a plumber to install this? How do you install it?
diameter
will this work on my insinkerator #777ss-1 with out taking it apart?
difference between splash guard and baffle
is this dishwasher safe?
Does this Collar Sink Baffle fit Model Pro 333 disposal?
So, is the diameter 3 1/8" or 3 1/2"? I see both answers, which doesn't make sense since there's not a size choice option.
Can install the disposal with only this, and not the built on splash guard. That would make cleaning a snap.
Do you think I can use this on a 15 year old insinkerator?
does it work with kitchen aid disposals
cordless screwdriver: for the life of me,i can't figure out how to chuck a drill bit in this thing.my drill bits are round.how does this thing hold them?
15 Percent Off Dosent Work?? Hitachi DB3DL: When you go to checkout it dosent take anything off???
what is voltage for this device? is it 110v-120v or 100-240v?
Do all Li-Ion batteries suck rocks? ONE year life on batteries for a $300 drill?
i am buying disposal for house i am building. what else must i buy to go along with it?
I have an older model Waste King "gourmet" disposer installed in 1997 and need a new splash guard for it. This one LOOKS the same, but will it fit?
dimensions?
I need something that will allow food to pass into the disposal but prevent kitchen utensils from doing so. Will this do the job?
Does this sink stopper fit Waste King Legend 2600
Will this fit a 3 1/4 opening? Thanks
Is the splash guard 3" in outside diameter?
WORK FOR GE GFC530F
This shows it will fit a Whirlaway 291 1/2 hp disposal has anyone used it for a Whirlaway disposal?
Does it fit Waste King SS 2600?
What is the length of this flex hose? I'm looking for something in the 5-10 foot range, but cannot find any specs here
will this work for Rinnai RU98i? (requires 3/4" internal diameter hose)?
What is the BTU range?
The 3/4 in fip and mip thread fittings supplied with flex hose will fit standard 3/4 black pipe thread?
i can only get 20 lb tank is it possible to have the co2 tank on the outside? and if so where is a safe place to drill?
Is a keg included?
Say I wanted to put this under a table, yet run a tube thru a hole in the table, and have my tower/tap on the tables surface. can i do that?
How easy is it to convert to a dual tap? Any recommendations on the dual tap to use?
Did anyone else have to install a tower cooler? If so, where did you run the power cord out of?
what are the inside dimensions?
does this unit come with a keg coupler?
5 gallon keg doesnt fit! Cant find anyone making the same complaint, so maybe my keg is non standard size?
how do i set the regulator pressure when i turn on the tank it shoots up to 50psi and when i turn the adjustment knob it wont drop
C02 pressure too high
Are these non ducted filters attached to the aluminum mesh filter, if so how?
how long does these filter last
do these non ducted filters have the white indicator strip on them and are they a made by broan?
Does the indicator strip to become colored all the way along when it's time to change?
serial number 010621222009 would this fit the vent ?
How often do you change the filters?
Do these filters come with the clips to hold them in place?
How can one tell if the range hood is ducted or non-ducted? When the fan is turned on, there's air blowing out from the front of the hood.
What does Non Ducted mean?
Why don't reviewers mention the stove model that they were trying to fit? Remarks like: "They didn't fit my stove." don't help much.
my gas stove has 3 - 2 1/2" burners and 1- 3 1/2 burner- will these fit my stove?
Is this sold in packs of four?
will this fit jenn air gas stove to replace rectangle drip pan?
Is this a drip pan liner that sits on top of original drip pan or a replacement for the drip pan?
is this a pack of 4
is this a vertical or horizontal discharge
Is this a good replacement hood for a Ventline range hood?
Why is this listed as 42-inch hood but product details say 45"? Which is it?
It's 42 inches wide, but what is the depth of the hood?
Does stainless steel model come with collar on top? Photo doesn't show one.
What are actual depth and height? Is it really 20" deep and 7.5" tall?
If we don't have duct, can we use this one?
Why is it listed as 42" wide, but product details say 45"?
Do these fit most Jenn-Air models? (Mine is a SVE47500 electric). Thanks
Will these fit my older model Frigidaire Electric Stove?
Are these heavier? Some of the drip pans are tinny, and don't last very long.
Is the picture accurate of the set? It looks like 2 large and 2 small to me, but I'm needing a set that has 3 small and 1 large in it.
My original Maytag pans each have 3 notches for the element to fit into. These only have 1 in the photo. Is this how they are?
will these fit a Tappan electric range? Ordered some others but had "bulge" around inside perimeter and wouldn
How does this differ from: Range Kleen 11920-4X GE Drip Pans?
will these fit my jenn air model c202 cooktop?
I have a Roper drop in unit that is from around 1970 -- will these fit?
Will this fit KENMORE 628.4557990? thank you, Bob
Does this fit the GE JBP24B0H1WH?
How do you measure drip pans? outside lip to lip or inside?
Could you please tell me if these will fit an older GE model RB536DP1WW - thanks
will they fit an old amana range?
will they fit an old amana range?
does any one know if these fit kenmore
does this fit jb250dfww
has anybody bought some rings yet? where are you finding them. ty.
Will it fit a Kenmore, please?
is this a four pack? or 1 pc only?
Is the depth 27 inches?
Does the propane conversion kit come with it?
does the unit have a meat probe?
Is the oven door tinted? Just got the PFC model &amp; SO dark you CANNOT see! So low chin on knees to see in am 5'4~ Hate it!!
can it vent down through the floor?
Is this a self-cleaning range?
does it have down draft
does it fit toilets?
can anyone tell me how to attach to 3/8 water valve using the compression fittings? Lowes doesn't have a direct part for this. plumbing help please!
Since changing my toilet tank filling device from the old floating ball to the newer type with the float on a vertical shaft, I have a water hammer problem. Can I put a hammer arrestor somewhere between the wall mounted water outlet and the toilet tank.
For connecting to supply lines under a bathroom sink, should I be getting a 660-TR1 or a 660-TC1? Thanks!
Does anyone use this for the Kenmore Filter#9915? I believe the other # is 2300655.
Which water filter cap replacement (white color) should I use for this filter?
Is this unit actually manufactured by PUR for Whirlpool?
Although the product number is the same the picture on the web site is quite different from the appearance of our current filters. Explanation?
I purchased a #9915 replacement filter and can't seem to get it to turn and snap into place. Any suggestions or can anyone tell me what I am doing wrong? Seems so simple, but it just won't snap into place, very hard to turn.
Is this a pur 4396701
Is this filter compatible with a Kenmore model# 106.74262400 refrigerator?
does this come in the retail packaging?
Will this work on a "bottom mount" whirlpool fridge. I'm currently using a stock Whirlpool Filter # 4396701
Does it fit Whirlpool WRX735SDBM00?
Is this same as Kenmore 9030 ?
Is this filter the same as Whirlpool filter 4396710? The one Ipreviously bought didn't have a P at the end of the filter number.
Can I use this filter on my Ikea side by side refrigerator that is made by Whirlpool? I have used Whirlpool #4396841 in the past.
I used Maytag water filter PUR W 10193691 for side by side KichenAid refrigerator. Is this Whirlpool water filter 4396710 interchangeable with Maytag PUR water filter W10193691 ?
What makes it cyst-reducing?
What is the difference between filter 4396710 and 4396710P?
Kenmore refridgerator: Does anyone know if this model works with the Kenmore refrigerators.
Can this be used with Sears Kenmore model#106565664000 Filter part #9030? Thank you
is this the same as Kennmore 9930
Can this work on a Whirlpool refrigerator, with the bottom push botton where the current filter is part # 4396841?
how do you connect exhaust vent to the top of hood? is it round hole or square? I have round vent ttube, if its not round do you sell an adapter?
What power cord do I need to buy for this range hood
What is the noise level of this unit? Is it quiet?
Is the 30" one exactly 30" or slightly less?
what is ducted vs non-ducted?
Hello, does this kitchen fan have a hole on top ? Is it electric ? Does a plug come in the box ? Thanks
What do I need to buy in addition to this range hood to get it to work?
what size is the exhaust duct?
Does it come with a grease filter and the 3.5 x 10 connector for duct?
Why do you have 5.99 shipping and when i get to check out it's over 12.00 dollars, I will buy from someone else because that's not right.
I have a plain concrete driveway, could I use this to pour over the existing driveway to get a design? Ergo: The weight of a vehicle?
I have sloping yard. Can I use this in a way that I can create thicker blocks on the sloping side so that everything in the end is level?
How do you fit it into an area that is not the exact dimensions of the cutout? ex area needed to be filled is 48 inches by 37 inches.
How thick and wide is the outside border?
Has anyone done different colors in the separate sections with the quickrete liquid cement color? If so, was it hard to keep the colors separate?
Would it be better if you made these first and let them dry so you can tap them in place in the sand to make them level
how many square feet does the form cover?
Could I use this for a driveway? Would it hold the weight of a vehicle?
Is it recommended to put gravel down before setting the pavers?
How long do I need to wait before removing the concrete on the mold? How many minutes?
Can you tell me the size of the louvers inside I'm looking for ones that are 51/2 inches to replace the ones I have and I would buy the whole piece
How far apart are the screw holes center to center? I need exactly 5 1/2"
can I use this for a kitchen range hood vent?
Can I install this over my old one? The old one is in concrete
what are the exterior dimensions? the picture looks square (which is what i need ... 8"?) but the stated dimensions are14x11x12.
Can I paint this? I would like to paint it to match my siding color.
what are the real dimensions? is the face 6" X 6" and it fits a 6" pipe???
Will this kit fit my Kenmore Elite fridge and freezer pair?
How much height does the trim kit add?
DOes this kit include the leveling system?
is this kit for both units (frezzer/refrigerator) or is just for a single unit????
Can you manually fill this machine with an extendable shower head?
WHERE CAN I PURCHASE REPLACEMENT PARTS
my danby washing machine goes through all cycles except spinning?
Actual size of ice produced, not vague small, medium, large?
Is the inside able to be cleaned due to the constant flow of water and it will grow mold and become unsanitary??
Does the small setting make the soft ice like you get at Sonic?
Its not a freezer unit, so if not used all day the ice will melt and go back into the system? Do the ice cubes ever get stuck together in a clump?
Size of machine??
do it use a lot of electricity if left on all the time
can i attatch a water line to the unit for automatic water refill?
Where do you get Parts
does it have a basket or bin for emptying extra ice into freezer?
I was wondering if the ice is hard enough to serve to my guests for their drinks. I don't want soft ice, it has to be hard for the drinks? Thanks Julie
Just got mine out of the box. Is the ice supposed to be hollow, half-tubes?
Does this make "sonic" ice? also called pearl ice, soft ice
How much ice does the bin hold?
how well insulated is storage bucket
What is the water source for the ice?
How much ice the ice maker can make at once? Thank you in advance for your answers!
Mine after 2 uses is leaking water from the plastic knob. Can I purchase a replacement?
Capacity: My question is how much ice can the unit hold before you need to empty it?
Keep ice frozen? Does this model keep the ice frozen, or does it all start melting as soon as it's made?
Does it produce the clear ice as advertised?
what is the thermofuse?
Will this fuse work with the Kenmore Elite H3 electric dryer model 110.82822102?
I have an old lady kenmore 11078890800 they have discontinued the part is there a compatible fuse I can use or am i out of luck
Does it have a positive side and negative or does it not matter ?
Will this work for a Kenmore Elite Dryer Model number 110.8787?
My dryer goes for a few minutes and then shuts off. It will go back on when button is pushed. Code E 1 Agree?
will this part work with Kenmore model gas dryer 110.74622300?
will it fit med5870two maytag
Will this work for a kenmore gas dryer model # 110.97572601
What temperature does it turn off at?
will these range replacement knobs fit a tappan electric stove ?
dear sir how many kilo metres
What are the different colored round "things" for and do they show or do they go underneath the knobs? Thanks
Do you have to hold down the IS button or does it stay on after you press it one time?
do you have replacement knobs for hotpoint stove?
will this replace a (700854-4 part no.) jenn.air knob?
Can the knob be oriented with "off* at 9 o'clock rather than 12 o'clock position?
Will this fit on an older GE stove? The original GE stove knob requires a push in, then turn.
will this fit Thermador (OEM: Bosch) older cooktop?
will knobs fit kenmore#362.75275692
will these range replacement knobs fit a tappan electric stove ?
dear sir how many kilo metres
What are the different colored round "things" for and do they show or do they go underneath the knobs? Thanks
Do you have to hold down the IS button or does it stay on after you press it one time?
do you have replacement knobs for hotpoint stove?
will this replace a (700854-4 part no.) jenn.air knob?
Can the knob be oriented with "off* at 9 o'clock rather than 12 o'clock position?
Will this fit on an older GE stove? The original GE stove knob requires a push in, then turn.
will this fit Thermador (OEM: Bosch) older cooktop?
will knobs fit kenmore#362.75275692
Does this humidifier have auto shut off when the water tank is empty?
Does it make white dust?
Does it soak the surface you place it on?
how often do you change the filter?
Does this humidifier produce the nasty "white dust" caused by minerals in tap water??
Does this use filters ? I was looking for filter free cool/warm humidifier ?
we can't stand any lights in our bedroom at night....does this have any lights on it that can't be turned off?
How easy is it to thoroughly clean the inside of the water tank? Every humidifier I've every had became slimy and mildewy, and most of them had areas
Curious if everyone is using distilled water?
how to clean SPT-SU-4010 Humidifer?
the electronic panel is going out; should I fix it?
Seems like I can smell rubber burning or getting hot?
How Do You Drain the LG WM2016CW Washer? I plan to do this once a month, but even that is a lot of additional maintenance that I didn't have to do with my old washer. :( Anyway, my questions about draining: How much water will come out of the machine...
Is this stackable with the lgdlg2526w
I can't see any water when washing or rinsing. Is it cleaning my clothes?
Powder or Liquid Detergent? Which is better to use?
filter shows hexagon shape will it fit the round one that is in my humidifier?
how/shen do you need new filter ?
i need the part that fits on top where the mist come out where and who may have this part?
How long does the filter last if used with distilled water?
Can I skip the filter and just add water treatment to it instead. The filter does not work well on it's own.
Will this work in a surround air 2500 humidifier?
i need the part that fits on top where the mist come out where and who may have this part?
I am going to travel to Japan. How big is this converter box
I am using the transformer for a kotasu in the US. I have blown 2 fuses, and the transformer came with a blown fuse. Is the transformer defective?
Would it be safe to plug in a JP powerstrip into this or should I buy two of these? Two JP devices into JP powerstrip into transformer into wall
is this unit regulated and linear? I will using it on an electrostatic energizer amplifier (Stax srm-323s)
I have a high end japan cassette tape deck, its says "100V, 24W, 50/60 Hz" it is the right converter? Thanks
The output socket for 100V seems to be Europe standard, while Japan plugs are US standard. How it works with Japanese appliance?
hi can I remove that screw in the middle, because I have Power adapters that might touch that.
Are there supposed to be instructions inside the box? We didn't get any, just the basic "read warning before operating" instructions on the box .
What's the spec of replacemet fuse?
Can I connect a Hitachi refrigerator to this unit? The compressor is 89W/Defrost element 139W.
can this be used on plaster walls
How long is the actual pointy/hook part that gets pushed into the wall?
what happens if you need to remove it?
What do you use on the item to be hung?
Would it hold a mirror of 10-12 lbs ? II plan to put it on the wall, above the sofa. The mirror just has one hole at the back.
Can these be used on a solide wall or only dry wall?
Can it be installed in the drywall encasing sliding doors?
I'm looking for something that will stick to the ceiling and hold a lamp. Will this work?
my washer is 27.5 wide and 27 deep will my washer fit
Does one install this by lifting the front end of the washer, sliding the pan under and then lifting the back of the washer to finish the job?
how deep is this ? , i need 2.5 inch or more height for my side outlet drain
Mini washer
Would this pan (with washing machine on top) slide over carpet easily?
what are the inside Dimensions and Outside Dimensions
Does anyone have a side drain
Would this slide with ease? I have a portable washer and since I live on the second floor this would be a good idea but I need it to slide
I have a Samsung washer 27"W and 29 1/4" D and the DRYER the same measurements Will This size fit? Also can I use This under the Dryer??????
What is the inside height of the pan (likely around 2 inches). I need an exact measurement so I can calculate how much water the pan will hold.
One drip pan or four?
what is the opening (middle section) diameter of this drip pan?
is it dishwasher safe?
Is that for one or four?
How does this unit perform when it comes to pan frying food, and smoke caused from that?
Power off delay digital timer stuck at 1:00:00 and whole display keeps flashing. Have tried everything in manual, now what?
The 6" discharge hole in my wall is fairly low. What is the minimum distance from the bottom of the unit to the bottom of the discharge hole?
What is the actual depth: 20 inches or 22 inches? The description shows both depths.
Can the bulbs we swapped out at home for LED bulbs?
Suddenly the light and the fan does not turn on, I have checked power in the circuit is Ok. Any suggestion?
I would like to buy replacement baffle filter for Cavaliere-Euro SV218D 30" Stainless Steel Wall Mount Range Hood, what is the price w/ shipping?
replacement filters for cavaliere 30" curved glass hood
How much is optional extension for 10 ft ceilings?
Does this hood have LED lights?
In purchasing the optional Stainless Steel Baffle Filters (Cavaliere D-IM) how many are needed for SV218D-I36?
is the curved part stainless or glass
what else do I need to buy to install this product?
I'm looking for crystal clear ice cubes does this filter do that?
Do I need separate filters for my kitchen sink water and my ice maker line or will one filter both?
my water line for ice comes from underneath the house. can i just hook this up with compression fittings to the line that's behind the refrigerator?
Does the kit include hoses?
Does this kit include all parts that are in the US-EZ-4 kit minus the faucet?
Where is this manufactured?
it is 120 v or 240 v ?
Is it AC powered, or can it connected to 12/24 volt battery or both?
Is this the same unit only rebranded as the NewAir Al unit?
In the photo the cubes look white and cloudy. I want a clear clean cube. I am trying to avoid the ugly cloudy cubes. How are they?
how large is the ice storage compartment?
Can someone tell me where this is made? THanks
I have a mod# IP220SS and need a ice basket for it, I cant get info on this mod.?
Can this unit be connected to a water line like a refrigerator ice maker?
do i have to mix the gradian first then put in the machine, or just direct put the gredian?
will not make Ice, keeps saying to add water which has been done. Did turn off the unit unplugged it and started over still having the same issue.
The description of "what's in the box" doesn't mention a filter. Does that need to be purchased separately? If so, what kind of filter is needed? T
Is the hardware included? e.g. screws, washers. etc?
It says Clean Sense charcoal filters change color when replacement is necessary. Do u actually replace the filters, or just clean them?
Is this ducted or non ducted installation?
How tall is it?
Is the underside one flat plane so that this is easy to clean? Is it otherwise easy to clean the underside?
is it hardwired
What size is the output duct requirement?
What is meant by "silver" -- is it shiny or will it match pretty well to stainless steel appliances?
What light bulb does Broan 390 require?
At what temp is the excessive heat that the fan will start by itself?
I m just in need of the blower motor for my pm 390hs range hood do u just selll the blower motor ?
Can this be vented from the top OR the back? I need an insert that vents from the back.
How much of an energy load (watts or amps) does this range hood put on an electrical circuit.
Do you need the liner or can it be used without? I'm building a custom hood to fit in a 30" space.
Can this mount in the ceiling soffit above a range?
is it ventless or does it need to be vented
Stupid question...does this hood come with a motor? My parents are insisting that for the $, it can't come with a motor -- that it is just the hood!
Dos it include power cord or must that be purchased seperatly?
is everything needed for operation included with this unit?
Is there any hardware (such as screws) included in the package? I am aware that the light bulbs and filters are not.
Are the bulbs included? Do we have to buy separately? Thanks!
Does this seem quieter, louder, or about the same as other range hoods you have used?
Are light bulbs LED ?
How "brainless" is it to turn the light / fan off? I like simple pushbuttons for "off" so I can jab at it, no thinking. How EZ are rocker switches?
Is this really 10" from top to bottom? I like the quiet aspect but if it's really 10" thick, it won't work above my range.
Is it 100% Stainless steel? I have seen so called Stainless units that have only the walls in stainless and the top of it is not stainless and rusts.
Is there a way to fasten the back of the hood to the wall. Is there a way to fasten the sides of the hood to cabinets sides"
Does it come with the filters? Finding info on the web that says it does..but others here are saying it does not.
Installed range hood on Dec. 27, on Jan 5 it blowed one of the lights, do you have any ideas why?
What bulbs does it use?
Is it hard wired or plug in?
Does this Broan QS230SS come with air filters? Picture does not show all details.
I had the hood installed to be vented to outside. Air blows out the top vents. Very loud clicking on 3rd speed. ????
hood vent out back?
Does this model have the damper included for the seven inch duct.
Can an extended warranty be purchased for this product?
I've had my vent hood for about 3-4 months. This morning it started making rapid-fire clicking noises (nothing turned on). Anyone had this problem?
my cabinets will allow 30 inches wide. will it fit?
Do you have to used a duct.
What are the dimensions.
how often do you have to change the filter in the HCM-350 Honeywell Cool Mist Humidifier
Which Filter is to be used in Honeywell HCM-350
Honeywell is a US company right?
Anyone know if this will fit in a Vicks Starry Night Cool mist humidifier?
Is this compatible with the Honeywell Easy to Care Cool Mist Humidifier HCM-710?
What are some compatible filters in this size?
What filter fits the model HCM-710?
Will this fit Honeywell 6011i inside dia.8in outside 19 in 7and half tall
what fits the model HCM - 890
What are the dimensions?
Can I use this on carpet? I don't want something that will leak or potentially start a fire. If no, what can I buy something to put underneath? Thanks
My dorm limits the amount of amps to 11 or less. How many amps does this fridge use up?
Hi, I'd like to order this for my daughter who will be heading to college next month. Is there a way to purchase and delay shipping?
Is the Freezer Frost Free?
warranty
What is the Energy Star Annual Kilowatt rating for this unit?
Can u use this fridge in a RV or travel trailer?
Does this mini-fridge lock? If not, where can I get a mini-fridge like this that does lock. Thanks.
How long has it lasted so far for your use?.
Could someone give me the dimensions?
are these drip pans dishwasher safe?
does it fit left or right side interchangeably?
Will it fit a Kenmore stove model#790.71344700 ?
The drip pans are wide enough to for my stove's burners to fit. But what is the distance between the two burner openings?
will it fit general electric jgb630defww 30" free standing gas range?
I have a Whirlpool gas stove, Model XFG361LVT (first letter might be a W), does anyone know if these will fit?
What are these drip pans made from? GE says there should be a difference between the left and right because of the curvature at the top outer corners.
what is the internal diameter of the opening?
Will it fit glen wood gas and gas with round burners ? If not to you have a product that would fit?
I mainly need a portable outside device. I work out in the sun and want it for temp and humidity readings. will this work for my needs. Thanks
Accuracy is +/- what for temperature on this device?
I am putting exotic wood down and I would like to measure not only the moisture content of the air but the wood itself?
Does this model display wet bulb temperature?
What if I put it at 0% or 97% relative humidity, will it break the hygrometer, or is it just not-measurable?
Is this accurate for reading body temperature of people?
Can this measure differences between points less than 6 inches apart?
Does this display temperature in degrees celsius?
What's the % accuracy of these? Amazon descriptions are not the go-to place for specifications, as usual
does this dispense the water without it being plugged in
Does this filter the water?
Does the electricity have an American Plug or a Europe Plug?
Can any 3 gallon water. Container fit
how many gallons of water does this hold? looks like 3 gallon in picture but I would like to know if it would hold a 5 gal jug?
Can you fit a standard sized coffee pot under the spigot?
i bought a few months ago, and the plastic container was so hot, and leaking water under the machine ,after that, only comes water from the hot water e nothing from the cold ,what I can do,
why does water not hot, both hot and warm line are on?
what are the dimensions?
How cold does it keep the water?
Does anyone else think it's noisy/loud?
Can anyone tell me the cubic feet of the freezer vs. the frig? I can't find it in any of the specs. The freezer section seems larger than I want.
Can I change the light so that it is brighter inside the refrigerator, it is depressing
What is the actual height of the fridge. My opening is 75 1/8 tall. Will it fit. Thanks
Does a plastic gallon jug of milk fit in door compartment?
Can I get this model , (Summit : FFBF285SS) to open the door left or right?
what are the exterior measurements, height, width, depth?
Do the sides "appear" stainless/metal or is a painted gray like many other fridges? The side will show and I don't want gray paint, I prefer metallic.
Help, I am having a mold problem with my summit is anyone else experiencing this problem???
Is the door real stainless steel or "stainless steel look"?
Is the 24 inch dimension the width or the depth?
where is the dyer lint removal
Can this machine wash and dry at the same time or is it one at a time? Thanks.
whirlpool thin twin LTE5243DQ washer drain is not working
is it a 110 volt or 220 volt
Is there a filter for the washer? and where?
What year was it made in?
is this a ventless dryer?
is it 110?
is it 110v?
the fitted brita container in our refregirator model nbr. 83872 broke. Where can we replace it
will this replace GWF filters? and how long do these filters last before needing change?
Hi, is this a replacement for GE MWF filters?
Does this filter work with RSG257AARS Samsung Refrigerator
Is DA29-00003F the same as DA29-00003G?
This filter works great and is very easy to install. But, I've noticed when installing the filter that the marks on the filter NEVER line up with the "lock" marks on the fridge. Does this happen to anyone else? Filter goes on EASY, but I'm always...
locking symbol does not line up but seems to fit correctly other than that and water flow is fine. Will this affect the quality of the filtering?
I need to replace my water filter for my samsung RF26XAERS side by side fridge--will this work?
I purchased my Samsung a year ago. I just hooked up the water line and the replacement light came on? Why did it expire when I've never run the water?
Is this made in China?
Does it come sealed in plastic from factory like the one from purchased from Samsung does?
Is this model compatible with samsung RSG257AARS?
Instructions say to turn off water valve before installing, meaning refrige would have to be pulled out from enclosure each time. Is this true?
When does the thermostat switch the aux heat on? Does it switch when there is a two degree differential or after a certain amount of time?
Is this thermostat an auto/heat/cool or just heat/cool?
Is there a 'sensitivity' setting to keep the heat from cycling on/off every 3 or 4 min. when the inside temp matches the thermostat setting?
Will it work with a electric baseboard heat in one bedroom?
Will this thermostat work if you only have central electric heat and a central AC as in a mobile home.
Will this work with a 2-stage Bryant AC/Heat gaspac? The thermostat the dealer installed is programmable and we don't need it.
how easy is it to install
can this control my whole home humidifier as well?
Will this unit work with an AC unit only that has heat coils in the air handler unit? Far South Texas doesn't require much heat.
Can I use this for 2 heat 1 cool?
Does this mounting mechanism accept 1/4 females for input and output, or does it use copper tubing?
How long (on average) do the filters last?
What is the difference between the Culligan IC-1 EZ filter and the RZ-1 EZ filter?
Does it have its own shutoff for replacing the filter?
Does this filter connect to this faucet (http://amzn.to/1GiSrMi) with this kit (http://amzn.to/1ySuhFM)?
I have the EZ1 right now. Should I get the EZ4 instead for better filtration? I live in NYC tenement buildings built in the early 50s.
What size tube? 1/4 ID or OD? I see conflicting information in the responses. Local supply store has both next to each other.
Will this unit work if it's mounted sideways in a cabinet? I realize I'd probably need to support the end of the filter, doing this to make sure it's level and no side load maybe causing a leak. It's very difficult to get my side by side out, I want to...
I have a culligan IC-102 filter on fridge, will this replace that filter?
I'm looking for crystal clear ice cubes does this filter do that?
is this product made by watts or anderson barrows in the usa or made in china
How long have you had your hoses and have you experienced any leaks or leaking fittings?
What is the length of the hose?
Do you get a pair or just one hose for $12.88?
Does the hose have an inlet screen?
I have a weird need for a extremely flexible hose (OUTDOORS). Does anyone have a guess if this will hold-up well outdoors? Weird I know.
does this hose have a plastic hose in the center?
What is the length of this hose? I can't find it in the listing. Am I missing something or did the seller fail to state the length?
What color is the Deluxe Dishwasher Alert? Item pictured shows Black &amp; description states it's White. ???
Your picture shows a black dishwasher alert but your technical details states white. Which one would I receive if I bought it?
Can I get this in white?
is the surface glass
How much money
Does it come with a LP conversion kit?
It appears that the cooktop is completely flat other than the burners themselves making it really easy to clean? Is that the case?
Do you have any issue with the grates sliding around and/or do you see issues with the glass getting scratched up over time?
Does this hood wall exhaust through the top? Is there an exhaust kit available with this model?
The depth of my cabinets is 12 inches will this hood fit?
This Broan undercabinet range hood takes a 75 watt bulb. Standard base? Will a CFL or LED physically fit in that space?
Do you need to buy a power cord?
What all is included in the hood for $75.33?
does this have dishwasher safe filters?
Do you know what is the hight of this range hood? I need range hood with only 5 inch hight.
Is it necessary to have a power cord or is this hood typically hard wired?
Can this ducted hood be wall mounted without a cabinet over it?
what is the diameter of the duct per your picture ?
What re the countertop cutout dimensions?
Can anyone tell me what the surface dimensions are 30 by what?
Can anyone tell me if the stove top gets hot while the burners are in use? I read one complain that said it got hot 1 to 2 inches around the burner.
With the controls can you turn them without pushing down?
110 volt o 220volt
what if the controls are not aligned
what are the drop in measurements
Can you confirm that this is the left-side hinge? So the door pull is on the right side, as in the picture?
Is the lower portion SOLELY for wine or could it also store cans, bottles, etc?
What is the height of each shelf? I read that you can store 3-liter bottles on the top shelf?
Does it fit WFW86HEBC
does this kit work for maytag model mhwz400tq00?
Does this stacking kit work for Whirlpool Dryer GGW9250SU ?
Lost owners manual - does it fit GHW9150PW2 duet model?
Will this work to connect a WGD9200SQ0 to a WFW9150WW00 washer?
Does it work for Whirlpool Duet HT - washer/dryer from 2005?
Does the old stack kit fit on the new washer and old dryer?
Does it fit Maytag Performance Series 3000? Model #: MHWE300VW11
Does it fit for all Whirlpool Duet models? My washer is WFW94HEXW2 and dryer is WGD94HEXW1... thanks very much
will it fit my whirlpool WF9050XW00?
Does this fridge hold temperature well (40 degrees)?
is the door switchable?
Are the castors removable? I am working with a 71.5" opening, this fridgre measures 75" with the castors attached.
Does Frigidaire sell additional shelves for this unit? We'd like to have more than the 4 it comes with.
Can the automatic defrost cycle be turned off?
How high with the temperature rise during the defrost cycle?
Which filter to buy??? What is the difference between this PUR filter 4396841 for $35, the cheaper Pur PBSS one for $29 or the 4396710 for $35???
Kenmore refridgerator: Does anyone know if this model works with the Kenmore refrigerators.
Filter 4396841 and 4396841P which is the difference? The P stands for pair and the T stands for triple pack!!! Thanks to the participants to the discussion. :)
Same as Thermador REPLFLTR20
The number I have is 4396710 . Can I use the same 4396841 PUR Push Button Side by Side Refrigerator Water Filter
does this filter fit amana
Does this work for W10193691
Is this the same as mfg model no. W10193691
Our model number is ed5fhghkq02 Will this filter fit?
What is the difference between the 4396841 T and the 4396841 P?
Is this a genuine Whirlpool Water Filters P/N 4396510? I do not want a generic or non Whilrpool brand.
is this filter compatable with Kenmore 46-9010?
Is this Whirlpool product made in the U.S.A.? I won't trust a "Made in China" water filter.
is this filter replacement for pur cartidge no,t2rfwg2
will this filter fit whirlpool Mod. GD5RHAXNB01 (quarter turn cap)
What does the P stand for at the end of the part number? my old cartridge does not have a P???
will this filter fit Thermador refrigerator model #KBUIT4860A02
Is this a generic water filter and not a true Whirlppol brand?
Will this replace a cartridge part #L500, or #4392857?
Will this fit a kitchen aid ksfs25fkwh01? It currently has a filter maytag pur 8212652. fridge is a kitchenaid side by side with filter bottom left
Lint filter: Does anyone knows where I can purchase the black filter behind the white filter and filter cover?
How to vent this dryer? I"m thinking about getting this dryer, but i don't know how to vent this dryer.I live an apartment and I dont have an exterior vent.Do I need buy vent kit or not?
Capacity question? Can I dry bathrobe, two queen-size sheets, large jacket in this dryer ?
Electric bill: Did you notice a huge electric bill jump when using your portable dryer?
i heard it stop without the buzzing. since then, it is rotating and gets hot, not as loud or effective?
I have had my dryer for 9 months and recently the drum stopped rotating while on. Any suggestions on how to fix this?
rug
vertical window vent kit? listed Haier AC-3940-81K window exhaust kit, will this fit?
does anyone have a rattling noise? 2 years old and i have never replaced belt or filter. love the machine.
How many watts amps? Can I run HLP140E Dryer &amp; HLP21N Washer together on same 15 amp outlet?
IS THIS filter replacement, HDC-12, the same EXACT filter which is supplied with ESSICK model #1409? What is the material made of in the replacment?
are there 4 filters per order for !6.41
Will these work for Kenmore 758.15420011 humidifier (requires Kenmore 32-14911 filters)
Will this work with sears 758 144521
Will this work with sears 758 144521
Will these be the proper replacement for the Kenmore 758 144530? I didn't see that model listed..
Do these filters fit a Kenmore model 758-144160..?
will these filters fit IDYLIS MOdel IHUM-10-140?
I have 3 EssickAir 696 units. The replacement wick is supposed to be part # 1041. Would this wick work in my unit?
Is a wick type humidifier soppose to set in the water?
i have a broan range hood model 41,000-L. i need the replacement filter # 97007696. is this it.
Does this filter come packaged? If so, did it say MICROTEK on the packaging?
Will this fit the Broan CJD1 Series non-ducted range hood?
I just bought a Broan 97007696 filter and don't know which side should face the stove (dark side?
will these filters fit on GE stoves?
I have the filter; I need the bracket that holds it onto the vent. Have you one? This size. Thanks!
Will your Broan filter S97007696 fit in a Nautilus hood?
Has anyone used this filter for the Broan F40000 series
will these filters fit on kenmore model 5271 range hood?
I have an older model of a nutone kitchen exhaust fan, with a U shaped aluminum filter. Will this product be able to fit the range hood?
Can this be used in other brand humidifiers?
Is it common for this not to work.. even after being just a few days old? I am still getting white dust all over my electronics and such.
How often is the filter cartridge supposed to be changed? My humidifier did not come with a manual and I can't find one online. Can anyone help?
Where to insert the cartridge? Can't find screw-in place. Thanks.
why did my humidifier stop emitting vapor?
Is an airwasher the same as a dehumidifier?
Does anyone else's humidifier emit blue water after s/he puts in the replacement cartridge? It is turning my entire tank of water blue for some reason
my filter # is 9999. the shown filter fits mine?
my filter is a 49-9006 will this mine?
Is this the filter for Kenmore part number 569AF12538AEB
my filter number is 9930 will this fit mine?
will this fit Kenmore 596.52673200
myfilter#9020whatwillfit
do you still get floride in your water
will this filter fit model kenmore #59673503201?
Will it fit kenmore Elite fridge model #401.41003011?
Would this fit model #10651102110?
will this fit model ksbs5wh3?
Is this the black blender jar seal for model KSB560CUD ? Thanks!
Is the Genuine OEM FSP Whirlpool Kitchen Aid Blender Rubber Seal part number 9704204 suitable for Kitchenaid blender KSB560CU1?
Will this fit Kitchenaid Blender model KSB580NK0?
Will this seal fit a kitchenaid blender, model KSB540ER0
Will it fit Model KSB5WW3?
what is the inside and outside diameter of this item?
will this fit a kitchen aid model KSB560080
Do you know if it fits 5 speed Kitchen Aid ksb5bu model?
Will this sensor work with weather stationBAR208HGA ?
Does it come with calibration certificate?
How accurate is the HUMIDITY reading on these? Please only answer if you've tested/compared it to other devices and/or local weather stations. THANKS
Can the sensor get wet? Live on south side of a apartment, but our mail box faces the north. Am I correct, the most accurate reading is from North?
does this work with older (12 years) Oregon Scientific radio controllers
Is this compatible with model # BAR888A?
what is the procedure for batteries?
resetting the Oregon Scientific thermo sensor - Can anyone help?
will this sensor work with bar938hga
what is the demension?
can you went out the back
One of my bulbs went out and I am having a hard time removing it..should it just pull out or does it screw in?
can you easily replace halogen bulbs with more efficient bulbs without modifying hood
Will this hood QS330ss fit an existing 3x11 retanguler duct.
Do I need special non-duck kit for air re-circulation? How long from the back to the top air vent? (I don't want my cabinet to cover it)
hi if i order this model and ship to canada is the warrenty valid in canada
Why do I hear a clicking sound?
The product lacks of instruction of installing rear venting range hood. There's no accessories come with it. Please help!
Why the picture looks different from Zephyr website for ak2100a?
Is it recommended by consumer reports magazine? Is it hard to install, for someone who knows what they are doing?
Is this hood designed for use under a 15" or 12" cabinet? What is the measurement of the hood top before it slants down?
how long is the waranty?
One question for those with color White: is it made of stainless steel too (just painted in white)? Not made of metal, I hope? Thanks.
What is the weight of this rang hood?
How is the noises level of this range hood?
will these range replacement knobs fit a tappan electric stove ?
dear sir how many kilo metres
What are the different colored round "things" for and do they show or do they go underneath the knobs? Thanks
Do you have to hold down the IS button or does it stay on after you press it one time?
do you have replacement knobs for hotpoint stove?
will this replace a (700854-4 part no.) jenn.air knob?
Can the knob be oriented with "off* at 9 o'clock rather than 12 o'clock position?
Will this fit on an older GE stove? The original GE stove knob requires a push in, then turn.
will this fit Thermador (OEM: Bosch) older cooktop?
will knobs fit kenmore#362.75275692
What are the fiting sizes on this?
does this RVF rv water filter come with a filter ?
are their connection replacement (male &amp; female) for culligan rvf-10, water hose connections?
Will this housing hold the d 20 cartridge ?
What is the temperature rating on these? Can they be used to filter water from the water heater?
HOw much does it reduce the water flow... RV already has problems with pressure after you put limiter on inlet.
could i use this product to avoid water spots when rinsing my car?
What does the 5 year warranty cover? Wanted to make sure it covered the parts along with the housing.
Could you tell me if the inlet and outlets are 3/8?
how do i install
Specs say item fits 1 3/4" door, but flat part of bottom piece is 1 1/2" and then there is a 1/4" bubble. Is door suppose to sit on bubble?
How much of the bottom of the door itself is covered on the side without the screws?
I want to keep my foster kittens from going from room to room; I want to cut the strips to fit the folding doors. Can I?o
What is the location/spacing of the screw holes?
does this come in 32"?
how long does beer stay fresh? how often do you have to change CO2 and where do you buy those? do smaller kegs stay fresh longer? how/when do u clean?
Does the temperature easily adjust? I need it to hold it at 50-55 degrees is there a setting for that?
Is this unit including a keg as pictured ?
Can you put the CO2 tank inside the kegerator or does it have to be mounted on the back?
using the biggest keg this dispenser can hold how long will it take to empty using 12, 12 oz servings a day
Will this fit a full size leinenkugels keg? We're wanting summer shandy all summer.
I'd like to convert the beer line for use with corny kegs. What size barb fits the beer line?
Does the temperature easily adjust? I need it to hold it at 50-55 degrees is there a setting for that?
Does this hold the standard normal keg? I drink keystone 1/2 kegs and im not quite sure what they mean by Does NOT support use of Coors, Miller rubber
does the unit have an energy guide sticker that estimates energy use for one year, like refrigerators do?
will this strap block the TV from tilting backward too?
Will these straps also prevent the tv from falling backwards into the wall?
Is this worth the money if you can't use the bolt to put into studs in the wall? So just using adhesive? Our walls are plaster &amp; lathe.
Will the adhesive work with a brick wall?
Is this strong enough to keep a tv from falling over if the tv stand it is on is being rocked/shaken by a energetic toddler?
Can I use this for a 65" tv ?
I have bought this product before, and would now like to buy just the "sticky" pads. Can you refer me to the right purchase option. Thanks
Can the straps be attached to WALL with adhesive rather than screwed in?
Can these safety straps be screwed into the wall rather than the TV stand?
My TV is a 51 inch flat screen and sits in a corner on a glass tv stand. Is this a solution for me?
Can the controls be read by someone who wears glasses or are they too small?
Can an electrician install this or do you have to use Ge. This will be replacing a previous GE induction cooktop which lasted 15 years.
Is this downdraft ventilation?
I'm replacing a 30" JenAir glass cooktop and we have granite counters. I'm worried the cutout won't match exactly- what size will this require?
Does the stainless steel trim get scratched by the cookware (vs. a model without the trim)?
The electrical wires coming out of it do not look copper to me - they are silver in color. Does anyone know if these are copper or aluminium?
How easy is it to clean? Does food get struck in between the cooktop and stainless steel trim?
My wife is concerned that she will break a glass top / smooth top cooktop. Is this a concern?
How much voltage is required. 120v or 220v?
The stainless steel trim appears to be raised. Does this require extra care in positioning the cookware, or limit the size of the cookware bottom?
Seriously? I bought this exact same freezer for $189!
Frostfree?
What are the interior dimensions?
How many maximum amps does this draw when the compressor is on.
Has anybody kept this in their garage, if so, how did it hold up with regards to frost build up and keeping things frozen? I live in a warm climate.
Does this freezer have coils in the walls or where does it displace the heat.I was thinking of adding foam insulation around it. I live in high heat
is this freezer self defrosting
Where was this GE product manufactured?
Does the compartment on the rear that the cord comes out of, have a cover?
THe dimensions are 24x29.3x32.4. Is that length, width(depth), height?
What is the warranty?
What is the voltage 110 or 220??
Some say it's 110 and others say it's 220....so which is it? I need a 110.
Hello, Is this product plug in or does it need to be hardwired?
Is this a 110 or 220 plug?
Do these cooktops require 220 outlet?
Can an electrician install this or do you have to call GE?
I need to get the candy mix up to a 310 degrees F. Will the new induction cooktop make things that hot?
What kind of pots and pans are suitable for induction cooking?
Can I put the GE Profile convection single wall oven below this cooktop?
Is the cooktop surface scratch resistant? - something similar to the glass that smartphones use these days?
How much room is between the two 81/4" burners? Can I fit two 10" pans on those burners at the same time?
i would like to put a drawer for spatulas, spoons, etc. under the cooktop and over the pot drawers--is that possible with this model?
cast iron pan use
How much room is between the two 81/4" burners? Can I fit two 10" pans on those burners at the same time?
It doesn't specify how many inches wide are the burners do you know?
Cleaning this product -- besides the Cerabrite -- can a glass cleaner be used to removed grease stains
Has anyone used a cast iron griddle on the two side burners with success? I am trying to decide between this &amp; kitchenaid that has the bridge feature.
Can I have a utensil drawer underneath this cooktop? It says minimum 12" clearance and that is a lot, most other induction cooktops are 4-5" clearance
I want to know the imput V, 110 or 220V?
what is the warranty and how does it work? does ge cover what is sold on amazon?
Does the unit appear to cycle on and off at lower settings?
Is my current 34 1/2" x 20 1/4" cut out too large to fit this unit?
Can you use revere ware on induction cook tops?
Can this work in Malaysia
What are the internal dimensions? In inches or centimeters please. Units are important. Also what are the wall thicknesses?
Is it energy star listed?
what are the dimensions of this unit?
does it have a lock?
Does this come with hanging basket inside?
How long is the power cord and which end of the unit does it originate from? (I'm trying to figure out if it will reach my nearest outlet. Thanks.)
What are the dimensions of the hanging baskets? Thanks!
How wide is the large section of the interior floor ( not counting the step up part, that hides the compressor.)
Does it auto start after power outage
What is the outlet requirement?
my jenn-air cartridge is a conventional coil model A100 will this fit?
I have a Jen air stove I want to replace the burners with cartridges my model number is JES9750AAB canister use these
Will this fit a model C236B Jenn Air?
Will this work on jenn air s100
Will this coil cartridge fit my Jenn-Air Range JES9860AAB?
I have a Jenn Air S120 stove with flat burner cartridge. Can these coil top burner replace them?
Will this cartridge work in a Jenn-Air Model SVE47500W?
Is this cartridge a replacement for Jenn-Air AC 110 B cartridge?
Will this fit Model JED8230ADB?
Will this work with the JED8130 cooktop to replace the grill?
how do you override door lock?
Amana NFW7200TW 27 Front-Loader Washer Does this washer have a drain trap? Is there an illustration of the drain trap connection to the pump?
mine has totally lost power....checked the plug &amp; breaker. Just finished washing a load &amp; went to put in another load &amp; boom...absolutely no power!!
Stopped washing can't open door?
how old is an amana 7200 dryer?
my panel keeps flashing 5d. there is no 5d. I called your 800 number and they checked it out and they agreed that there is no 5d. so now what!?
Amana front load washer door needs a lift up to close. Repairs have been made on this door and it persists to be lifted to shut. What can be done?
How to replace the door to machine?
What do I do to clean the hose filter screens
Is this product for a Ceran top?
How many cleaning pads are in this kit?
This kit is supposed to have a scrapper, did it come with one?
What are the ingredients in this product? Does it have a strong smell?
My original cook top came with a nifty little sponge that had rubber on one side....great for cleaning! Is that rubber sponge in this kit?
black countertops?
I need a disposal that chops when you push down the plunger - not a separate power switch on the wall. Does anyone know if that's how this works?
Does this Garbage Disposal have GrindShear Ring&reg; The ideal solution for stringy foods like cornhusks and celery is the GrindShear ring&reg; .
Is Model KCDB250G a direct replacement for Model KCDC250K2?
How do you use the disposal
Does anyone know the height and width of this garbage disposal also is it quiet when operating?? Thank you
how many models are there for kcdb250g
Does it come with a power cord?
What does this product weigh?
Does this disposer come with a stainless steel mount?
dimensions of product?
Once the door is opened and the chime sounds....does the chime automatically stop when the door is closed or do you have to manually shut it off ?"
can it be used for dooor bell
What kind of batteries does this device use?
Does the window sensor have an on/off switch? My teen has been sneaking out at night, I just want to make sure she cannot disable the sensor.
Is it suitable to use as a window alarm for a pool. Is it UL 2017?
does the control module offer volume control?
I'm looking for a system where I can detect when a gate is opened. I want a sound inside the house so I know when the gate is opened.
Does anyone know the operating frequency? Is it 433 mhz? I'm considering buying this cheap starter system and expanding with generic accessories. Thanks.
Does the alarm sound the instant the door is opened? This is crucial in protecting a swimming pool.
Is there a module that detects a power outage that can be monitored from wireless control center?
what is a power cord?
What are the dimensions of the disposer: For example, the dimension from the top down to the discharge pipe?
I currently have the GC2000PE3 which has a plug-in, will I be able to transer the plug to this unit?
Does it have a dishwasher hookup
Can I use this model as a replacement for 1/3 hp model GC100XE2?
So the power cord from an older corded model can be attached to this model?
I have a gc1000 that no longer grinds. Is this model the same size, as I have little room (2 or 3 inches) underneath before trap pipe
Does the disposal need a power cord or is it direct-wired, installation design
I need to replace a wirlpool Gc2000xe2. Is the unit you are selling an xe2....or does that make a difference?
I have a GC1000PE model. Is this model compatible with it? Also will the power cord of 1000PE model work with this model?
Do I need to allow 45 inches for this hood?
How can this model be ducted?
what recommended height should the hood be install above stove?
does it have to be vented
Can this be used as is for nonducted or does it require the conversion kit?
what is infinite sensory control? Is it manual fan operation of automatic?
do I need to buy non-ducted filters for this?
can i just plug it into the wall.
can i just plug it into the wall.
I need a 42 inch hood, but in the description it says that it is 45 inches wide. Do I need to make room for a 45 inch wide hood?
What is the interior made of? Is it painted? I ask because many reviews of the similar GE Spacemaker 2 mention the painted interior flakes off.
What is the actual depth?
Are the dimensions similar and can this model be mounted under counter as the Spacemaker II series?
Is there a way to stop this microwave from wobbling on the counter? Mine is a bit unsteady with three metal "legs" and one rubber "Leg."
Anyone else have a problem with the bulb burning out and having to pay $200+ to have a GE technician come out and replace it? (less than 4 yrs. use)
I desperately need this Monogram Microwave. I need these dimensions. I would even buy a used one. Please help.
Will this replace a ZEM200SY 002 I currently own that is not working IN the space I currently have?
what is the height and width (exterior)?
What to use for cleaning stainless exterior? "stainless appliance cleaner" mists on my wood floor making it dangerously slippery.
I haven't had an ice maker, will this kit provide everything I need? Do I need to buy a waterline that will connect to the refrigerator separately?
does this include the ice bin as well?
What kind of water filter setups do you use? Does it matter.
Will this fit a bottom mount Kenmore refrigerator 596 series?
is it interchangeable with the maytag 1c11b?
Does anyone happen to know if this ice maker would properly install into an "Amana TSI22VW" refrigerator?
does this include the bucket?
Does this unit need to plug into an outlet?
What are the dimensions of this unit? The description says 1 x 1 x 1 inches, clearly that can't be right.
how would yoy change the filter? it looks like you can!t get to it ?
does this unit have filters that need to be changed?
Does this unit have a light?
why does ice taste funny
Is it a good product, a good machine. If I buy this and it dies in shot amount of time, my husband would have a fit.
What is a cycle? Is it one tray or until full?
What is the "PTC" listed on the drawing? Compressor tries and fails to start.! start cap? Is it replaceable by knowlegeable individual? Do you sell
3 sizes of ice. How long to does it take for each?
do i use tap water in the machine?
Is it comparable to nugget ice (chewable ice) machine that you see in hospitals?
My ice maker is making really loud high pitched noise when going through its cycles
Does not reset??
Lights flash and won't reset??
1/2 vs 3/4 horse power
Can I install it myself?
Does this unit come with the disposal elbow and the dishwasher connector or do I have to buy those as extras?
any plastic parts, i.e. case body.=?
what about the dishwasher connection?
what type of power cord
My new 1/2 HP unit has an electrical smell after use, unit is getting pretty warm but no circuit breaker trip as yet. Replace?
Is Waste King made in the USA
It works in a network 220 V? If isn't present, what model works in a network 220V?
What does continuous feed mean?
what is battery life of the lr44?
Can this be used in a room you want to be used as a root cellar?
I'm using this device for humidity readings for car racing. Will it work?
I am more interested in the temperature measurement
What are the diminsions?
is this electric or battery powered?
What kind of batteries does it use?
How fast does it change?
Is this unit self contained i.e., no external sensor wires?
How is this mounted? I want to use it on my motorcycle and mount it to the inside of the fairing. Can I use velcroe or two-sided tape?
will this Whirlpool Dishwasher Latch Handle Assembly fit my amana model #ADB1500AWW
Will this work with the amana model adb1500aws?
Will this work on my Maytag Dishwasher model MDBH980AWS1
Is W10130695 the correct latch for a Maytag MDBS561AWB1?
Does this have the assembly and the latch? Thanks
Is this the part I need for my Maytag dishwasher, model MDB4621AWS0?
arrival time
Will this latch assembly fit maytag Model #MDB6650AWW ?
Should these be used with outlet covers or without? We have a home with standard receptacles and plastic covers that go into the slots now.
My first time buying outlets, if I get these will I need to know anything about the ones I'm replacing or are these sort-of universal?
How do these work? I have a new house full of them and I cannot plug in a 3 pronged plug into any of them.
can the two sockets be wired separately? i am building a temperature control box and need to independently power two sockets
Is this a 10 pack or single outlet?
Can I replace a two prong outlet with this one?
How flexible is the duct? Is it possible to push it radially?
Thin/flexible duct causes fires, death? Use semi-rigid instead?
Can you cut it easily to your need? I need about a foot.
how do you clean the duct?
Does it fit on a 4 inch dryer vent? I purchased a similar looking product at Lowes and it just does not fit over the vent in the dryer.
Isn't this flammable?
Any chance this will hold up as the arms on a 4 year old's robot halloween costume?
Can you connect two together? The distance from the dryer to the vent is longer than 8 ft
so any way to remove this mold? just replace the rubber gasket/lining? apparently not easy to re-insert...
is the pedestal designed to support the stackable washer/dryer or only each unit separately unstacked?
where do you put the bleach
lg 30" convecion wall oven
problems with fans?
Can the oven racks be removed and adjusted for baking large items
May I know what is Org.?
any problems with this oven so far??
Has anyone purchased this oven recently?
How many bottles of wine can it hold?
How much height do you have for the top two shelves? Can you fit beer or gatorade bottles in both spaces, or does the lower shelf have less space?
will this hold champagne bottles?
Are the shelf heights adjustable for this unit? Thanks!
Is the wine rack removable? Could it be removed and then more cans/bottles be stored in its place?
Could this be used to hold only cans of soda or is the wine rack a permanent feature?
Can I either choose or change which side the door opens from?
My heigh clearance is 35.5". Are there leg pegs on the bottom of the fridge I can remove? Or is this fridge really 34" height as specified?
Does the refrigerator lock?
Can you pull the shelves out to customize space in the unit for say a gallon of milk?
HOW IS IT INSTALLED
Is this NIST certified? Can it be used to monitor vaccine temperatures?
mine beeps all the time, what is that about????"??:
Will this alert me if the temp drops below a specific mark? I want to use it in my house to alert me when I'm sleeping and if the heat is not working.
Is the alarm temperature setting adjustable?
Loyal WMS4-C000674 Braided 3/8-Inch Washing Machine Connector, Stainless Steel. $6.21 Is this sold as ONE hose or TWO hoses? Is it a set? Thanks
What is the country of origin?
Will they fit a Kenmore washer?
are these hoses lead free?
How long have you had your hoses and have you experienced any leaks or leaking fittings?
these are used for hot and cold water coming into the washer - what do I need for water being pumped out of washer? thanks in advance
when I was turning off the water by turning clock wise water started to drip out is that normal? thanks in advance
the connectors 3/8 " or 3/4" heading says 3/8 and description says 3/4. opening of faucet mouth is 3/4+brass=3/8, these what i need?
I'm ordering one of those little washer/spinner things. If it's close to the water supply, is this flexible enough to fit in the small space?
Can these be used for both hot &amp; cold?
I need freezer to just keep ice bags in that?
What is the right temperature setting for an upright frost free freezer (Frigidaire)
can the freezer door be reversed to open the opposite direction?
can this freezer be used in a commercial kitchen? I live in Columbus Ohio
will this work with a Honeywell TM005X Wireless Indoor/Outdoor Thermo-Hygrometer (Old Version)
Is this compatible with the Meade / Honeywell TE923W ?
what is its accuracy?
does it make crush ice
how do you add water
Is it possible to safely make ice without the small clear plastic gasket in the drain opening? Or will it leak all over?
I need heavy duty for about 50 people which do I need
Does it use tap water or is filtered water necessary?
Does this unit make the small "nugget" ice--like you would find at a hospital?
How small is the ice on the smallest setting? Is it comparable to Sonic ice?
What is the hazmat code for this device? I need to ship it to Tortola.
How many watts?
Are the cubes clear or cloudy?
Does it serve crushed ice?
Can I purchase extra plastic stops for the drain, I have a fear that it can get lost very easy. if yes how and where
How loud is this ice maker?
Will this hook up to a water cooler?
is it 12 volt
What kind of filter does this have in it.
what kind of warranty does this ice maker come with?
Is the ice like the soft bullet ice that you find at some restaurants? It crushes so easily like it has air in it? Thank you
How much is the size difference between small and large cubes? I got a machine yesterday, and there doesn't seem to be much difference in size.
It says it produces a "batch" of ice in 15 minutes. How many cubes is that (medium size)?
How much noise does it make when running?
Is this unit AC only or is it AC or DC
Can this unit run on 12V DC?
what the difference between waeco and dometic?
how many quarts does it hold?
will it operate on 110 and 240 volt like the CF 110?
Is this metal inside and outside? Can you have both AC and DC plugged in and it will auto switch over from AC to DC when AC power is off...and from DC to AC when AC power comes back on (this is for my RV...I have a generator and an inverter and switch...
What are the actual outside dimensions? This website has conflicting information.
Do you need to chill it down on AC before switching to DC? Will DC bring the temp down from room temperature?
How much current does it draw on DC?
our Kenmore dryer is a 110 60712990, will this work?
our Kenmore dryer is a 110 60712990, will this work?
will this fit for model 110.66902691
Dryer heats but wont turn off just keep running. Not sure what part I need thermostat?
I need a thermostat for a kenmore electric dryer model 96575100 do u have this
Is this part the equivalent of the Estate thermal cut off #279816 --- it is an older model, looks exactly the same but??
I have a older Kenmore dryer and need a heater thermostat part# 341195. Is the one available or an alternate that will perform the same job?
is this item "Whirlpool Part Number 279769: CUTOFF-TML' work for kenmore dryer model 11064992300
i want to know if the above mentioned part can work in the microwave
do you have thermal fuses for ge microwave/part 1103ksd-150lc
Are the shelves spaced wide enough apart that cake layers could be cooked on the rack?
Does this come in its own box? I'd like to give it as a gift and want it to look new (rather than presenting it in an Amazon box).
Will this hold half sheet commercial pans?
Is the height of the racks adjustable?
will it sit on the floor of the oven or does it need a rack?
Does this rack come with the individual cookie sheets for each layer? Are they attached?
can you remove any of the racks?
Will a 15 1/4 by 10 1/4 inch cookie sheet fit on all three levels, since I have to buy new ones to use this?
What is the bigest size you carry ?
what size is the spacing between the racks?
How do you clean the surface of a bertazzoni x304ggvx oven ?
Is the Dual Fuel the better option?
How to clean the oven
How do you set oven temperture ?
Does it hold professional sized cookie sheets?
Black burner crates are made of what material? Are they black enamel?
does this plug into a regular outlet?
Dimensions of this machine
does it come with wheels portable?
how do I clear the filter on the front load whirlpool washer?
Is this compatible with a roper rgd4640yq to convert it to LP?
I have a Whirlpool WGD5500XW0, it is currently set for natural gas, and my new house is propane. Do I use this kit to convert it? Thank you!
Will this work in a kenmore model # 11071402312?
Is this compatible with wgd5600xw
Is this part compatible with Amana NGD4600YQ or whirlpool W10514176A
I want to convert my dryer from lp back to natural gas..are the orifices for natural gas?
is this part compatable with matag mgd4200
will this work for a Whirlpool WGD4800BQ0?
Will this work with Whirlpool WGD70HEBW 1?
Is this compatible with WGD8800YC?
will it work on glass cooktop ? I want to know from the manufacturer not just some one who thinks so
Would 4396096rbc griddle be compatible with my flat top electric stove #D41717691?
Does this sit on top of the existing "grill" of my gas range or do you take the existing grill off and set it in its place? Does this have legs?
I have a glass top but not with the extended burners. Since it's so long, will it work using 2 separated burners together?
Can I use it inside an oven?
will it work as a replacement for Maytag Model CDE852 Jenn Air electric range? Approximate open size of hole is 18 /2 X 10"
Will this work on an older gas range?
will this fit on the 5 burner whirlpool gas range
Where is made?
what is the diamentions of it?
Does the water travel through plastic? What is on the inner part that touches the water? I wonder if copper is better.
can you couple two hoses together to make one? need a longer length
Does it have a .25 Inch Fitting?
what is the size of this product?
1/4 by 1/4
Is this hose lead free?
If I buy this two pack, will I also need a drain hose?
Will this fit my WFW86HEBWH Whirlpool washer?
what is the diameter??
Will this hose work for a steam dryer?
Are these hose made in the USA
can this be used for refrigerator ice maker
does it automatically stop leak?
will this vent fit an electric 3.4 Cubit ft. whirlpool dryer?
Can this be used with a gas dryer. Thank You
Do you just cut this in half with tin snips and slide part of it back over itself and then tape it?
Is this 18" from the center of each opening to the other? Or 18" from the very end of the "box" to the other end of the "box"? I need to reach 17" from the exact center of each opening.
The photo doesn't show the other side -- can I slide one of the vent holes to fit a 12" space between holes?
Is the max length of 18" measured from center of duct output to center of duct input or elsewhere?
what is the minimum dimension it can be shrunk to? I need it to span between 5-9 inches.
Will this fit on a Kenmore gas dryer?
I have about 41/2" clearance. How much of this will the unit take up?
Will this periscope be long enough for Whirlpool washer model no.WTW4800XQ 27" measuring from the center vent? Thank you.
How to Calibrate??? Does anyone know if this can be calibrated ? 'Removed board; no means of setting temp.
How do you set the time? at first the time was accurate and now I can't reset/fix it.
how do you set it to display degrees F ??? mine does not have any push switches under the stand
How do you turn off the alarm?
Is there a back light? What is the warranty?
What kind of batteries does this take?
How to change centigrade to fahrenheit - instuctins in Japanese!!!!
found the f/c button on the back under the fold out stand can anyone read and understand those instruction?
How to Calibrate??? Does anyone know if this can be calibrated and how ? No adjustments found on circuit board.
what size is it?
What size ice does it make? I'm looking for one that makes small (like Sonic) ice. Maybe slightly bigger.
Do I need to shut off ice machine to empty ice basket? Instructions do not say
What is the size of the ice-maker?
Not enough characters for me to ask question - I've cleaned with hot soapy water and used disinfectant - which does work, but could I use vinegar...
Is a scooper included?
is this really 12 volt
Not working
How do you get it fixed?
Did anyone have mold problems inside the machine?
This items states free shipping, but when I go to check out it is adding a shipping cost of $5.58. Is this a free shipping item?
does it come with damper for backdraft and bird mesh
I have 2 bathrooms back to back. One vent is 3", the other is 4". Can I use this vent to tie both vent lines into? Its less work to use a single vent.
What is the dimension of the whole roof cap
What size is the collar, the round part that protruces into the attic and connects to flex duct?
I continue to have an ice or water puddle under the wide drawer in the refrigerator portion. Why is water pooling under deli drawer in refrigerator?
Ice maker dont work. Water come out but dont make ice
Samsungrfg297hdrs
i have ice and water under the deli drawer
What is (front) height when fully loaded with 12 cans? Shelf to top of can?
Can you stack these on top of each other. So if I bought 2 could I have them 2 high instead of 2 wide?
Could you use this for vegetable cans instead of soda... would the veggie cans fit properly?
No word is mentioned on how the rack is mounted???????
BEER Cans does anyone know if they fit. They are just a little wider then soda cans.
what are the diamentions ??
Can you stack two of these on each other?
does the top row of soda fall down to the bottom row when a can is taken out? or do both row roll forward separately?
how deep is this rack? my frig is smaller and I need one that is about 14" deep
The reviews are so varying. Is this product working correctly????
What batteries are required?
Is it possible to order a second indoor receiver so we can have them in two separate rooms? thanks
How long, on average, before you have to change batteries?
Where does it display the days high and low ?
what are the dimensions
What is the height of the numbers on the read out?
Is outdoor sensor waterproof.
What does the remote do?
Will it attach to wall?
how to repair t-1060 food waste disposer
why such divergent reviews???
the unit is jammed, resetting it does't help, how do you remove the object jamming it.
Does this model allow for a connection to your dishwasher?
Does it come with a cover, so this side of sink can be used as a washer? If not can I purchase the cover?
Where can I get a replacement sink plug for the Titan Food Waste Disposer?
Does anyone know WHERE can I find replacement cutters for a Titan T-1060 food waste disposer?
Is it compatible to Badger 500
where can I buy parts/
where to buy parts
will this pump fit my maytag to load model pav2300aww
will this fit model mav6257aww
will this fit modle pavt234aww
Will this fit matag MAV3905 AWW? THE ORIGINAL PART # FOR MINE IS AP4373022
will it work on a PAV3240?
does it fit maytag model MAV7551AWW
Will this fit mvwb400vq0 model number?
Will this pump fit model MHW600XW2?
will this fit my amana nav2335aww
I have a 2010 maytag centennial washer w10140921 and need a pump.can you tellme whichpart Ineed?
I have a Kenmore Elite refrigerator with replacement cartridge of 5231JA2006A. It looks identical to the replacement pictured. Would it fit?
I have a GE side by side refrigerator with filter model RPWF. Could you let me know if your filter work? Thanks.
does this fit lg side-by-side refrigerator, i.e. a replacement for 5231JA2006A
Does this fit Kenmore cold spot Model # 10658029801 refrigerators?
Will this fit a kitchenaid side by side refrigerator?
will this fit the Whirlpool Refrigerator Model Number GC5SHEXNS03
This won't work if my old "fastfill" filter has 2 connectors, right? Just want to be sure since can''t return it. thx
Will this PUR filter fit my top/bottom Kenmore Elite that takes Kenmore filter model # 9915 from Sears?
Is this filter made in USA?
4396508
Which one is this?
t1rfkb1
Is this Part 4396710 or 4396841
are fridge water filters universal? I have a kenmore fridge - and the filter is on the bottom left of the fridge look like what it is shown in the pic
DOes this filter work the same as the Kenmore Ultimate II?
what are the dimensions
will this filter fit a kenmore
Refrigerator water filter for Maytag Refrigerator model #MSD2574VEB10
is it 2 pack
Will this fit in the Whirlpool White Ice Side-by-SIde referigerator?
The picture illustrates this part as 240v but I need to make sure it's 120v. Can you please tell me if this part is 120v?
Will this work on a gas dryer? Or just electric? Part says 240 V.. my gas dryer is 110.
purpose of thermo fuse
Is this a Genuine OEM Whirlpool part? Mine (from Supply Edge) was not Whirlpool branded on part or bag like the rest of my Whirlpool repair parts.
my model number is 110.76915110 original pt no. is 342763 will this part sub or do you have another part that works?
is this the same part as for the kenmore oasis themostat
can this be used on inglis led4400vq1 dryer
It seems that i need a thermostat and thermal limiter for kenmore compac dryer. The Sears part numbers are 3398128 and 343607. Same as yours?
Can this thermostat be the cause of the timer not advancing ?
How many dead bodies can I store in this thing?
is this energy star rated?
What are the interior dimensions of the freezer?
wheels
What is the energy use?
how much does it weigh
why is my Danby 700 making so much noise?
How hot does it get on the outside? I'm keeping it inside the house not in the garage, so it is a concern
can you plug it into a regular outlet
I live in the northeast and was wondering if anyone has this in their garage or breezeway? Don't know if it can take the temperature swings we have.
Will this work with model number: LDE5910ACW Maytag
Will this work on maytag model sde3606aym
does this element work in maytag model NOSDE2606AYW
What is the resistance measurement in ohms on this heating element? The current OEM one I have reads 11 ohms and it blew a second fuse today.
Will this element work on a Jenn-Air model #JDE2000W?
We have GE GXRLQR installed in our recently bought house water tab and we need to replace the filter. Is there a special one for regular water faucet?
Not so much a question, but an observation: the GXRLQ "system" is $2 cheaper today. Check it out before you buy the refill?
My model number is GFE29 HSDASS what is the correct filter?
GSWF
i replaced my GXRLQR filter but no water comes out. how do i find out what went wrong?
Will this fit my Matag dryer modle # SDE2606AYW ?
will it fit maytag bravo 300 series dryer?
Will it fit MDE2706AYW Maytag super size dryer?
Which lint filter would be the one for a Maytag dryer model # SDE3606AVW?
Will this screen work with Dryer Model LDE7334ACE?
Will this fit a maytag sdg515daww?
Will this lint filter fit my Maytag model MED 9800 TQO?
I need a dryer filter for model no. MCG800AWW
Will this fit a Maytag 747G? This comes up as a match when I do a search for it.
Will this fit Maytag model MDG308DAWW?
will this fit a Kenmore Elite 110.24942301?
I need a pigtail plug in for lid switch my other one melted
i need on the right side
ANY REVIEWS ON WHIRLPOOL WTW 4850BW?
Have a LSW9750PW3 washer. Picture slightly different but same switch. Right?
Will this fit a Kenmore Elite 110.26962502?
will this fit a Whirlpool Model # WTW5500SQ0?
Will this fit the Kenmore Series 90 Washer model 110.28922790
Will this fit Jenn-Air cooktop model# 2375 90ERS?
what were the with for the jenair in 1982
Will these pans fit model JES9860AAW ?
Is the outer diameter of the pan exactly 6 inches? The ones on my 6-year-old Jenn Air are actually 6 1/4".
is this one item, or two drip pans?
What glue should I use to connect the felt back to the trap?
We have Whirlpool Cabrio, Model #WED5550XW0. Need a new filter but don't know which one to order. Thx
Will this fit Whirlpool Duet W10270752A or SP? Thanks!
Will this filter work for Whirpool duo dryer WGD9450WU?
Is this compatible w/Whirlpool WED9200SQ0? The outer shape appears to be the same but original filter does not have the vertical bar down the middle?
Will this be compatible with my GEW9250P Whirlpool Duet? Thanks!
Does this fit the Kenmore
does this fit a maytag 3000 series dryer?
does it fit Whirlpool dryer WED9400SW
Will it fit Whirlpool Dryer WED9500TW2?
i have an older modle whorlpool dryer mn ler5636pqo will this part fit?
I've a older model LER5636JQO will this part work?
Is there a warranty
Will this item work for my Kenmore dryer model #11066652501?
Will this work with a Kenmore model# 11068322700 ?
Hi I have a 70 series dryer model 110.66732500 will this work on it? Thanks
Is this element compatible for a Kenmore 400 dryer model # 11069422801? the Sear part number is 3403585 but your element was linked to it on a google
Will this part fit my whirlpool dryer model WED5850SW0?
will this fit my whirlpool dryer model ler4634eq0?
will this work for a whirlpool dyrer model ler4634eq0?
Is this one work with Whirlpool GY396LXGQ5
Is this one work with Maytag MER5751BAW?
Is this one work with model RCC3024
is it 6 in, 8, 10 in?
is this ok for whirlpool model RF366PXGN 1 right rear burner
What is the size of the refrigerator shelves?
What is the cu. ft. capacity of just the freezer? Also just the refrigerator? One review sounds like compartments might do either/or
I bought this and plugged it in 48 hours ago, but it's still not cooling anything... any suggestions on what to do?
The pictures show an icemaker, is that included?
Can the freezer and refrigerator sections be swapped, so the smaller top section can be used as a refrigerator and the larger lower section a freezer?
Will these knobs fit whirlpool clean top range,model no. rf376pxyq4/
will these fit our kenmore pro range duel fuel Model# 790-79623700
Will these knobs fit shafts shaped like an 8 (fill in the loops) seen from above? Please only reply if you have DIRECT knowledge to answer. Thanks!
Are they the push in and turn type knobs for the stove top?
How many come in one order?
Does this knob fit model RF363PXPT-0?
What shaft shape do the stovetop knobs expect? I have a D shaft with the fat part of the D pointing to off.
will these knobs fit model RF360bxyw-1
Another question, can they replace knobs from a model #AKH35. I don't mind paying the $8.00 +for 4 burners, but you can keep the oven knobs
Are these black? Almost look dark green on my screen/
how do you start Frigidaire electric stove to clean oven? old stove no manual put both buttons on clean set start time and off time nothing happened.
What can be done if one of the bakeing elements end break off in the stove
Does this baking element fit the oven model REG74HB*2?
WHERE CAN I FIND THE MODEL NUMBER
Is this the correct element for the ES300 oven?
Does this element fit WEF350SADC?
Does this part fit model no. FEF366ESF?
Does this part fit model number: FEF364DSE?
will lint screen filter 339392 fit lint screen lg5651xmwor a whirlpool dryer
Is there a cheaper replacement for Part No. PS898441?
Will this filter fit my Roper Model # REX3514PQO, Serial # MR5151287 ?
Will this work on my Whirlpool LER4634EQ1?
Will this fit a vintage Whirlpool LPE5510W0? Thanks!
Does it come with the handel to remove it?
Will this fit a whirlpool WEP5100VQ0?
will this fit a whirpool ultimate care II?
I am wondering if this will fit a Maytag dryer Model number MGD5870TW0
Does this include the handle? The picture does not seem to...will this fit the whirlpool dryer model LDE5750W1? And will this fit the model c
What are the dimensions of this item?
How does the stool roll on tile floors?
I have a really old one with the three treads on the bottom ... where can I get replacements for the treads?
I am looking for PART NUMBER: 318177710 and this items shows in my search results for it, but I can't find it listed anywhere on this listing. ?
i have a frigidaire model fgf366ccb,will this part work on mine?
is it true, you are not supposed to touch the element.
How much current does the igniter draw? (I depend on solar power)
what does this part do.my gas oven wont heat up on bake.will this part fix the problem?
Will the fit in my range Model fgf326wgsg
I have a frigidaire gas range FGFLZ87GCA. Will this igniter work?
Will this work in a Frigidaire ES340 gas range
will this work for NXR range?
will this FGF5303935066 fit a Tappen oven w/part #WCI5303935066
Does this ice maker replace # 106 626663 ?
Will this work with a Kenmore Refrigerator #106.50522100 ?
253.54622402 model kenmore aka galaxy fridge icemaker, will this one fit/work as a replacement? thank you!
Will this replace the icemaker in a Kenmore Elite 10658966700
Is this equivalent to Whirlpool Model ED2VHEXVQO0
will this work with a kenmore refrigerator 1069758615
Is this the kenmore icemaker for the elite--replacement part 231504
will it fit a Kenmore Coldspot side by side?
will this fit my 1998 sears kenmore refer model 106.77292790
Will this be easy to install in a 2002 model side by side kenmore refrigerator ?
will this work for model 10651512100 and does this kit provider conection directly to home water line
I've installed this valve but it didn't fix my problem. Included is plastic tubing and fitting, but no instructions on how to install.
will this work with kennmore 10659509990?
water supply conection part # for refrigeretor kenmore 10650564991
Will this work on model 72383?
Hi will this replacement work for Kenmore ED2FHEXNS01? Part no. 2188708
will this work for Kenmore model 106.74209402 ?
will it work for model 106.54789801
will this water valve exchange with 2315534 ? thanks Tom
Will this work for ice maker and water or just water only? Thanks
Hi: How long is this part? We have a Samsung fridgel RS265TDRS and are plagued with the freezing problem. Thanks!
Can it fit my Samsung RF26VAB model? if yes, I go buy it.
Can it be used for model RF217ACPN/XAA
does this wok on the RF217acbp/xaa model fridge? If it is bad, would that cause the fridge to not start at all and a relay to click?
Is this an actual 131763245 and not the replacement 131763202? I want to install it on a Frigidaire CRTR9300ASO.
Does this fit the Frigidaire affinity model #FAFW3511KWO?
Does this work on model FAFW3511KR0?
Does this fit model FDB251BLCC1?
Need door latch assembly for FDB251BLCC1 MFG# 74005675?
Will this fit my Frigidaire Affinity Front Load Washer Model #LTF6000ESI ? Thank you
My door lock light comes on but door is not tight and washer won't start. Do I need a new door lock latch assembly?
I have a frigidare front loading washer Model LTF6700fso I need the door latch assembly will this one fit my machine?
Do this fit the Frigidaire Washer model# LTF2940EEO have anyone put it on this washer before.
does this fit model ATF6000FS2
Does this product have three sides or four sides? I need to know if the back is open or closed in?
This product is described as 16" in 2 places and 15" under product dimensions. Which is correct? My bin is 15" and I can't seem to find it.
Will this work with Fridgidaire M/N: frs6lf7fma?
does this bin works for frigidaire model #PLHS67EGSB1. its the professional series lowe door bin
Is This Door Bin a match for FRS6HR5HMB5
Hi. Is this compatible with the Frigidaire Model # PHS69EJSS2? Thanks!
Will this work for Kenmore Model # 596.79279991, Part # 12442201? I only need the motor.
will this replace a frigidarre 5304442620 ?
Will this work as a substitute for a Frigidaire 242077701 Blower Motor?&#xFEFF;
Frigidaire BFPT44F4LB 4.4 Cu. Ft. Compact Refrigerator - Black . will this evaporator motor work on this model, thanks
what is the amps?
will this fit model GLHS37EHSB2
where are your motors made?
I want to assure that this fits my kenmore dryer, part #3395654... I seen a review that they bought for a 3395654 &amp; did not fit, was shipped wrong one
what is the warranty of this item?
I have a Amana LE4317W2 dryer will this work in it?
What are the dimensions for this one? It looks the same as what we currently have but have no part number to compare. Our Amana is model# NDE2335AYW.
I put this in an amana DLE330RAW, and it works,but seems to be too hot. any ideas?
Will this work in an amana heavy duty dryer model# LG8319w2 serial #s9701044026 manufacturer #PLG 8319w2 .heating element
Have an Amana ALE643RBC -- 10114226AL 7.1 Cu Foot - will this work? -- or what Part #?
Does this work in a Amana NED7200TW model?
will this fit Model #LE8317W2?
This part brings the thermostat and install cables?
Is this compatable with a Maytag model SDE4606AYW heating element?
Hello. Can you tell me if the Amana Electric Heatng Element 61927 kit is a replacement part/fit an Amana Model # LED20AW?
Does this fit samsung model RS575 &amp; RS577
Does it fit a Samsung Refregerater # RS2533W
Can someone tell me if this Ice Maker will fit my fridge model RS27FGRS? Thanks.
can someone tell me how to replace samsung da97-02203g ice maker. i see 2 screws that all
Does this fit the Samsung RS2577SL/XAA?
does this ice maker fit refrigerator model rf266abpn
Does this fit model RS277ACRS
is this compatible with RFG238AARS?
Does it fit a samsung rs267labp ice maker
I have ice maker model ntgt001ta1 Will this fit? Refrigerator model is RS26WUNS
The water works fine after replacing the filter, but the ice maker is not producing ice. Help?
does it fit french door
Why is the dispenser light on the door still red and not blue after the pureadvantage water filter has been changed?
does it fit model # JSI26
Will this filter work for a frigidaire model# frs26dr7d57 with a serial #LAS1602103??
Does it fit the Kenmore Pro 253 series refrigerator?
how do i tell when the filter needs to be changed? -puresource ngfc 2000
why does it have a vent hole..do they all have that or do i need to know which one my washer takes? i have ghw9200lq
will this part works for a GHW9400PW0 model?
will this fit my whirlpool wfw9400sw04
Does it have a 5/16 vent hole?
Is this compatible with my whirlpool LXR7244JT2?
will this fit model LSQ9200LQ0,whirlpool
Will this work for Whirlpool LSC8244EQ1 washer? Thanks
How do you change it
will this fit Roper washer model RAB5232EW1?
Does any one Know If this Is Compatable With a Roper Washer Model # RTW4641BQO?
is this compatible with my whirlpool model # lsr6332kq?
will it fit model # lsr8010pq2
Will this part fit Estate washer modelTAWS800JQ1
Is this compatible with LA5550XT Washer / Part #3352629?
Is this compatible with a Maytag Neptune MDE3000AYW?
Is ths compatable with "heating element lde304acm
will this heater element fit a maytag dryer model de612
Is this compatible with a maytag de303?
Is it compatible with Maytag model # MDE6800AYW
Will this heating element fit a GDE309? Thanks!
Would this fit a maytag mde9700ayw?
Is this for 208v or a 240v dryer? Thanks.
Is it compatible with the Maytag LDE 713 model? It appears to be the same size and shape.
is this compatible with Maytag LDE482 dryer
Is this a replacement for part number 8557850 or 348846. I have Kenmore dryer model number 110.64672400.
my old filter : L 21 W 7'' . 'THIS FIT ?
will this screen filter fit a roper dryer
COLORS?
will it work for model #11062722101 #348850?
Is this screen the Almond color?
Is this a replacement for a Whirlpool W10071550A DRYER RACK? Will it fit?THANKS
will it fit model # GEW9878PWO 8557857(LINT SCREEN NUMBERS)
Is it compatiable with whirlpool dryer# Model - WED6400SW1
I need lint filter for my Kenmore 80 series dryer. It needs to be 20 1/4" in length and 7 1/4" wide with a white handle. Will this one work?
Does this come with instructions on how to replace the coupler?
Does this come with 3 or 4 of the little white pieces? Mine needs 4!
Will this work on a GE portable dishwasher model: GSC3500N10WW. Sure looks like the same part our's currently has. Thank you.
Does this part fit Whirlpool Dishwasher DP840SWSX0? It looks identical, but I would like to know for sure.
Although I have changed the rubber gasket inside the nozzle, I still have a leaking problem. Do you have any suggestions?
what is the black rubber piece for. When I took my other one apart it didn't have it??
Will this fit a Maytag? It sure looks the same.
inside is a white o ring sits on top of the rubber gasket underneath the white teeth. Do i needit if i get this is kit? Mine has broke.
Can this work on a non threaded faucet?
I have a Maytag model MDC4560Aww1 dishwasher. Will this kit work on my drain fill hose?
Is this compatible with Whirlpool Mod# WDT910SAY3?
I have model W10461429A, is this the right part?
Will this element fit a whirlpool gu1500xtlB2? And do I need to order replacement rubber washers..etc?
Does this just plug in?
I have a Model-KUDS01FKSS0-Kitchenaid-Dishwash... this work?
Is this part OEM - and if it is why would it be melting the bottom of dishwashers? - Bad Temp Sensor?
Will this fit a kenmore elite 665.16463300?
I have a Kenmore model 665 17032402...will this be the correct one?
I have Whirlpool Quiet Partner3 with the serial #FT5101251 &amp; model #GU2455XTSQ1. will this heating element work on this machine. Thank you
This item came up in my search for "8268559" heating element for a Kitchenaid KUDI01TJBL0.I don't see why the search brought it up but it looks right
Whirlpool XHP1550VW 15.5" Storage Pedestals (White) If you have both the washer and dryer do you need to order 2 of these or does one support both appliances?
Would this work with the whirlpool duet sports front load washer and dryers?
Will it fit Series 3000 Maytag washer and dryer?
Will this work with a whirlpool duet wsw95hedw without having to drill holes, etc.?
Will this fit LG washer/dryer combo machine?
Hello. will this work on a maytag mhw4000bw1 washer? thank you
Would the two pedestals fit Maytag 5000 series?
Will these work for Maytag 2000 series washer and dryer?
Can you use one pedestal with a stacked set of Whirlpool Duet Sport wash and dryer?
Will Whirlpool XHP1550VW pedestal fit Maytag Maxima Model #MED5100DW?
Does this have to be ducted or can it be used just to recirculate air?
Is this ductless too?
what are the actual measurements? is it really 36" or under, most cabinets cant fit exactly 36"
How do you find the noise level on low, med, high?
Is it really 12. 4" high?
can it be vented vertically out of back
I am wondering if this wall cap fits 3" round duct since I could not make the hole larger?
I need to replace an end cap that no longer stays closed. Will this Broan 885BL model slide inside of an existing 4" round duct?
How long is the tail on this vent?
Does it have the bird catcher mesh? Picture doesn't show. Thanks
Can the bird catcher screen be removed so this hood could be used for a dryer vent?
Does this hood require a wall outlet to plug into or how is it wired?
I need to mount a vent hood about 28-30" above the cooking surface. Will this greatly impact the efficiency of this vent hood?
Does the unit come with the ducting or does that have to be purchased separately?
Is the underside stainless steel as well? If not, what color is it?
Does the RP130 have lighting? I didn't see any specs for lights.
Does the recirculating unit come with this purchase, it states that optional recirculating provided but differing comments found...please help.
Can this unit be wall mounted?
does this have a light
Can this be converted to recirculating?
Can this unit be installed with a recirculating kit? Can't vent outside.
What is the length of this cord?
Do I need this for the kitchen hood installation?
what is live and what is neutral
I have an Air King hood range that needs a power supply cord, would anyone know if this power cord could be used across a different brand?
What will fit an Amana 20 Model bc20kw?
I need a frdge door gasket for Model Number BX20QL Can you tell me the part number that fits
need door seal amana TX21VC product #P13159005WC
will this fit model # tc20g-w mfg #p75535-3ww?
how do I get the smell out?
How do you get the fabric softener to run out
have there been issues with cracked tub?
How long are each of the cycles and how many wash/rinses or soaks are with each one? Can't find anything on mfg website with details of the 6 cycles.
says filter is with the manual, but wasn't. There's a blue housing with mesh cover installed. Is this the filter or housing for an insertable filter?
If I were to get one of these, can't I just change the water temp by doing it manually from the faucet, like I do with muy existing machine?
Does the "Gentle" Program actually propel the load less vigorously than the other Programs, i.e., "Standard"? Or, is it just shorter?
hookup: Is it possible to hook this machine up to a regular Washer/Dryer hook up area?
dryer to go with it?
Still running after 3+1/2 yrs. Has anyone dared to unscrew the bottom of the washbasin to check for hair/lint buildup?
How do you remove the drain hose for storage without water splashing all over the floor from the lower opening?
Is me, or does the plastic top turn yellow after a couple of years? mine has!
is the tub stainless or????
Is this 12 wide by 17 high?
Is anyone that's given a positive review using them against an uneven wall? Like typical vinyl/wood clapboard siding
How cold canit get and protect the spigot?
What are the dimensions of the opening?
Is this the version with the rubber band + clamp, or the one with the threaded hook + nut? The small preview image on this page shows the threaded/nut version, but the large image shows the rubber band.
How cold can it get outside and still protect the faucet?
btu rating?
How does it do on low, like a simmer? Other brands have issues
Does a regulator come with the cooktop?
Does this item comes with 1 year manufacturer warranty?
Is the black made of glass or is it ceramic?
does it have a down draft?
Does it come with a gas regulator and a gas connecting cable? If so about how long is the cable?
Ignitors say manual, so you have to use a lighter every time for flame?
How hard is the stainless to keep clean? Is it really stainless steel or a stainless steel look.
Does Bosch have a downdraft system
is the base one continuous surface or is there a ridge between the center and side burners?
Will it burn LP?
is it made of ceramic or glass
Will be placed in laminated wood countertop. A 3.5 in clearance from the back wall and ref rig. Is there any danger from flames ,heat on surfaces?
is there a cover available for the Ramblewood high efficiency 2 burner gas cooktop(Natural Gas), GC2-48N
I want to install this product into a wooden counter top. Will this be a fire hazard?
Is this portable? If yes, where does the gas/propane plug in?
can it be converted to run on propane and if so what all is required to do so?
Is it CSA approved?
i don't have enough space for a exhaust hood or over the range exhaust microwave, any suggestions of product to provide exhaust ? is it required?
Can it to be installed above an under-counter fridge?
Hello, Does this cooktop have a propane conversion kit? Thank you!
can you use this for outdoor too?
How well does the downdraft perform? Do I still need a hood as well?
are the knobs on this model stainless steel to match the trim, or plastic like the all black model? Thank you
Do you need any additional items for the installation of the downdraft?
Can this be installed over a dishwasher?
Where does the downdraft go? Mine would be at one end of the counter with a built-in oven on the other side, family room behind and kitchen in front
How loud is the downdraft?
I'm putting in new granite countertops as well as the downdraft cooktop . . . does it matter which I do first?
Will this cooktop fit and work where there was a JennAire 2 burner/grill with the downdraft?
What size cut-out for this?
can this top be insalled over an oven?
What are the reviews of LG LDF7774ST
Why does the bottom rack goes off track often
leaking and ruining floor...not supply fittings ...what could it be ?
The spaces on both the lower and upper racks are so far apart that my dishes fall down unless it is so full that I can wedge them against each other. Does anyone have the same problem and/or a solution?
will this fit my jenn air s-160 range?
Does this fit Jenn Air Model S136?
Is this the same size as the A122?
why it does not stay on high continually
Do you know if this will work for a GE...looks the same?? I'm not certain of the model #??
What size are the burners and what is the largest pot I can put on this stove top?
I saw a response saying this has white spots on it. The original does not. Is it correct that it has white dots on the glass?
Will the replace my A 100 cartridge?
The cartridge in the picture appears to have white specs therefore it would be a white, which would indicate it is model JEA8120ADW. Can you verify?
Will this work on my range with mfg id E25378?
I'm looking for this type of hose without the the flood control feature. Does this hose have one? If not I'll order it. thanks
Hi, can you please tell me if the measurements are accurate as listed? I want to order this item asap with the measurements listed. thx
how many cables come in package?
are all washing machine connection standard?
Can all washers use 3/4" hoses or do some require 1/2"
When it says "1/2 inch i.d.", is this the inner diameter of the stainless steel hose itself? I want small diameter hose for flexible movement. Thanks!
I need this for an extreme flexible hose need (OUTDOORS). Does anyone have a clue if this type of material will hold up well outdoors? Werid I know.
Are these lead free?
Is this considered a "fill hose"?
The picture doesn't look like the correct part. The correct part has tabbed sides as opposed to straight edges. Does this fit a dv410aew/xaa?
Is this the entire heating element as pictured, or just the coiled wire part? Also is it a genuine part? thank you
Using with an amana ned7200tw - i noticed this doesn't have the 'plug' on the end of the connectors like the actual models you find online?
Will this fit a DV410AER/XAA dryer?
Does it fit dryer DV209AEW/XAA?
HELLO, I HAVE A SAMSUNG DRYER, MODEL # DV306LEW/XAA. Will this heating element work for my machine? Please let me know, thanks!! Sussie
Will it fit whirlpool model number wed9750ww0
hi, will this fit a model dv338aew/xaa
does this work for Samsung DV337aeg-xaa
will this work for a model dv33aer/xaa 01?
I see two boards in the online photo. Do two boards come with an order qty (1)?
I see that these are rust-resistant. I'm sorry, I'm not that knowledgeable on metals and what not - does that mean its galvanized, like the other one?
Is it megnetic? Will magnets stay on?
The pack consists of two 16 x 32 panels, correct? Is it possible to order a third 16 x 32 panel?
I would like to use these for a backsplash. I need panels that are only about 20" tall though. Do you sell panels that would work?
Can these be mounted separately?
Can I cut these into a custom shape?
What's the lowest operation temperature of this freezer? Does it reach and maintain -20C?
removable shelves?
is this frost free freezer
warranty?
Does the door open in the front?
Is this freezer frost free or must it be defrosted?
This freezer would be put in a carpeted bedroom. Am I going to have soaked carpet when defrosting?
Is the inside large enough to fit a 20lb turkey with or without a shelf removed?
Can this be used in a garage. Is it ok in the winter? It would be against the inside wall of the house in the garage?
Ship charges to 60060 ?
How cold of a temperture can this freezer maintain?? I have a product that needs to remain at least -4 degrees farenheight
Can you freeze cheese?I am lactose intorerant.I found a cheese with no lactose.The problem is they charge a fortune for shipping in the summer so I wa
My wife wants a front loading freezer like this one, but he's not as flexible as she used to be, can anyone recommend a stand for this?
What are the dimensions? Need to know how it will fit in a small space.
Does this work for all samsung dryers?
Does this work for Kenmore?
I am not sure I need a new belt, but just saw online if drum moves by hand could be belt issue. My dryer turns on and acts like it is going to work then I hear a click when I hit start and nothing happens. Anyone with similar issue?
will this belt work on my model no DV219AEW/XAA samsung
I have a Samsung dryer Dv407agw/xaa -- will this dryer ribbed belt work? Do I need a 4ribbed belt or a 5 ribbed belt? Pls reply. Thx!!
How long are each of the utensil holes in the flip top? I have large utensil (1" base). Thanks!
Does the basket come in gray
would it fit for a frigidaire dishwasher? My dimensions are 21" 71/2" and 4"???
will it replace 154556101 basket ?
Will this basket fit Kenmore Elite model 665 16264400?
can the flip down lids be removed?
will this fit in the FRONT of the dishwasher instead of the side?
Will this basket fit Kenmore model 58715263900?
What are the dimensions of this item? Product info and product features above have conflicting infor.
what kind of water filter?
does the filter indicator light in the door panel stay lit all the time? does it fade in color when new filter is needed?
freezer temperature cold
I got this fridge in jul 2011 n the blue display panel is off in certain sectors! Do u have this problem too?
Can this be used outside the US with 220v ?
Is this a portable unit? Does it have to stay plugged in or can you charge it and then take it to different locations?
I see a lot about testing for CO2 levels, but what about testing for formaldehyde?
Does this meter track the CO2 level over time? or only tell you what the current level is?
Does this have USB port for data logging like theGlobal Sensors Green Eye Version?
Does it have an audible alarm? Can I change the set point?
What is the margin of error on this thing
Does this unit have external sensors?if so how many,am looking for one to use specifically in a Greenhouse.
please sir this item for grow indoor room or for hose ?and can me use 260v or 110v ?thank you
Please i need to know if this device can be used in 99.9 humid enviroments, my greenhouse go that high.
Do they have a adaptor from the old blower 6 in vent to the new 3-12 vent?
This is listed as an electric unit, however under your technical details fuel type says "Gas". Could you please explain?
I have a GE popup style vent for my island. This is much more attractive, but can I get the vent to match up with my existing ducting?
What is the actual dimensions, width and depth, of the cooktop surface? My cutout is 21 5/8 by 30 1/8. will this cutout work?
What type of pan do you use over the bridge?
What size cutout does this require?
We have a standard electric ceramic cooktop with a hood. Does the downdraft use up much space under cooktop? Where does vented heat go?
I have a Jinn air system with down draft, would this fit without any issue?
i want to replace same one , can u please explaine me how.
Is the inside of the door also mirrored?
Where can I buy an additional shelf?
Some of these products do not recess completely in the wall..sticking out as much as an inch. How much remains outside the wall on this?
What is the width of the bevel on the mirror? 1/2" or 1"?
My cabinet came without shelves! Shouldn't shelves be included?
What is the width rough opening?
xcould this hose be screwed into the existing exhaust hose I have on my portable air conditioner
Any issues with using this to exhaust a bathroom fan?
can 2 or more of these hoses be connect together? and can this be hooked up to the LG 14,000 btu Port AC
Is the vinyl translucent at all? I need something that doesn't allow any light in.
large is 20 feet? o 20 inch?
The odor is nauseating. Is there any solution to this problem? I plan to use this duct as an air intake for an indoor garden, not as an outake vent.
what is the circumference of the item?
What is the cutout for the granite width and depth
Can this cooktop be used to replace a Jenn-Aire downdraft stove, installed in a kitchen island? In other words, can the downdraft be made to work with the downdraft already in our floor for the Jenn-Aire, does it work the same way or is it entirely a...
Can this cooktop be converted to use propane?
I have this cooktop and need a replacement, but dont have or necessarily want the stainless ring around the edge of the cooktop. Do you have a black
Unit easy to clean? Heard gas-on-glass are hard to keep clean and become pitted. Those of you who have owned this for years, are you still happy?
Is the surface glass or metal?
Do you need to hire a professional for installation? And what the cost might be?
is this for propane or natural gas?
how far below the counter top does this sit?
are all the grates level or contoured?
Is the person in the picture baking a necklace pie?
Can these be used in a gas oven safely?
can you pull the oven rack out by using the rack guard?
Would these keep pans from sliding off the front of the rack?
Can you cut these to fit a "u" shaped wrack?
The ad. For this item said it is 18" long but one of the answers for this was 12.5" . Could you tell me what the real length is. Thank you Mary Lou
Are there any independent studies (ie not from DuPont) which confirm the safety(nontoxic)of the material? I've read that it flakes off when burned...
Does anyone ever use these on broil?
will these burn at high tempature
how long are the covers?
Can this be trimmed to size? I have an area that is 30" X 21 1/2" behind my range.
I feel stupid tonight. Is that one inch or 1/10 of an inch thick?I want to lay it on a counter. Thanks
My appliances are brushed stainless steel. Is the back splash shinny or brushed?
Are all edges the same..could I mount it "long side going up and Down" and it will look the same..
Is it magnetic
Can it be installed over ceramic tile?
what type of stainless steel is this???
Is this magnetic? I'm looking for something to display magnets on-- thank you
Does it come with mounting screws?
What are the dimensions of this item?
How do you know it is correctly calibrated?
my tap water (carbon and sediment filter) reads 000 . does that mean the tds is not working (just receuved it)
how do you calibrate this meter my water readings r "000" ?
Does it do degrees F?
would it be good for medical marijuana
would this be ok for testing water in my tropical fish tank,thanks
At what frequency does the filter need to be changed?
I just received this product and I notice there is no company logo, country of origin, or UL approval markings. Did I get a gray-market o knock-off?
My dishes have a white, chalky substance on them. Also, lately there's been an opaque, sticky film on them as well. Will this product fix my problem?
Where do I get replacement filters now that this company is out of business?
How does this mount under the sink?
does this replace kenmore 46-9010?
Is it a replacement for the Whirlpool 4392857?
is it compatible withe the kitchenaid side by side fridge
Does this replace NLC240V? Thanks for your help
does it work in a Whirlpool side by side refrigerator?
is this replace Kenmore wf-nlc240v
How is this different from WSW1 model
what is the difference between WSW-1 vs WSW-2?
If the wsw-2 filter is new, why is their a difference in price? $16.22 verses $14.94.
will this filter work in a kenmore side by side model #58787892.
are these reflector bowls 8 inch and 4 inch in size? What is the lowest shipping cost of this package to the Caribbean island of Barbados
will these fit a GE Hotpoint Electric stovetop?
I have a Roper electric stove. Will these fit?
Are these for drop-in Ge surface units?
I need drip pans with three slots for the burner frames to fit into. Are these set up for that?
My range is the GE Profile with 3 six inch and one 8 inch pan.do not see them here.What do I order?Do you recommend the porcelain over the chrome?
can you order these separate I need 3 6" and 1 8"
Will they fit Thermador?
Will these bowls fit an older Amana?
would you add one more oven knob, to make it five? and how much more, thanks.
magic chef compatible?
Will these fit a Tappan electric stove? Older model, no model number, 20 yrs +
commercial gas range
commercial gas range
commercial gas range
do these fit a thermador gas stove top?
will this replace a 700854-4 jenn.air knob?
Could you please tell me the diameter of the knobs?
would you add one more oven knob, to make it five? and how much more, thanks.
magic chef compatible?
Will these fit a Tappan electric stove? Older model, no model number, 20 yrs +
commercial gas range
commercial gas range
commercial gas range
do these fit a thermador gas stove top?
will this replace a 700854-4 jenn.air knob?
Could you please tell me the diameter of the knobs?
What is the difference between this filter and the EXPXXFIL0320 ?
is it 20 x 25 x 4 or x1?
Is this price for one filter or for two?
same part as the fan switch??
Is this a direct replacement for a Littelfuse 125V 2.5A 250VAC refidgerator door light switch?
Does this work in a sub zero 550, mine is from about 1994, the switch says littelfuse on it
will this switch work in a 590 Sub Zero refrigerator
hi--the last switch did the trick for light in fre subzero 511--will the same switch work for the fan switch?? looks to be same switch thanks
Will it fit a sub zero 611?
Can it be open and repaired or must it be replaced? I was able to open the connector side, clean &amp; it works fine. Not sure if this is a good idea.
will this fit a Viking Standalone Refrigerator DFRB364? It has 4 long 40w lights across the top front? The lights have all gone out and are not dead
will this switch work as the freezer light switch model #511
will it fit my ge refrigerator the part number on part is emb 607 50e3 or 11a125-250 vac help please
Will this icemaker work with any maytag refrigerator? The model number on the fridge is MTB1954DkR
WILL THIS FIT MODEL (P) MSD2641KEB ?
will this work on my magic chef fridge model number CTB1821ARW
Will this unit work on my RB193T Magic Chef refrigerator?
Will this part fit on my Frigidaire Dryer model # FDEB23RGS2?
will this work with firgidaire model LEQ2152EE0
will this part fit on model FER211AS2?
pls confirm it'll work for my Frigidaire #AEQ8000CFSO? Is it good quality?
Will it work with Frigidaire model GLER642A53?
Will this part fit Frigidaire model# FERB6600ESO
Hi. I have a Frigidaire dryer model# FDE336RES1. Will this fit my model?
Will this coil work for Frigidaire Model # FERB7800DS0
Will part 131475320 work on dryer model dedm-l-4
Hi, I wanted to know if this one will work with my frigadaire model#GLER331AS2 ?thank you for your prompt response
Will this belt work for model MDG9706AWA?
Is this a direct preplacement for Amana dryer belt 4049271? What is the size?
What is the actual length? Your 'Product Dimensions 8.7 x 7.1 x 0.3 inches', does not state anywhere near the length shown in the picture.
I have a Maytag Dependable Care Model LDE8414ACE. Will this belt work? I don't see the measurements listed of the part.
will this fit on a DE712 Maytag electric dryer
Is this perfect fit for Maytag MDG4806AWW?
Will this fit model pyet344ayw maytag dryer?
Is this product compatible with Samsung DA97-06317A
Does this filter remove fluoride from the water?
Hi, can you give me the shipping rates for France please ?
Is this filter compatible for LG model LFX25778
Is this product compatible with DA29-00003G? The description does not seem to indicate this but when I did a search, this product appeared in the list
What are the dimensions in inches or centimers of the bags themselves? All of the picutres show the BACK side of the box without that critical info.
Do these bags have the 4 holes to fasten to the compactor. Thank you.
Are these the same size bags as W10165296RP - http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001...
Do whirlpool bags fit viking compactor
is this vented and what do I need to hook it up?
How many inches from the back of hood till the front screws? My under cabinet board is only 11.5 inch deep.
how many sones is the noise level?
Does the Kaze 202 come in Black?
We need a low profile hood to mount above an island. Is this unit wall mount (we hope not)? Is the backside finished so that it can be left exposed?
what is the actual thick of this hood
Can this unit convert to ductless operation?
what is actual width of this unit?
What is the measurement for the mounting screws and also the duct opening? We need an online version of the installation manual to know the details..
The smoke is discharge from the top or from the back.
The self cleaning cycle won't work on my Maytag oven. It shuts off after 10-15 seconds. Micro switch was replaced-didn't help.
Will this work with a 1992 Magic Chef gas stove, model 34MA-3TKXW? Thanks.
Can anyone help with info to disconnect wire connector from oven to connector on sensor; this type has no clips on the outside to squeeze to release?
I ordered the long sensor but recieved a short one . Both have the same number. Is the short one able to replace the long one or do I need to return
picture shows 2 sensors, is this a 2pk? Also do any connectors come with sensors? Thanks
Country of origin?
are there two hoses and do they come with rubber washers for each connector?
are they 3/4 " connectors
What are the connectors made from? Brass or stainless steel?
do they come with the strainers in the washers
What is the inside diameter of the hose?? I would like to purchase hoses with a minimum of 1/2" or 5/8" inside diameter!
What is the hose ID?
Only a 90 day warranty. Doesn't sound too reassuring. Any long term use examples?
Does this work with Profile Wall Oven JT915 models?
this looks just like the probe for my kitchenaid # 9755542. Does anyone know if this would work for a replacement?
where to insert the oven temp.meat probe in the range model JGB760SEF2SS
Will this work for a kitchen aid KEBS278ABL-0
Is this compatible with GE Oven JK955SOF3SS?
Will this work on a Convection oven model# JVM192002?
Will this work with GE Model JGB920SEFSS? The GE website shows part number WB20X5050. But yours looks to be identical? Thanks in advance.
This looks just like my broken probe. I have a GE Profile Performance double wall oven Model # JT950C0A5CC. Will this work? I tried to research by
Does this work with GE Monogram range model ZDP304N P1SS?
Will this work for model # JGS968?
Does this fit a kitchenAid?
Is this an actual Maytag Brand? what is on your picture, is that what I am getting? I do not want a generic, Non-Maytag Filter.
what is the gallon ratting of this filter or is it A 1 year Filter ?
Is this compatible with Whirlpool 4396395 Refrigerator?
When I put this new filter in the water went down to extremely slow. Reinstalled and still really slow after running it for a long time. Anyone else?
My previous filter is Whirlpool 4396395. Will this work?
What triggers the "Replace Filter" indicator light, a meter or a timer? If it's a timer, isn't it likely that filters are often changed prematurely?
IS THIS THE SAME AS UKF8001AXX-200
what is the flow rate on this filter
Where does it fit in the frig?
I have a Broan model 688-H/663-H. Will this fit. How long is the blower wheel shaft?
Will this work with a Broan 683L-A
Will this replace model Nutone model 696ND-B or what will?
Is the plug polarized? (One prong larger than the other?)
Can you replace the motor assembly from the housing without removing the housing from the ceiling? Thanks
I have a Broan 678-G 267F-A, The Broan guide shows the part number to be 97015163. I cannot find it. Will this one work? Thanks
Noise level ?
Is this the replacement motor for a Broan 663-C/688-C? My condo was built in 1985 and the original motor is starting to make a clicking noise.
Will this fit a NuTone 663L/669L/"A" Unit circa 1995? I can't tell from the Broan parts guide either. Thanks!
i have broan modle 655 need fan motor an weel an heater assy
Do you have Nutone Kitchen Fan, Ser# 2R20454M,Model 118.012,RPM 1550, Volts 145,Amp .9, Watts 55 or a drop in replacement Kitchen Fan?
Does this motor fit in a NuTone Model LL6100? Or, has anyone replaced this motor successfully into a LL6100? Thanks
My broan range hood model is 42000EX-L, 220/240 volts, 50/60 hz, 2.5 amps, date code 89J, &amp; fan diameter is about 6". Will your item fit? Thanks!
What is number for replacement motor for Broan #509s Vent
will this fit model no.QL 100 series Broan range hood.
Does this model fit in Broan PM250?
i m looking for a fan sl 6200 hood
What are the dimensions?
I bought one of these and it has never moved from 60 degrees.It's 32 outside. Isn't there suppose to be a little coil thing on the back?
How do I mount it?
What is the diameter of this?
Would this do to replace Part No BK22496-1S, low-water-pressure valve, which I can't find anywhere?
have maytag washer modelmah6500aww will this valve work??
I have a Maytag SAV4655EWW washer. It takes forever to fill. I have removed the filter screens and it did not help. Can you give me the GPM stats?
I don't see the part no 2201274 for a Maytag LAT9316AAE listed on the page, but it sure looks like it'll work from the picture. Will this fit?
This looks as though it would work, but will it replace part number 22001138 for Maytag LAT9804AAE?
Will this fit Maytag LAT5004 LAT5005 washers?
What are the valve dimensions?
Compatible with part #206413 for Maytag washer SE1000?
Good Morning. I need To Know if This solenoid Can be use to Washing machine Samsung model WA11D3
i have a maytag model number mvwc200xw3 will this fit
This looks like an exact replacement for a 106-626636 is it?
Hello, I am looking for a replacement icemaker for my Kenmore side by side model # 59021991. Will this unit work with my fridge? Does everything I need for the replacement come in the box? thank you!
does this icemaker have the speed ice cycle like the original icemaker has? (might not be called "speed cycle", is setting for quicker ice making)
Will this product replace GE # WR30x10093 ice maker in my Whirlpool fridge?
How do you install the 4317943 Whirlpool icemaker?
Is this icemaker made by Whirlpool?
Will this icemaker fit a 106.59292990 sidebyside fridge?
will it fit a Kenmore Refrigerator model #10677992791?
Will this fit an ET1FHTXMQ01 Whirlpool Top Freezer Refridgerator
I have a Whirlpool refrigerator model # ED5GHEXNQ00. I am just making sure that this replacement ice maker is the correct one for my refrigerator. Th
will it fit with 4389195r part no. or Model No.106.8609912
will this replace an amana sxd25jw-p1104001ww ice maker
Will this replace a unit in a Tappan Model 95-1773? Thanks
I have a Norcold model 1200LRIMSS in my RV and I think it calls for a model #633324 ice maker., Will this unit work as a replacement ?
will it fit a 106 626649
WILL THIS FIT MODEL (P) MSD2641KEB ?
Is this a direct replacement for a Kenmore Elite 106.45423801?
Does this fit a kenmore elite side by side w10192868a
I have a GE side by side Model #GFSS6KKXASS wjhich has a samsung ice maker Model IMC701. Will this ice maker fit that?
Is this tv self-standing or does it come with a stand?
Does this tv require cable hook up .... or is the antenna it comes with sufficient to receive local channels?
Does it have FM Radio?
Again, how tall is the TV?
How tall is the TV? The specs list it at 8.8 inches but that doesn't sound right.
Does it come with a carry case
does this tv have a sleep mode?
Will this part fit on a Maytag Neptune MAH5500BWW Ser. no. A2997618CJ ? Boot 12002533
will it fit Maytag model# MHWE300VF00 ?
Matag Neptune washer bellow spring tool part number ?
Hi - will this boot 12002533 suit Maytag Neptune Washer model MAH7550AAW with boot part number 22003070?
Will this work to on a MAH6500AWW? Ours is original and moldy despite bleach treatments.
Not all water pumped out after wash cycle. The inner basket is dry but if you rotate the basket, you can hear the water remaining in the drum. What is the cause, or is that normal?
Does this fit MAH5500BWO? And does it come with the Spring?
is it gray or black
I have a older maytag Neptune before they added a drain to the boot. Will this newer version with drain still work as a replacement?
Was this washer boot sent flat or rolled up by Free_Shipping_LLC?
can the drawers be removed for storage of larger items?
Have you got a picture of it with the door open? I'd like to see the baskets.
What are the internal dimensions?
Can this freezer be locked?
does it have wheels or casters to move it easily
I see two different sets of outside dimensions in the product description. Can you verify which set of outside measurements is correct?
How long is the cord?
Are there shelves in the door?
Which side is hinge on? Is it reversible? How much clearance is required in back? Thanks!
How do you defrost the freezer...where does the water go??
Will this fit a Kenmore model 106.56542400?
Does this part is a replace part for A PC BOARD 6000499 ?
We have a Kenmore ultra fresh model 106.56666501, is this the right part?
Does this fit a Kenmore 106.53332300 side by side?
Will this fit a Whirlpool conquest Ref model: GS6SHAXKQ01?
Will this fit a Whirlpool # GD5RVAXVB00
I have a KSRB22FKSS04 Whirlpool side by side MFG date 08/03. Is this the right kit for that fridge and does it include both sensors?
Is this the control board for a Kitchenaid KSCK25FVMS00? Thanks!
will it fit Kitchen Aid side by side model KSRL25FRSS03 Thanks
Is this the right part for a Kitchen Aid KSRA25FKSS00
Does it come with the middle wash arm and tube and all the clips and parts?
Is the rack adjustable to lower one side for tall glassware?
How do you lower the side to accommodate tall glasses? Which tab is moveable?
Excuse my ignorance but is the 49" back to front or side by side? I only have a 36 inch wide space
how does the self cleaning preform
Is the power cord included ? Thanks.
I just bought the glass top stove....black.....no matter what I use to clean it it always looks smeared....any suggestions ??
what is the width of this stove
is this a convection oven?
Do the top burners heat evenly throughout the coils or heat from the center coils outward as the temperate is raised?
Will cast ironcookware scratch or mar the elements?
does it come in black?
Does this model have the Hot Surface Indicator Light and the Heating Element ON Indicator Light?
Does this work for Fruit leathers?
Are the holes small enough to keep corn from falling through?
What did you use to cut the netting into sheets? I have the round trays and since it is black, I cannot mark it with a Sharpie and cut with scissors.
what is it made of can you wash it
do you think the netting holes are small enough to keep wheat berries from falling through?
Why is the weight of the product listed at 1 lb. and shipping weight is 4 lbs.?
What material is the netting made of?
What is the width and length of the roll?
is this one sheet or a roll; if it a roll, how what is the length
What is the length &amp; width of this roll?
are they 2 in a pack are they flat black color
Are the extenders flat or shiny black finish? What about the one comment that they melted to the stove and were hard to remove for cleaning?
does it melt after a while?
I need a shorter length. What is the best method for cutting the plastic to avoid cracking and an unsightly edge? A jigsaw?
do you have this in color chrome and perhaps 22' or 21' in Length?
Are there two, one for each side or is this the price for just one and therefore you have to order two?
I am looking for a similar item in clear color, but can't locate one on amazon. Could someone point me in the right direction?
how long is it?
Do I get a pair for the price of 19.99
Is this available in white?
Does it come in pair? i mean for both sides ? Also is it made of silicone ?
What color is it
Does this have a magnetic strip to attach to the stove?
Is the black semi-gloss in color or dull? thanks!
I have a tiny gap. Any chance they won't fit the tiny gaps? I don't see the exact thickness in the product description.
does this come in white and how long are they
Can either of these be cut to fit i need it around the back also since the stove is in a counter island.
what is better on a oven glass top or burners
What color are these guards?
Can these oven gap guards be cut to fit if they are too long?
Is their 2 in a pkg?
what is the color, we need white.
how wide is this extender
is this an aftermarket or original .
How do you install the Whirlpool Dishwasher fill value W10158389?
is this part, w10158389 water inlet valve for sure in stock?
does this valve work on model du910pfgq1
Is this a brand new unused part (Whirlpool Dishwasher Fill Valve W10158389)?
does the tubing come with the plastic vents
What is the diameter of this duct vent and how long is it? I need to extend my portable duct which should be at least 8' long and 6" diameter. Do you have that size. It must be vinyl since it's visible. Thanks,
Will this docking system work through the laundry floor? Have short space from bottom of dryer to wall. Flex hose to crawlspace and alum.pipe out.
Is this a standard 4inch diameter vent system. Thanks.
what is the contact between two flanges? Or just two simple piece plastics?
Should the two pieces in which one is male and one is female to have nice fit?
Does it come with the dryer?
Are both pieces part of the kit, the two white plastic sleeves shown- one for the wall and one for the hose?
Does it connect w/ aluminum hoses?
i have the dryer dock but it keeps falling down the lower part why?
If the rack is facing the sink it drains into the sink, how/where does the extra slide out tray drain?
Would it rust?
Is it black?
Can the slide out tray be inserted from either side of the main rack?
Is the silverware tray easily removable to enable putting in the dishwasher to help prevent mold from pooled water?
Is the color a shiny chrome or brushed steel?
Does the spoon holder have holes in it?
Is the drain tray angled so the water goes into the sink &amp; NOT all over the counters?
What's the best way to clean the "white residue" that builds up on this? Had this for months now and I love it. Just want to clean the "hard water"
I don't have an undermount sink, would the drainer work?
The gap between my stove and counter is very narrow. How thick are they?
Does the counter and the oven need to be the same height?
can they be cut if your oven is less than 23 inches deep
Can these be made wider? I have a 5"gap between my washer and the wall. Can I get this product wider?
Will they stay in the gap well.
Is there a ,agnet to make it cling to the stove top
Are these a pair or just one?
Does this product work when the stove and counter are not even?
What material are these made of? Plastic, Metal?
My stove is about 1" lower than the counter top with about 1/2" gap between the two. Will this work? Thanks
Has anyone had trouble with the Frigidaire Gallery smooth top slide in range. When I turn on the oven the broiler lights and causes a fire in the ove
frigidaire gallery stove/fges3065kfc/is it any good?
Frigidaire washing machine
Does the dryer vent hose exit the rear of the dryer or out the top of the dryer??
how deep is this and what r other measurements
Do you guys generally leave the door open between loads? Is the seal easy to wipe out? I wash everything in cold so wonder if I'll get mold?
Does anyone have this installed on a wood floor? Any vibration or "walking" issues? If so, how did you fix them?
how low to the floor is the washer? do you have to get down on the floor to unload?
How long does the washer cycle take?
Will it fit into a 27 inch wide space?
Hi! Can I purchase an extended warranty from you as well?
what is the depth of this set? surely not 75 inches!
what kind of guarentees are there i.e. parts and labor for ------years
Does this replace Kenmore filter 5231JA2006
Does "1 Pack" have 2 filters. According to this website it is $29.45 for one pack and almost $120 for a 2 pack. doesn't make sense.
is this the lt600p?
Is it the same as 5231JA2006B
what water purification standards does this filter meet or exceed; for example is it both NSF 42 and NSF 53 verified?
Is this the same as LG filter 5231JA2006B-S? It's hard to tell by looking at the picture.
does it work for lg water filter 5231JA2006F
does this filter fit the LG model LRFD21855ST refrigerator?
Does it fit 5231JA2002A?
does this fit model# LFX31925SB/oo
Does this fit the Emerson 32 LCD model# LC320EM8A
Im looking for a Inverter Board A71FCMUT for a Emerson LC320EM82S will this one work? I notice your not mentioning the MUT number in the description
Will this part fit Emerson LC320 EM 82 note there is a number A71FFMUT is this board compatible with your model up for sale on amazon?
will this fit part 4396918 in Whirlpool fridge?
Will this filter fit Whirlpool fridge part # 4392857
Will this filter fit my Whirlpool GD5SHG Refrigerator Freezer?
is this a replacement for a whirlpool 4392857 filter?
Will it replace Whirlpool Filter 4396701?
can it use in place of a # 4396509 filter
is this compatible with kenmore 2203980?
Wiil this filter fit Kenmore part 10656536400?
WILL THIS FILTER FIT IN MY KITCHEN AID?
What is the difference between WSW-1 and WSW-2 filter models?
Will this pump work on Whirlpool Duet Mod # GHW9150PW0?
2 questions: Is this part that you are selling made by Whirlpool? And, what is the warranty on this item? Thanks!
Will this fit my Kenmore Elite front loader washing machine Model 110.44932200
How do you deliver this product (pump)? I do not recieve USPS at physical address and UPS does not deliver to P.O. Box.
Will this replacement pump Item 280187 fit my Whirlpool Duet Washer Model No. GHW9100LW1?
Should I use a 36" over a 30" range if there is room to mount it?
What is the depth? The description give the length at 36 in, but what is the depth of the appliance? how far out of the wall will it stick?
The vent in our current Broan is in the back and rectangular. Is there a replacement for it?
Is this finished on the backside or open? I need a vertical ducted hood to go over an Island that would be mounted to framed ducting. Thanks!
I have a Broan Model 1536 with a verical duct. Can this one will fit into the cabinet opening and the duct without adding any parts?
if the duct at my house is vertical can a piece be bought so it wil fit with the round duct?
does it have warrenty?
does it work with 220 volt electricity?
non vented?
I need this to be 23" but description shows 19"
How wide are they?
does anyone know of a stainless steel edging that fits over and under the sides of a glass cooktop? I guess sit would be almost a squarish C shape
how wide of a gap does this fill?
Actual length? 23" or 19"?
How many in a package?
You actually crank this. Does it crank easily or is your arm sore afterwards?
Does it get all of the detergent and softner out when rinsing the clothes?
How dry are the clothes after washing? One of the challenges I have with sink washing is it takes forever to air dry.
how many items fit in this product?
Would this be able to wash a pair of large men's jeans? I'm thinking of getting one of these for "in-between" washing.
Comparing this to the Laundry POD, this seems to not dry clothes as well? Can you not spin dry the clothes after a rinse?
can be used for washing shoes?
Do you have to hand crank this yourself?? I see a handle but confused as to whether its electric or self propelled by owner. Please help
Can you wash towels in it?
On a full load how much water (in gallons) do you need to fill it? Also will this work with powder detergent? (1 tablespoon also?)
Will this fit a mah4000aww ?
Will this motor and motor electrical board work on my front loading model MAH5500BWQ? any issues?
Will this work with MAH8700AWW?
Will you please tell me exactly what is included in this kit?
will this work for my MAH4000AWW?
Will this work with MAH4000BWW?
Does this fit Whirlpool Duet Sport WED8300sw2?
Will this part 4392065RC fit my kenmore 70 series model 110.68702894??
Will this Maintenance Kit fit my Kenmore model 11062802101?
does this fit my Kenmore elite 11085872401?
Does this fit my Maytag Bravo MGD6600TQ0?
Does this fit a kenmore 110.97087601 model
WIll this kit work on Whirlpool WED9200SQ0 FRONT LOADER ELECTRIC DRYER?
will this kit work on whirlpool lg5701xswo dryer
Will this kit fit the Kenmore Elite 11087872601?
Will this kit (roller wheels &amp; belt) fit my Maytag MDG7658BWW?
Does this fit Whirlpool Duet Sport WED8300sw2?
Will this part 4392065RC fit my kenmore 70 series model 110.68702894??
Will this Maintenance Kit fit my Kenmore model 11062802101?
does this fit my Kenmore elite 11085872401?
Does this fit my Maytag Bravo MGD6600TQ0?
Does this fit a kenmore 110.97087601 model
WIll this kit work on Whirlpool WED9200SQ0 FRONT LOADER ELECTRIC DRYER?
will this kit work on whirlpool lg5701xswo dryer
Will this kit fit the Kenmore Elite 11087872601?
Will this kit (roller wheels &amp; belt) fit my Maytag MDG7658BWW?
I want to put this in my office of about 80 people - is this one too small?
Does the unit come with mounting brackets for a boat installation
Is the door reversible?
installed my ice maker and ran it over night but no ice what did i miss
Does anyone know if I can put a replacement panel in the door? We want to replace a B195 on our boat
What shape of ice does this make?
what are the dimensions of the oven? i am curious if my baking pans will all fit.
Can burners on the stove be lit with a match or is it only electronic ignition when using propane?
Is this an electric start range?
Has anybody used this with propane? I'm wondering how large of a tank I'd need to have to make it feasible. I don't have a lot of space or access.
Does it come with the LP conversion kit or What do I need to buy/do to make it to work with 5LB propane tank
Does this stove come with the broiler pans?...if so, is there a bottom broiler pan and top broiler grill pan set?....tkuu
Does it come in black?
Can this be operated without electricity if you light it with a match and don't use the clock or oven light?
How high a temperature will the oven heat? My wife loves to bake.
DOES THIS REALLY STAND 42 INCHES HIGH? I AM SHORT
Is this 110 or do you need a 220 outlet?
DOES THE BOTTOM DRAWER OPEN
How I supposed to make it work ?My house works 110 V.
Is it 110V
Depth?
Apartment size range: Will this work on 110 Volt?
Will a standard 14.5" x 18.5" pan fit in it?
is this unit 120v
Where does one go to get the electric cord?
how many amps / watts does this unit draw?
Is there an AC option for the freezer?
We have a solar and battery setup with charge controller and inverter. Can we hook freezer up to charge controller or do we hook to batteries?
is this ac / dc powered or just dc?
what size solar panel is required to run this unit?
Anyone has any problems with this oven so far? It seems as though it's the best buy for your bucks..
Now that some of you have had oven for a while, would you still recommend it? How is the noise level? My LG is extremely noisy-fan runs entire time.
How many racks are in this oven?
are the fans noisey and run for long periods
Does this item come with a broiler pan?
does trim come with the product to cover the space between the ovens and the cabinets?
HOW MUCH CUBIC FEET IS IN EACH OVEN??
Is this oven self cleaning?
Can this unit be vented up through the ceiling and roof? Is there an option for this?
Does this double wall oven come with a warranty?
Is it self cleaning?
How many racks come with this oven, Can more racks be ordered?
Do they bake well? I have double ovens now,but cakes fall before they are done
will the extender work if my stove top is slightly higher then counter top?
What are they made out of?
I have a ceramic top free standing range and need some thing to fill the gap between the range and counter top. Are these heat resistent?
Are the extenders heat resistend? I have a Gas stove will it work?
Will these work if my stove is slightly lower than my countertop?
Will this work between a counter and a fridge?
pair
what is minimum width that this unit will fit. I want to make sure it will not be too tight to fit
Is this just one or a pair of these extenders?
Is this truly 5/8 inch? Or is it 1/2 inch?
Is there a filter to keep clean or any other maintaince called for? (I bought a used one w/o user manual)
My spin dryer made a "clunking" noise from the moment I used it. Also the brake did not work. After two weeks I found a loose washer on the floor. At a closer look I found a loose bolt and also a loose part that functions ast the brake. I took the...
Anyone else notice that you have to tip the machine forward afterwards to get the remaining water out?
whats the difference between this one and the nina spin dryer? same price same company. i see that this one spins faster, any difference?
Looking for a machine to dry bathing suits only, most likely one at a time. Will that be a problem with shaking and off-balance?
Does anyone know why this product is no longer available? The latest review was only a few days ago (March 25, 2014 - today is March 31, 2014)?
How long will it last? I am concerned it will break after 6 months.
Spin Dryer too loud. Anyone else notice too loud to use and impossible to balance?
I have found that the plastic of some appliances gives off a very strong chemical smell. I had a Panda washer and had to return it for this reason. Does this spin dryer have this problem?
How/where does this drain? Does it sit on a counter or in a bathtub?
we need water filter and how to replace instructions
can fridge work without the water filter installed
An icon came up on the screen that looks like a plug. What is it? The refrigerator is plugged in.
How long is the manufacturers warranty?
Can I purchase an extended warranty for this refrigerator? I'd be interested in 5 year coverage.
What is the part number for the water filter?
Does anyone have any GOOD things to say? I just bought this but it won't be delivered for 15 biz days so I have time to cancel if necessary. I thought Maytag was a good brand until I saw all this about the control panel. Now I'm considering canceling...
what is the difference between model 8955 and 8959
why is there condensation moisutre after my cycle is done in my stainless steel inside dishwasher
Why is your list price higher than on the Bosch website? Bosch lists this at $1,999.
Will a 4 5/8" pot work on the 6" burner?
Is this an open box item or in a factory sealed box?
to shut off ONE burner is there an on-off button. do you have to press and hold it down as it drops from whatever setting you were cooking at until 0?
does the unit shut off just by moisture or wiping the glass at the controls?
freezer door is not closing. what do I need to repair the hinge? appears some piece is missing and I don't know what it is
is there lighting in the freezer and refrigerator?
What is the depth of this refrigerator, with and then without handles? Thanks...
Can you fit a queen sized flat sheet?
Any warranty?
Different sites list this with different heights. How tall is this unit, not including when you open the lid? Just the unit, when not in use. Thanks.
Will it hold up under repeated use daily. What about a family with 3 small kids. The mini washer and mini spinner will be used daily.
How long does it take for the chemical odor to go away. I just received one minutes ago. Thanks!
How fast does this Spin Dryer goes. RPM? Thank you. Do the clothes comes super wrinkly and how many items can you put in, say 2 jeans?
jeans
why is shipping so expensive?
Hello. What are the dimensions of the tub that spins (diameter and height)? This will help me figure out how many clothing items I can fit. Thank you.
Is this a true induction cooktop?
1. Does this simmer well? 2. Does it hold foods at a serving temperature? 3. If you lift a saute pan to toss the food as a method of stirring, will the burner shut off? That is, how long can you have a pan off the surface before the burner shuts off?
How do you clean this cooktop?
Does this stovetop work well for canning ( long hot boils with a steady temperature)?
I need mainly a portable outside device. I work out in the sun and want it for temp and humidity readings. will this work for my needs. Thanks
can i use this for knowing the %of humidity of my corn, corn mixed food? i need to know what % of humidity it have...if i wann stored that for a week?
How do you calibrate the device?
4 humidity sensors around the house (Honeywell IAQ tstat, Accu-rite sensor, and 2 Nests) all read 45-48% RH. Amprobe reads 57-59%. Did I get a dud?
what is the manuf. stated accuracy?
is this a two pack?
Is the filter a number 94124 for models 33201,33202,33222,37201,37202?
Does this come in two pieces or I have to buy 2? I have Hunter Care Free humidifier 33201
Is it a 2 pack or 1(one ) single filter? The Humidifier requires 2 filters. Will this fit Hunter Humidifier Plus model #33202?
Will this Small PermaWick Filter fit model # 33201 Hunter Humidifier?
Does it fit model #34351
What are the dimensions of the small permawick filter? How many do I need for model # 33204?
does this fit 18 jl model 34999
Does this filter fit Hunter model 33223?
If I buy one filter is costs $33.99 and if I buy two it costs $105.00 ??? What kind of math is that???
Is this filter ULTRAWF correct to replace Frigidaire P/N 242017801?
does this replace kenmorepure 46-9999
what water filter for frigidaire gallery
I bought this 4 months ago and the "REPLACE" light has already come on. We don't drink a lot of water each day. How long is the filter supposed last?
what is this part number? I'm looking for AP4455158
my fridge model number is ffhs2622ms3?
does this fit fghb2866pf7a
Is this genuine Frigidaire part, or a generic/knockoff?
are the measurements of the dish rack different at the top and the bottom of the rack? My present rack is angled, larger on top, smaller at the base.
Is the drain board detachable?
Is the drain board inclined? Rubbermaid no longer makes the drain board on an incline. The flat drain boards don't fit over an over mount sink.
Is this easy to take apart to clean? And how well does it drain? Or should I just get one without the tray?
Does the drain board have a raised edge all the way around to retain water in it, or is there a flat side for water to drip from it into the sink?
Is this dish washer safe?
is the bottom separate or is it hooked together
Can anyone please tell me the size of the dish rack alone? I would not use the tray, I have funny shaped Blanco sink. Tray would not work. Thank You
what are the dimensions of the drainer tray ? My crrent one is 21" by 18" and I would actually like one a little wider.
will this work in a jenn air model A 122 Cartridge 3000W 240 Volts
I just purchased JED8230ADB16 with grill &amp; 2 coil burners. Can i plug this unit into the grill side so I have 4 burners?
Does it fit JES9860?
Will this fit the old Jenn-Air range A100?
will this fit a Jenn-Air model C301
Will this work on an Amana cooktop?
will this work on jenair A106
The model number of the Jannair Grill-Range Model SVE47600, will this cooktop cartridge A122B work on this range?
Will this work on jenn air down draft model c103?
will this fit the 4180W model?
Are the shelves adjustable?
does it has a cord
Can this beverage center maintain beverages at a temperature of 32 degrees F?
19.8 x 17.9 x 33.7 inches? What is the hight, width, length and depth?
Has anyone installed this as a built-in under a countertop or in an island? If so, does it work well in that type of application?
How tall is the interior space?
My Haier beverage fridge built up a lot of frost in a short amount of time. How is the frost buildup with this one?
can the door hinges be swapped to the left side?
Is it loud?
What are the floor dimensions? I want to use it to ferment lager beers. My fermenter is 12" in diameter and 24" tall. Will it sit on the floor?
How did you determine that it was only the ice maker that needed to be replaced and not something more serious?
How does the ice maker connect to refrig? I see a tube, but not where it connects? Does it have instructions
What does "OEM" mean? I need this for a Samsung refrigerator, not a GE. Thx
Hello I have the rs27Fgrs refrigerator and ice maker need, what model i buy?
How come the GE dimentions are 12.3x5x4.9 2pounds and Samsung 14.2x7.8x7.2 5pounds ?
Hello I have the rs27kgrs refrigerator and ice maker need , let me know if this model can you sell inserting it into the fridge and I will work even i
I have a Samsung Model RS267LBSH, the ice comes out of the tray crushed. Why?
Is this the part for myRFG 298 space ice maker? Writing too small for me to find part number
Is this a replacement for a Samsung DA97-06318A ( IMC701)
Need an ice maker for Samsung Model RFG297AARS/XAA. Is this the correct replacement part?
Does it fit model # ew23cs70iw3?
Has anyone had any issues with the filter having a white grease like substance on the little black gaskets that are on the end "nubs" of the filter
My last water filter (which cracked!) was the clear plastic version. Is this an update to the crummy clear plastic design?
does it fit model # ei26ss55gs0
does it fit model ei28bs55iw1
Is there a sealed protective covering on the filter like shrink wrap? Mine had none. Other brands I purchased before all came in a sealed bag.
Where do I replace the water filter? Sounds dumb, buy sorry. I have replaced the easy to find air filter!
DOES IT FIT FRIGIDAIRE
Does this filter remove copper from the water?
Can this be installed vent free?
The units works perfectly howeer the clock is slow by an average of 30 minutes per day. Do you know a fix for this?
do you have to hook it up to a vent or is it ventless?
I have a stone wall I will be installing up to is there a way I can hangbitbfrom the ceiling instead if drilling into the stone?
Where does it need to attach to wall?
Is it really 41.7" tall? Does it come with chimney extensions?
Does it come ready to install, or do I need to other parts?
Hi, I looked on the Akdy website and this model number doesn't come with the stainless baffle filters, but rather some kind of mesh. Which is it?
whats the minimum height of this hood i only can fit a 22-23 inch max hood due to my low ceiling the graphs shows that but you know foreign co ?
Is this product's exhaustion method ducted or ductless?
Will this product work in the U.S? Confused about the voltage
Can this be installed over the island?
Does the smooth surface scratch when you slide a pan?
what is the warranty on this range?
Is it available now and how soon can I get it
Will this machine automatically restart after a power outage?
model e128bs561so where shut off arm on ice naker is it spring loaded?
Electrolux: EW28BS71ISC - does the ice maker work?
When replacing this unit, how do you disconnect the 1/4" pipe from both ends of this units quick connect?
does this work with a GXITD?
When I tried replacing this filter in GE refrigerator #TFX25PRBBB, no water came out of the plastic tube supply tube. How do I flush the new filter?
Will this fit I have a 1800-1001 maytag filter now would this fit?
How often do I replace it
Is it just as easy to remove the copper lines from this filter as it is the GXRTQR filter?
does this filter come with the adapters needed to install?
How Many cu. Inches Is this Propane Refrig ?
are the bottom inside door replacement panels, plastic, available?
will this fit in a 1987 teton 40 foot fifth wheel obviously I don't know the sie of the refrig I know a cabintet abouve it and I think the propane clo
how do I get door panels, not sure my old Dometic Americana panels will fit.
N841 is what i currently have with an ice maker. Is this unit set up so I could install my ice maker in this refrigerator?
I am not familiar with propane refrigerators, but need a small unit for an off-grid cabin. We have no electricity...is this a problem?
right hand or left hand
Replacing residential electric refrigerator in rv without an outside access panel. Does this refrigerator require outside access?
Does the fridge have sides or is it just the raw insulation on the sides? I will be using this for an off grid house, not RV so the looks of the sides matter. Thanks!
What temp does this maintain in a normal house? Freezer and main space?
How long does the filter last ?
Do you remove the filter when cleaning the humidifier with vinegar water? Or leave it n to be cleaned too?
What kind of additional maintenance required by using this filter? Filter needs to replaced how often?
I just bought this filter, but inside the plastic bag there are little orange beads in the side the bag...not contained in the filter. Is that normal?
how do you connect the filter to the humidifier
does this filter fit into the drop humidifier EE-5301?
How do you know when to replace the filter? Is there a way to tell (e.g. humidifier functions differently) instead of relying on how many refills?
I have a water softener, so . . . do I need this filter? Do I need to use distilled water?
Does the filter affect output volume? I just put one in, after using the Drop for a few days, and the output seems to be significantly diminished.
I bought the crane drop shape humidifier 2012. Will this filter fit?
Does the unit come with a plug? Or do you have to buy the plug separately?
I would like to know if the dimensions in the specifications are correct - i.e., that the disposal is only 6 inches long.
The answers regarding the electrical connection are confusing - how does this connect. I do not want a plug!
Does anyone know the difference between this model and the Evolution Pro Compact 3/4 HP. The Pro is $196.
Is the Evolution Essential model interchangeable with the Contractor 333 model
I am replacing a kitchenaid, would this fit kitchenmaids quick mounting system?
does it come with the fitting for a dishwasher
Is this the same size as the older Pro333? We need to replace it and my husband wants to make sure it will fit.
Is the 3 Year Warranty applicable in Canada as well?
Can you tell me what the dimensions are on this unit. The details say 6x6x6.
My dryer opens from left to right. I want to reverse it. Will this work? Also, will it fit model # gew9250pw1?
Will this work for a duet WASHER?? I can't seem to find and reversal kit for my WASHER!!! Model #WFW9150WW01
Hi. Will this work for my whirlpool duet wed9270xw1 dryer?
Is this what they consider "platinum" and which direction is it? My dryer opens from left to right and the required trim to cover it isn't reversible.
Will this also fit the washer GEW9200LW1 or is there a different part number for that?
Will this fit Duet Model # GW9200L? Thank you,
Will this also fit the washer GGW9300PW4 or is there a different part number for that.
Is this the correct kit for model WED9610XW
My Duet Model number ggw9250pwo. Is this correct kit?
my duet model number is ggw9250PW3. Is this the correct kit for my dryer?
Does this wringer work best attached to a steel tub? Would 20 /12, 22, or 24 inch width tub be the best size?
This seems like a lot of money for a simple mechanical product. Does the manufacture provide replacement parts, particularly the rollers?
Can it be attached to a table to use as a fondant roller
Can anyone let me know the tub you use that attaches to this product successfully?
do the rollers actualy touch each other? I want to uses something like this to roll thin film from a larger roll and the rollers would have to touch.
How many inches wide can the clamps be expanded? In other words, how wide a stand can they attach to?
I would like to attach this to the side of my tub in the bathroom. The tub side width is 4 inches....how could I attach this?
Are both rollers driven by the crank?
Is the crank really loud or noisy? Another person stated in their review "Plus cranking the handle is noisy".
I am looking to use a ring to get meat out of crab legs. Anyone try it with this product&gt;
How much laundry detergent do you use?
Do you need to pull the plunger out of the water to fill with air, or do you keep it submerged?
What do you do if it falls apart? Mine did
I'm assuming you use it with a bucket, how big?
I'm assuming you use it with a bucket, how big?
Would this be effective for a pair of jeans? Doing a dozen of: socks, underwear, shirts. Loads to small to take to the laundrymat
How long is the handle
How many clothes (say t-shirts) can you comfortably fit into it without stuffing them in? On average how much can you wash at one time?
How long do you do this on a load of laundry ?
Is this device good for getting out tough stains? Is this better than using my hands?
Can you take it apart and put it back together with both Inlet and Outlet facing the same direction.I'm up against a concrete top and bottom.
What gauge metal is it made of?
my wall opening is a bit higher then the dryeroutlet, as well as about 4'' to the side.. i can't move the dryer to line up the wall opening/dryer .
My offset (mid dryer pipe to wall exit pipe) is nine inches. Will this unit work?
Earlier I asked whether this was standard size (for washer). Duh. What I meant was standard dryers. Is hole standard diameter?
When fully extended, are there 5 inches between the inlet and outlet edges or centers?
Does the crimped end fit inside the 4" pipe that vents to the outside? If so, how do I secure this connection?
All the image shows is the tubing. Does this come with the entire "KIT"? Does it have the connections to add to PEX Tubing supply line under sink?
Has anyone used this with a newer GE side by side fridge?
One of the questions' answers indicated this is NOT the kit and does NOT include the fittings for a new fridge. Which fittings do I need to purchase?
will this attach to a standard 1/4 compression fitting or if the nut on one end is cut off will the tubing attach to a 1/4 shark-bite fitting.
Is this product suitable for attaching to fridge and tiny cold water tap on wall behind fridge? Apt. plumbed with tiny tap.
I have 3/8" PEX plumbing in my house. Can I attach this 5' tube to 3/8" PEX. Is there an adapter/ coupler
Does the packaging that comes with this supply hose state that it is lead free? Does it meet CA Prop 65 requirements for lead free?
is the tubing 1/4
After installing new filters, do they need to have water run through them before they are used for drinking?
can you tell me how many filters are in this pack?
I just installed one of these filters, water didn't come through when I turned faucet on, tried to remove filter and reinstall and it exploded??
Does this filter have a micron rating?
Do these filters remove fluoride? If not, are there any filters available for the Pitcher that are capable of doing so?
I have a CWS100AW. How do i know when I'm suppoed to change the filter for my pitcher?
The expiration date for these filters is a "date code," not a Julian calendar date. My next filter is code "8142". How do I decipher this code?
why is the three pack of replacement filters more expensive (44.9) than the single at 9.99 Is there a cartridge that fits inside the filter?
What is the difference in the CWF 1012 filter and the CWF 1016 filter for the Clear 2 O pitcher
Is the power cable/plug included ?
has anyone had issues with the warming burner not shutting off?
Is the smooth cooktop suitable for cast iron or heavy pressure canners?
How many burners?? I am looking for a commercial type range for my church. Is this in that leage?
does the left oven door open down or sideways?
If installation is purchased, is the power cable included as part of the installation fee?
Does it come in white?
Do the edges need rubber feet to ward against countertop scratches? What material is the cover made of...20 gauge steel?
Will the cover open 180 degrees?
does this unit have the folding side extensions?
the description says black, but the picture is white. what color is the unit? thx.
Is this washer come with hose that connect to the sink and tap? If I need to get it where do I get it???
May I ask how long the inlet hose and the drain hose are? I want to make sure they are long enough for reach my washer connection.
I have an oval shaped faucet. Will the adaptor work with that?
Can you pour water into the machine instead of connecting it to the faucet?
Is this machine quiet? I'm a night owl and tend to do my household chores in the wee hours. I live in an apartment--will this wake the neighbors?
please explain how this runs by batteries?
How well does this spin water out of clothes?
Do you have to plug this into a wall hookup or can I set it up in my bedroom/ or bathroom?
Can you put the drain line into a tub rather than into a sink drain? Is the tight fit important for drainage?
what are the batteries for
I would like to know if the agitator kicks some butt on this machine or is it like all the rest...barely moves??? Thank you for your assistance.
Does the Speed Queen AWN 432 have cold-water wash?
ow much soap shall I use for one load of wash
what is it's dimensions?
Does the tub fill with water for the rinse cycle or does it spray the clothes with water to rinse them?
What are the dimensions?
I have a cabinet above where the washer will be. What is the total distance from the floor to the top edge of the lid when it is open? I want to be able to open the lid without it hitting the cabinet.
I know the washer has a manual override where you hold the knob so it will fill to the top. Do you have to hold the knob to fill on rinse too?
DOES IT RINSE IN COLD WATER
Does this washer have computers in it Does it have and agitator
Will it work with Lennox HCWB17/HCWB12?
How many wires, what are the voltage requirements?
Does it share the same template (duct cutout size) as the older model #56?
Will this controller work with the Aprilaire 600M?
Will this humidistat work with a Totaline P110-LBP2417 humidifier??
Will this work with my Lennox Healthy Climate - Model WB@ - 17?
Is this humidistat compatible with an older GENERALAIRE 1040? Will it replace MHX3 humidistat from GENERALAIRE?
Neither of the 2 humidistats I am looking at (56 and 4655) list humidifier 700M under "For use with Aprilaire models..........". So I am looking for a more specific answer.
Humidistat keeps blowing my furnace breaker. Is this a bad humidistat? Turned to off and the furnace works and water keeps flowing to aprilaire.
I have a Aprilaire Model 700 with Automatic/Manual humidistat set as manual. It has 4 wires, 2 to furnace &amp; 2 to solenoid. Will this one work?
Is it dual fuel?
Are the knobs plastic?
how to replace owners manual
Where do you get the griddle and can you swap out for their other knobs? Love it so far.
Is the side panel black or stainless steel?
What exactly is the 5th burner used for?
My old stove has a griddle that I use all the time; does Bosch make a griddle that fits on the stove top?
Will this lock keep a rottweiler from eating the contents of my fridge?
How wide and high are the pads? How long are the arms?
how many keys come with the lock?
Would you trust this lock on a deep freezer outside to deter people from breaking in?
Will this filter work with the french door fridge model #B26FT70SNS
Does it replace 641425
Thermador fridge. Model Number: T301R70NSP/08. Need water filter. Thermador's item number is 740570. Bosch makes these. Part# and cost or link. Arif
will this work in Thermador freezer T181?
Does this filter work for Bosch b22cs80sns?
Will this filter work for a Bosch, 2-sided, refrig model number B20CS80SNS? If not, which one will?
Is this compatible with t36it800np?
I'm looking for a filter for thermador 48 inch side by side part # 00750673 will this work?
Is this compatible with part number 101443-A, have Thermador T361T70NNP/05
What is the drying rack? Is it something that comes extra or is it some gadget for the dryer?
What gas dryer is better Magtag or Speed queen
Which SQ electric dryer offers moisture sensing?
Is it 220v applicable?
does a speed queen dryer with a drop-down door exist?
How long to dry 5 or 6 pairs of jeans and same number of shirts.Can someone give me a guess ?
Dealer locations on speed queen dryers in westchester county ny
where are they made
this is the only one that I have seen the "G" at the end of the model number. What is the difference between the ADE4BR and ADE4BRG??
can this dryer break apart easily for getting thru a small doorway?
There is a temperature control inside the unit, that goes from 1 to 7. Which is coldest, 1 or 7?
is this rated for outdoor ?
Is it possible to change the color of the interior LED lights?
What is the height of just the door that swings out without the hinge? Feet removable? Trying to fit in a 24" height cabinet face)
Will this fit a maytag dishwasher which uses part # 1547252?
Does this work for Kenmore 665.13843k601?
Will it fit GU2200XTSSO, Type 575-0?
Does this cap fit W10082929A whirlpool elite dishwasher?
will this work with Kitchenaid KUD102FRSS2 ?
Will it work with kitchen aid kuds30fxpa8?
Does this work with a KitchenAid KUDC10FXSS5?
I'm just wondering where the actual squeak sound comes from? Is it possible that it's doing any permanent damage inside the machine?
I have Frigidaire Model #FGX831CS0, and every search states this is the bearing kit model for my Frigidaire dryer-washer combo. Can you confirm this is the right part?
Apology in advance but I'm not sure I've asked this question: Is the item interchangeable with GE Model dryer NVL333GY0WW rear drum bearing?
what kind of lube is it?
does this fit fex831cso stacked dryer
Is it for model#GLGQ942CS0?
hi, will this fit model number: 41790872991? thank you!
None of the pictures show the tank, just the tubing (which I don't believe I need). Is the big tank actually part of this?
I have a Frigidaire FPHF2399MFO will this replace my leaking tank?
Will these burners fit in my Whirlpool Range Model #Rf365PXMW1?
8 are these parts for the large burners for a whirlpool stove got I thought 8 inch and fits the small ones So u sent me the wrong ones
Will these fit whirlpool model RF39JXWW
will this fit a whirlpool model RF114PXSB0-element part # W10259866
which one of these burners will fit my whirlpool model rde4400y2?
Does this have the loop connectors or the solid rectangle plugs?
Will this burner element work on model RJE3165N?
is this the kind that has the circle connectors on the end?
Do you have Whirlpool Stove Surface Burner Element (6 and 8 inches?
WHAT IS THE WATTS?
I own the Whirlpool 25cf refrigerator, model # ED5LHAXW2. My filter cap broke. The number inside the cap is 2260502 &amp; 2260518, no AP. Will it work?
does this cap with with whirlpool ed5vhexvb01?
Does this cap fit whirlpool refrigerator model#ED2FHAXSB04 and our water filter #4396841?
Is the color black?
Does this cap fit W10186667 filter?
Is this for 4396841p pur refrigerator filter?
Does this Cap fit filter 4396710?
I have a Kitchen Aid model KSCS25FVMS01 will this cap 2260502ap work
does it fit 4396841
I own the ED5KVEXVB model. Will this cap work?
Does this price include a power cord?
how long to ship to florida?
does this come with a powercord?
I have a GE Profile jgsp44ev3aa will it work?
I have an Amana Gas Range part no is 7432P131-60 model #501A 0510 will it fit and work the same thanks.?
Will this work with a Frigidaire FGGF304DLF1?
I have a coloric RWS214 Oven will this work?
Hello, It will work for a frigidair FGB24L2ASA?
I have a amana arg7102lm, will this work on it?
will it work on frigidaire model FGF350BBWA
I have a whirlpool sf3020ekw0 will it work
I have a Frigidaire FGF366DSA stove...will this work?
will this work on Hotpoint model RGB745BEH9CT
does this fit Kenmore model 106.60192000
does this fit Kenmore model 106.8627580?
Will this fit a Whirlpool Model # EWT13JWR1 ?
helo, will it fit Kenmore 106.78862891 top freezer model
does it replace 1106739
Hi, will this fit a Whirlpool Upright Freezer Model #EV171NYMQ05 (made in Canada)? Thanks.
Is this a genuine oem part?
will this fit kenmore model 2539260211 part # 216470200
Have a Kenmore Elite side by side refrig/freezer. (Model #10654603300). Will this fan/motor kit work with my refrigerator?
I have model number 1068559280 will this fit
will it fit a roper stove?
I have a whirlpool "super capacity 465" stove and would like to get 2- 8" &amp; 2- 6" with pans: the "Y" type, do you have sets? can you supply these?
GE
I have a maytag. Whirlpool model #rf367 lxkt. Will this fit?
Has anyone found this to fit a Maytag Model# CRE 7500 ACW? It's not on the list, but looks possible. Thank you.
I have an 'estate' stove, will this fit? I can't find any other info on my unit..
The part number on my 8 inch element is mp26ya. From the picture it looks like it would work. If not do you have a link to one that would work?
I have a whirlpool model # RS610PXGW11 will these work
does it fit jennair?
will it fit a rf111pxsq3 model?
does this part fit a cabrio agi model #wtw6300sbi
will this fit an Oasis kenmore Elite? the part # is W10049390 the reason i ask is due to the look.It looks completly different than the original
is this pump whirlpool OEM ??
This one is a bit different than the original. It comes with a special paper-like shield. Does the shield need to be put on, what if I don't?
How is the item this item sent? Can we request express mail. I need my washer part asap!
Would this replace the drain pump whirlpool part 461970201671?
Would this replace the drain pump part # w10155921 for a whirlpool cabrio?
Does this fit the Whirlpool WFS 1071BD front loader
Will this fit Model # WFW9200SQ00
will it fit whirlpool model # GHW 9250MLO?
How hard is this to replace? I have a Kenmore H3 Elite that's about 10 years old.
Will it fit for Whirlpool model # GHW9400PL4
I have a Whirlpool Duet Sport, model WFW8400TB00. Will it fit?
Hi will it work with Whirlpool WFW9550WR00?
Will it fit gew9250pw1
Will this fit a Whirlpool duet GHW9400PLO ?
Will this fit a Kenmore Elite Washer #110.46747801?
does this one fit Whirlpool Mo #WFW9550WL00?
how big is this
I assume the cord is removable from the tray, correct? Thanks!
How long will the unit hold a charge before use -- Can the unit be charged one day, then used next week?
SIZE ?
Is this bi-volt? (220v is my interest)
Will this work to replace part number DA97-07603B?
Will this fit Samsung Model RF268ABBP lower ice maker?
Does it fit model RFG298HDRS
will it fit RF323TEDBSR/AA ?
Does this work for ice maker for RS2534BB?
Hi, does this fit my Samsung RFG237?
Does this work for the bottom ice maker for RFG298aars?
Will this fit RF265 models?
I bought this part today, but I need ASAP. I never found it the another shipping before the March 20. Could you ship over night. and the cost?
The title of the item and Product Information say DA97-07603A, but the Product Features says DA97-07603B. Which is it?
Does this filter have some kind of filter inside of it to stop grease?
how many come with order?
This is for non ducted hoods right? Does it have the charcoal in the filter?
Does this fit the nutone range hood with the same model number?
im looking for a non ducted charcoal filter the product number is 5999010181,
is this a charcoal filter&gt;?
how do I clean the grease from the screen?
is there a problem with the flapper on the ge refrigerator model pse25kgh?
With, or without the white plastic? Confusing, since there are two versions and pictures. Older one comes with WHITE plastic back and newer does not.
if i order today when will i receive it in arcadia fl 34266
installation of Ice door Flapper on a GE refrigerator
Will this part on a Kenmore refrigerator as well?
Where was this washer made?
Smells
stuck in drain cycle , won't what can I do?
what is recommended space from range/countertop to bottom of cabinet?
Does it have to vent outside?
Does thi unit have a light underneath
Is this for a 36 inch over the range microwave? The dimensions in the description do not show it being 36 wide.
where is the vent on this mircowave, top or back?
I have a Norcold 633324 ice maker and it will not eject the ice cubes.
Isn't this ice maker identical to the Whirlpool 4319743 for $49.50?
Does the replacement ice maker include the water valve? I have a water overllow problem which forms ice on the side of the icemaker compartment.
Our dimension for the ice maker that is no longer working is 11 3/8" X 4 5/8". The dimensions for part # 633324 are larger and doesn't appear to us that it will fit our Norcold 1200 LRIM. Our motor home is a Beaver Patriot manufacture in 2000.
Will this item fit a Norcold1200 LRIM refrigerator?
change size of ice cubes? if so, how
Freezer number F1411Vi ?
Is this filter model # 07134220?
Is this the correct filter for the Fridge-Freezer Combination KF1811Vi? It has an ice maker but it doesn't have water on the door.
is this for KF 1911 Vi
is this compatible with the refrigerator model KF1901?
Refrigerator model KF1911 filter?
Would this filter work for my frigidaire frs6hr5hsb5 refrigerator?
How can I get a Frigidare filter as pictured and not some knock off?
Will this filter work in my White-Westinghouse refrigerator?
I have a FRS26R2AW5, does this filter work for it? Thank you for your reply!
Will this filter work for my frigidaire FRS3HR35KSO refrigerator?
what about model frs6r5esbc wil it fit this model ?
are they the original pure source unopened for Frigidaire?
why is used filter more expensive than new
Would this filter work on my Frigidaire FRS6R4EW2 refrigerator?
Will this model fit my model FSC23LR5JM2 fridge?
Why is the 3 pack more expensive than 3x1 packs?
I just ordered the three pack (Part Number 5231JA2006B). I read all the bait &amp; switch stories. Are they still sending the A model instead of the B?
Instructions say change every 6 months. Shouldn't the change rate be in gallons of water used? Family of 2 as opposed to family of 6....
What is the difference from the 523JA2006A and the 523JA2006B other than price?
I purchased this filter on 12/31/14. Now there are black particle in water. What's happened. Defect products?
Does this fit a kenmore model 795.7032?
The description says it fits all "795" Kenmore models. I have a 795 and there's no way it fits. My filter is like half the size of this one. Am I doing something wrong? Planning on returning this due to the incorrect description unless someone has some...
Has Amazon fixed the "Bait and Switch" with customers? The customer comments are rife with ordering "B" filters, but getting inferior "A" models.
5231ja2006a or 5231ja2006b: Is the part numbers of these filters 5231ja2006a or 5231ja2006b?
Why is the 3 pack more expensive than 3x1 packs?
I just ordered the three pack (Part Number 5231JA2006B). I read all the bait &amp; switch stories. Are they still sending the A model instead of the B?
Instructions say change every 6 months. Shouldn't the change rate be in gallons of water used? Family of 2 as opposed to family of 6....
What is the difference from the 523JA2006A and the 523JA2006B other than price?
I purchased this filter on 12/31/14. Now there are black particle in water. What's happened. Defect products?
Does this fit a kenmore model 795.7032?
The description says it fits all "795" Kenmore models. I have a 795 and there's no way it fits. My filter is like half the size of this one. Am I doing something wrong? Planning on returning this due to the incorrect description unless someone has some...
Has Amazon fixed the "Bait and Switch" with customers? The customer comments are rife with ordering "B" filters, but getting inferior "A" models.
5231ja2006a or 5231ja2006b: Is the part numbers of these filters 5231ja2006a or 5231ja2006b?
Why is the 3 pack more expensive than 3x1 packs?
I just ordered the three pack (Part Number 5231JA2006B). I read all the bait &amp; switch stories. Are they still sending the A model instead of the B?
Instructions say change every 6 months. Shouldn't the change rate be in gallons of water used? Family of 2 as opposed to family of 6....
What is the difference from the 523JA2006A and the 523JA2006B other than price?
I purchased this filter on 12/31/14. Now there are black particle in water. What's happened. Defect products?
Does this fit a kenmore model 795.7032?
The description says it fits all "795" Kenmore models. I have a 795 and there's no way it fits. My filter is like half the size of this one. Am I doing something wrong? Planning on returning this due to the incorrect description unless someone has some...
Has Amazon fixed the "Bait and Switch" with customers? The customer comments are rife with ordering "B" filters, but getting inferior "A" models.
5231ja2006a or 5231ja2006b: Is the part numbers of these filters 5231ja2006a or 5231ja2006b?
Would this filter work for my frigidaire frs6hr5hsb5 refrigerator?
How can I get a Frigidare filter as pictured and not some knock off?
Will this filter work in my White-Westinghouse refrigerator?
I have a FRS26R2AW5, does this filter work for it? Thank you for your reply!
Will this filter work for my frigidaire FRS3HR35KSO refrigerator?
what about model frs6r5esbc wil it fit this model ?
are they the original pure source unopened for Frigidaire?
why is used filter more expensive than new
Would this filter work on my Frigidaire FRS6R4EW2 refrigerator?
Will this model fit my model FSC23LR5JM2 fridge?
will this fit model lg lsc27910tt
Does this work in model LSC26905TT
Can it replace a 9890 Kenmore Water filter?
Does this filter work for Model No. GEN11042FR-08
Is this truly an LG, the LG website does not mention this company, is it really 500 gallons or 300 like the others?
I am looking for an equivalent to a Kenmore Part. No. ADQ72910907, or the substitute ADQ72910902&hellip;would this be one?
DOES THIS REPLACE PART 5231JA2002A?
Do you "have to" turn off the household water in order to replace this filter in an LG frig?
Will this work in a kenmore top mount model 795.7943*
will this fit model lg lsc27910tt
Does this work in model LSC26905TT
Can it replace a 9890 Kenmore Water filter?
Does this filter work for Model No. GEN11042FR-08
Is this truly an LG, the LG website does not mention this company, is it really 500 gallons or 300 like the others?
I am looking for an equivalent to a Kenmore Part. No. ADQ72910907, or the substitute ADQ72910902&hellip;would this be one?
DOES THIS REPLACE PART 5231JA2002A?
Do you "have to" turn off the household water in order to replace this filter in an LG frig?
Will this work in a kenmore top mount model 795.7943*
I read on AKDY website that all of their products carry a 3 year warranty. Yousr stated 1 year. Is this product refurbished?
Does this vent through the duct to the outside of the house?
can it be mounted on pitched ceiling
Do you have replacement leds for this unit?
Is this hood 304 grade stainless?
What is the adjustment for length (how short or long from ceiling downward)? We have about 8 ft. ceilings.
how much does an 18" danby dishwasher hold
how to repair the dispenser lid lever?
the racks are adjustable?
Does this model turn off automatically after the cycle is finished? What improvements does the DDW1899BLS-1 (-1 at end) offer over the DDW1899BLS?
is this washer nfs rated for use in a public place?
How long is the warranty?
is it better to use the old copper tube or the new braided &amp; rubber type line &amp; why??
What is the maximum plate size?
Will this fit myKUDI02IRBS1 dishwasher?
Does it fit model kude70fxss1
does it fit model DU1014XTXB0
Does this work with a KitchenAid KUDC10FXSS5?
is this motor the same as a kenmore 3976707
need to know how to change the electrical connection , ASAP for dryer motor 279827 going in a Kenmore 3976707
whould this work on a kenmore model 41797812701
will this work on kenmore model number 11068102310
Does motor 279827 work for Kenmore 3395652 motor model #110.76722690 dryer with no difference.
Is this motor compatible with Whirlpool model GGQ8821LL0?
Well this motor fit my maytag dryer the model on motor is s58nxmmy6739 the dryer model is pye2200ayw if not do you have any motor in stock
Is this motor the same as a 500 Kenmore 334304?
will this fit on miller light 1/2 barrels and 1/4 barrels how about miller high life i drink both but miller light the most
With this kit, do I need anything else to start pouring beer (other than the keg of beer and gas in the tank)?
I want to install faucet and drip tray on the side of my refrigerator.How far does the drip tray stick out?
will faucet fit in the side of fridge?
Can I upgrade drip tray to one that has a drain?
Does the tank come filled
If I order from homebrewstuff will I receive a KEGCO brand kit or a cheaper knockoff version?
Does this work with a 5 Gal ball lock Cornelius keg?
CO2: Does this come full?
If I have a pin lock keg, will the only thing I have to buy separate be the couplers?
I want to buy now, but im in Peru. Shipping company is asking to me the dimensions of the box where the kit is packed. I await your prompt res
Hi, I am interested in buying this kit, but I need to know the exact weight of the whole kit please.
Do you ship to Switzerland ? if so, what is the shipping cost ?
Does this work with standard kegs?
What does this warning mean? BUYER BEWARE: Only Beverage Factory sells this genuine Kegco kit as pictured. What's missing if you from someone else?
Is this booster approved by the International Building Code. Thanks, Lindy How can I get a confirmation in writing that it is approved?
does the booster have to be in a certain pos to run
The 9460-A has a built-in alarm: alarm for what exactly?
Can it be used with a gas dryer?
Anyone know how many CFM this thing pumps out? In the video it doesn't look like it is moving much air.
Does this have a vacuum switch that automatically turns the motor on when the dyer turns on?
My vent goes up 8 feet and then horizontal for 15 ft... How will this help locating this at the dryer over what the dryer is already doing?
my knobs do not work with a D shaped shaft. what are these?
hI there, do these knobs fit Jenn Air JGC8430BDS
Do these knobs fit a jenn air model jgr8775qds?
is this d shaped is this for a jenn air counter top inserted range?
If my range top takes a D shaped shaft does that mean any D shaped will fit?
How many knobs come with this?
Where do find the number
same part number for replacement basket for my kenmore elite dishwasher, same basket?
I have model 665.1646. Will this fit my washer ?
what is the exact measurements of the basket
What is the measurement of the middle basket, without the sides?? What are the measurements of the side baskets? thanks
I have Kenmore elite mode 665-16263400 is this basket the correct replacement
MY MODEL NUMBER 3385820 WILL THIS WORK?
Will this work with straws, or will they fall through the bottom/sides?
Can the three bins be separated? Also the dimension listed as 16X10X4 but the answer below says the bottom measures 19 long and 3.25" wide.
Will it fit model # WDF750SAYB3 ? Thanks for your help.
Is this the correct element for a Frigidaire wall oven RBE E 94?
Does this work on a Frigidaire Compact 30 Electric Stove Model RBE 533P?
What are the dimensions of this element? The description 7 x 7 x 7, which doesn't seem accurate.
Will this fit a Frigidaire wall oven model# RE94BD?
Will this element work on a Frigidaire wall oven model RBJ G94?
Will this element work on an old frigidaire wall oven model# RBE-G94-1
is this a vented dryer or ventless?
does the stacking kit come with the dryer?
What do you order/ set up to get the draining option (into the washer drain)? Sounds like a great idea.
Does this dryer require 220 volt power?
What voltage 110 or 220?
Are the control knobs metal or plastic and do they get hot from being close to the burners?
Can this be used with propane gas?
Why is this Electrolux so heavy at 75# and a similar 30" 5 burner cooktop from GE weighs 39#?
If I have 9ft ceilings in my kitchen, will I need an extension? Can I purchase it through you?
Is the unit light weight enough to install without additional support. I've read comments where some customers had to install wood supports.
Do you sell extensions to fit nine foot ceilings.
do the hood has regular duct to the side?
Is hood set up to run ducted to the outside; if so is it included or additiona forl kit? Price?
Set up to run ducted to the outside; if so do kit come with the hardware, like ducting and flapper external vent, or does it have a separate kit ?
Do these hang from the ceiling? I have a window behind the stove and intend to vent out above it. Any thoughts?
what is the dimension of the range hood? I need L=34, W=10 would this range will fit my space?
Looks like the glass would need constant cleaning, above and below. Does it not look dirty with just a little use?
The pic shows the lights being in the front, one of the reviews says the lights stink and they are on the back? is that correct?
Has anyone purchased this oven recently?
I currently have a stand alone range. Can the slide in work in the same 30" slot in the kitchen counter?
How do I purchase a warranty for this product?
how to use the built in cooking timer
How can we repair the E15 error code?
What is the experience controling top heat with the touch panel (no knob)?
Does it have the ability to just start the dryer for a short time to help remove wrinkles in the morning if starting a load before going to bed?
Does it come with hose
Can it be portable like the 2.7 model with its extra weight?
This looks like a great washer/dryer combo: But is it vented or not?
What is the inside diameter of the dain line?
Can this be programmed to wash and then dry? Meaning if I set it to wash &amp; dry when I leave, will it be dry when I return? Or do I have to set it to dry after wash cycle?
does this combo have to be installed in a drain pan. Does all of the water discharged from the washer go out the hose or is a secondary drain required
how long during the washer and dryer?
With the door open, what is the height from the bottom of the opening in the front of the dryer to the floor?
Does this dryer have a steam dry capability to remove wrinkles?
WHAT IS THE WATTAGE?
Is this correct bulb for GE Spacemaker XL1800 microwave
Is this the correct bulb for a GE Gold Accubake Microwave (interior lamp)?
Is this bulb for Interior Light for Model JVM132K0003 GE Above Stove Microwave?
Will this fit a daewoo microwave?
Thanks to all who responded to my previous question about the burner. It did indeed work in spite of the fact I discovered my gas stove is a 1991 model!
My model XL44 and it is about 1994...anyone has similar? Should it fit?
does this assembly fit other stoves, esp. Hotpoint??
for $9.75 plus shipping set of 2 or set of 4?
is this item a genuine GE part because I ordered it before and was not the right fit and not GE
Is this for a self-cleaning oven? It looks like the right one, but then I noticed in a description of another element that it specified self cleaning.
is this compatible with replacement part Hotpoint part # WBK 5012 ?
will this fit Hotpoing R B754 0Y3WH (serial av289911Q ) ?
will this fit ge mode. j sp40A0W1AA?
Does this part fit Hotpoint model #RB52C3WW?
will this fit the sears Kenmore model # 911.95292992
dimensions on this one say *Width 18", length 15", depth 4", on the first page but click on product details it says 23.6 x 22.2 x 3. what's right
i already bought one element for my ge stove that did not quite fit. the ends that plug in were too wide. mine get narrower, what does this one do?
dOES THIS WORK FOR SELF CLEANING OVEN?
How do I know if this is the right element for my ten year-old Kenmore Elite Dual Fuel oven, model no. 790-79113202 ? Thanks!
will this fit a ge range model jbp24gw1ad
bake element for hotpoint range model #rb755,rb 756, rb 757
Is this a clip on or a screw together?
DOES IT BEND UP IN THE BACK?
I have a GE model # JBP23DN1C will this element fit the bottom bake element in my stove? TIA
Does this fit JBP24B0H1WH?
hello I am looking for a bottom element for a GE model # JBS55WOK4WW CAN YOU LET ME KNOW THE PROPER ONE TO ORDER PLEASE ?
I have a GE Sectra oven that came with the house I just purchased. It is JBP64W0B5WW Will this element work on mine?
Will this work in a 6 yr old GE JBS55SMSS elec range? The GE website no longer lists this model.
would it work for a very old double wall oven Fridgidair model RBE-97N ? Thanx
what is f3 code
Is this sensor the same for my Kenmore model 66592012
Is there another brand sensor that replaces this one that costs less?
my oven will not reach the temperature you set it for do i need oven sensor
does it come with the connectors?
GE Wall Oven Sensor - Model JKP14: Would this part cause this problem.
The "Product Feature" and the "Product Description" above list different dimensions for this product. Can you please verify which is correct?
will this fit GE Model JRP14GJ
My GE Double Wall Oven has the oven temp about 50 degrees to low, is there an easy fix?
I need a rack for my GE P7 wall oven, model #JKP07G0J5BG - measurements are 18-3/4"w x 17"d - can you give me part # and/or source? thx
What is the separation of the holes in the back plate where the two screws go in?
Is this going to fit a GE Model # JBP21WC1WW?? This keeps popping up when I enter my oven model #
Is this for the top element or the bottom? My top element broke.
will this work in a hot point oven requiring a model rb525 n1 (120/240v)?
does it come with the proper screws?
This item will fit my oven. Numbers and measurements match up. However, it is not marked "self cleaning" as some elements are. My oven is "self cleaning". Is this lack of marking an issue?
Will this work on Maytag brands?
Does this work for GE Model # GSS25TSRD SS?
is this the replacement for modelgsh25jsdbss
I bought my oven at low's and the model number does not fit any of these. My model is GE oven JBP22BK4WH
My Hotpoint stove is model RB790SH4SA needs a Broil element, will this one work or do you have the correct one? Thanks
I've a Kenmore model 91?1.93401990. Will this fit?
This listing says the width is 14-1/2 ". Is this correct? The element in my range (for this replacement) is 12" wide.
The GE broil element I am looking for is part 252 from diagram with order part number WB44T10077. Will this item WB44T10009 fit ? they look identica
GE Model # JBP78DOH2CC , the upper broil element per GE is WB44T10009, however your dimensions do not match , will this fit??
I have a GE electric range, model #jbp66edk3bb will this broiler element fit?
IsThis part work with Amana model ART 6001W ?
does this work with model jpb66w0k1ww?
Does this element work with model #JBP66DMBB
Does this work w/ Model Number J BS55D M2WW lights still come on but front right burner stopped working on us issue facing with cooking stove Thanks
Will this work on a GE model JBP68H0H2WW stove?
Will this work on a Hotpoint model # RB790S H2SA
hello This Burn is for a stove GE JBP80W0H1WW in 8 inch, i need one this and anothe 6.5 inch?
Will this work on my Hotpoint glass top--model # R B 790D T2BB?
is this wb30t10045 rated at 2000 or 2100 watts
Will this item work on GE Electric Oven JKS060J4AD? Is this part the same as GE part # WB21X5209?
will this fit a J486AIYE GE electric oven?
will this part fit a GE Stove-oven-#JEG3002?
Will it fit a GE model JMS 07-001 AD ?
will this thermostst fit a model JKS05GP oven?
will this item work with model number jgbs22beh4wh
this item can replace all ge dishwasher models
Will this fit my dishwasher GSD4010z05aa and is this a genuine ge part? Thanks
Will this work for GE PDW9980L0055?
Am I correct in assuming that I do not need to also order an impeller kit with the pump/motor replacement??
Does this item have a warranty?
Will this fit a ge profile dishwasher?
Will this kit work with GE Mod: GSD1200T64 ?
Will it work for GE XL44?
Is this compatible with Heating element GE 229C5216P001 Model 501A 0822? This is for a GE Gas Range JGSP28BEK5BB. Thanks
will it work on thermador prg304?
Will this heating element work with Siemens Model HG24 UC? I had a Norton Model 501A heating element on it and it burnt out after about 3 years.
Will this work on Magic Chef model 31211XAS?
my model # isjgbs19den6bb for a ge gas stove my oven is not lighting which igniter should i buy
is this compatible with a norton 501a igniter?
Good morning. I have a GE refrigerator and I need to change the main control board "EBX1005G01 REV M". Does "GE WR55X10942" works perfectly?
Hi, I have a GE Model WR 55X10942 and the Motherboard WKKT 1300-03-00A. I would like to know if the one you're selling is similar to the mine. Thanks
My GE Refrigerator Model is PSM27SHSC GS and Main Control Board No. 200D4852G016 (WR55X10552), The question is, the model offer (GE WR55X10942) work?
I have a GE profile refrigerator PFCF1NJX and I need to replace the main control board, would this board work for my fridge??
I have a GE Profile Arcitica Refrigerator with a top freezer. The fan runs, but there is no cooling of either the freezer component or the bottom part. What could be the problem?
will this motherboard work for a GE refrigerator model number GSL25JFTC BS
will this work for a GE model GSL25JFTC BS
my ge frig model number is PSS26MSTC is this the control board I need
Can this element be used on the top of the oven?
Is this the correct replacement part for Oven Range Model JBS27WY3WW? The last thing I ordered did not fit.
Will this work for my JBS030N1AD
Will this element work for a GE model #jbs23bb1wh ?
IS THIS THE RIGHT ELEMENT FOR JBS02BB1
is this the correct replacement element for ge range jbso3gv6wh
Is this the correct element for GE Range JBP80SK2SS?
Can this be used as the upper element?
my oven model is jbs26w5wh. I need the lower element. ge's site says this will work? wb44x10009 or wb44xk10005.
product dimensions are 20 x 18 x 2 inches, but the description says 18" long, 15-1/2" wide, 3-1/4" terminal depth, which is right?
I have a GE Spectra-glass top stove and a few days ago,the heating element fried.The broil part works.I was wondering if this will work.
JBP80TK2WW
I have model JTP20B0F7BB will this work on our oven?
I have a Kenmore Model 911.41089. Will that work on this model? How far apart are the connectors?
good night could help me i want my fridge leads the fan wr60x10307 like to know if i can replace this model for hope you can help me
Is this a replacement for part udqr002c3rl?
Did anyone replace this on GSC23LSRCSS refrigerator ? Do I need pin pusher tool and cut wires to make this work or this will work as it as.
Is this Genuine GE factory &amp; got GE Box? or its Supco made?
is the 10154 &amp; 10185 the same?
my piece comes with this code and brings the thermostat WR60X10185, your product comes with thermostat? or as shown in the picture?
Would this fix a squeaking noise when the agitation changes direction?
WILL BELT FIT MODEL GFWH2400LOWW
Will this belt fit GE washer model WDSS4120AWW?
will this belt work for the GE model WJRE5550K2WW I am having a hard time finding an exact match?
My machine is a washer GE .MODEL WCRE6270H0WW . I like to ask its compatible this belt for that? Thanks
Will it fit GE Washer WSSH300GOWW?
Is this replaceable with WR57X10032
I need this for an old GE refrig that need a 1/4in and a 5/16 water outlet...I bought it guessing it would
Will this work on GE refrigerator model # TFX28PBBAWW?
Is this a replacement/better valve than the WR57X10032
Will this work on model WR30
Is there a different part number that will mount on the right side of the frig when viewing from the rear?
Hi' I have a General electric fridge TPG24PR IN ITALY WORKING AT 220v. Is it ok? Thanks
Hi from Italy, coming to ny in april. Is it 230/220v ? I have a GE TPG24PR
can not get water out of the front
How are the TWO water lines removed from the defective valve? I couldn't remove the lines. Mine is passing water and not making ice. thanks
Is this the proper part for a self cleaning oven?
The top element was burnt-out. Is this compatible for my Model JBP35SSM3SS ??
what element fits on jbp64b0h2ct
The bottom element burnt-out. Is this compatible for my Model of stove #JBP30WOB4WW.
Will this fit a JBP72?
I have a GE. Model # JBP27BL1BB. Is this compatible?
will this fit GE oven model JBP30C0B1CC
Does this fit JTP86Bof1bb
Does it fit GE model 164D3871P001? Thanks.
Will this unit fit my Kenmore 911.93508990?
Will this fit my Kenmore oven?
Do you know if this will fit my Hotpoint oven model #RB787WH2WW? It looks like the one in my oven, but I want to make sure before ordering it. Thanks!
will this WB44K10005 fit model WB44K10001
I have a GE model number JBS03V5WH will this fit my oven
Will this fit GE stove JSP34BDW2BB
Will this fit model RB787WCWW? Ordered one last week and got the wrong part...it wouldn't fit.
will this fit model # JBS07C1WW?
will this fit a hot point bottom burner model RB526H3WW
I am looking to buy a top &amp; bottom burner for a GE oven, model #JKP76GOP486. Will this one fit?
Any manufacturer warranty?
Is this orignal sealed ge packing
I need a freezer fan replacement for Whirlpool ET18AKXLWR-O - Do ypu have this part?
What is the difference between the WR60X10141 and the WR60X10129?
Will this motor fit hotpoint model hts17gbsarww ? thanks !
Is this ice maker exactly like the one pictured in the add with the on/off switch on the front and the plastic ice level paddle underneath?
bought the GE model GTE18GSHSS originally without ice maker. Is this full ice maker kit or do I need anything else to install and make it working?
How to install ice maker WR30X10093 in a refrigerator TFH30PRTAAA? The old one was WR30X0310.
is there a warranty on this item?
What is the voltage 115 or 220?
Will this kit fit the GE TPX21BRBG BB side-by-side?
does this replace wr30x10077 ??
I have the Can25 WR30X10093 and it makes hollow ice. Is this one going to do the same thing after replacing it?
Is this replacement for GE WR30X10061 as well?
Is this a replacement for the GE Profile Model #: CAN17 (WR30X10044)?? Thanks!
How do you install this adapter with MWF filter? What additional function it performs?
I just received my water filters for my Kenmore refrigerator. I received the 469991 but my old filter was a 469905, do I need the adapter.
Will this adapter work for a refrigerator that takes the GWF model?
Will this adaptor work when replacing a FXRC cartridge with the MWF cartridge?
Will this adaptor work when replacing FXRT filter ?
I purchased a EcoAqua waterfilter for our GE Profile refrigerator; however, it was suppose to fit and replace the MWF filter but it doesn't. What now?
will this basket fit to Bosh dishwasher?
What are the dimensions of the basket ?
will it fit ge nautilus dishwasher?
Will this fit a potscrubber 1230 GSD1230T63WW? Thank you!
Would it fit the kenmore dishwasher?
will it fit in jenn air dishwasher
Will chopsticks stay in the basket?
will it fit 8.5 inches long and 5.5 inches wide
How long is this basket?
will it fit kitchenaide dishwasher?
will this work for GE model DCLR333ET1WW
Will this work with Hotpoint Dryer Model nvlr333etowb? Does it come with the frame?
Will this work with a GE dryer Model # DDE5300VELWH
my dryers current lint trap number reads we18m19. will this lint trap fit?
I am looking for a replacement for something that was in the door of the dryer. It was like thin waffled cardboard that disintegrated over time.
what is the width of this lint filter?
Is one model better than an other in Kenmore aggitatorless washers?
do you have trouble with the clothes being tangled and knotted up?
I'm going to buy this used... how are yours all holding up? Still happy with your purchase?
how do you add extra water?
I am undecisive between 4.5 cu. ft vs. 4.7 cu. ft. Are there big difference in 2 cu.ft in terms of what I can wash and not wash?
which washing machine has leading reviews?
Does the CW mean only cold water wash?
I don't have a delicate cycle, so what cycle do I use for gentle wash?
I ordered this part and my son replaced my old one. So far, no water has flowed into the icemaker so I have had no ice. What might be wrong?
Will this ice maker work for my Amana Model # TSI18A3L / Mfg # P1182107WL Top frezer refg. Should I expect any instalation problems.
will this work for a Maytag Model MZD2766GE?
Does it come with a new wire bale?
will this work for amana model DRS2660BW MFG# PDRS2660BWO Serial# 10943532CE?
I have a whirlpool TSI 19 TL- will this work for replacement?
will this work with my amana Model srd26vw refridge?
My 20 year old Amana Icemaker (Part number 10834701) needs replaced. Is this model compatible as a replacement?
is this universal how do i know it is going to fit
Is this a replacement for PS2121513 icemaker for Maytag PTB21BBGR?
will lthis fit a majic chef 2002 (3 BURNER) STOVE
Does this come with the back hinges and scres so it can be attatched to the back of the cooktop?
Will it work on an Atwood or Wedgewood 21" stove top?
What is this made of? Plastic or Metal?
will this support the weight of a 20"X10" electric griddle?
What are the dimensions
is this that fingerprint texture on the outside
is this that fingerprint texture on the outside
what is the power consumption rating of Frigidaire FFTR1817L 18.2 Cubic Foot Top Freezer Refrigerator with Store-More Organization System
Can you move the wire shelf in the freezer up to the top notch? It is way too low for what I need to use the space for.
Who delivers and will they place it where we want it? This is going in our garage and we have no refrigerator that needs to be moved! Thanks so much
Do you remove old refrigerator
What size/diameter is the Romex (clamp) that goes in the junction box? Going to get a Whirlpool and direct wire it. Just need the Romex.
Am I reading this right? Is the cord only 6 inches long? How do you plug it in if it is that short?
Is this 14/3 or 16/3 wire size.13 or 15 amp
Hello As long is it?
Has anyone used this on a Bosch dishwasher?
Will this work/rated for Whirlpool washer as well?
Will this work for a kenmore ultra wash HE dishwasher?
Does the ground wire (green) have a circular end on it? The pic looks like it's just a straight wire at the end.
is this a 16 gauge or 14 gauge cord
how long is the cord
Which filter goes w/whirlpool fridge w/2 doors, deli drawer &amp; bottom freezers. Which filter do I need? Thx.
can this unit be hooked up to copper tubing?
I got this filter but the back of my Frig has this big white water hose going into the bottom of the unit ....What happened to the small hose ?
Does this fit or have adapters for threaded in-line fittings (1/4" FNPT)?
does this filter iron &amp; sediment?
ukf8001axx-200 water and ice filter -whirlpool - what replacement do I need ? or do you have it ?
Can you please state in the description the type of nuts. male or female plugs this In-line water filter requires "OR" show a close-up (bottom &amp; top)
Can I stack a 4-Inch by 4-Inch by 14.5-Inch on top of another 4-Inch by 4-Inch by 14.5-Inch?
Does this item have metal on the feet which might discolor or rust?
can you stack two on top of the 8in X 4in x 14.5in container? The image above seems to do exactly that, but mine won't stack up.
Is this 4 inches wide? Is it a slightly different width at the bottom vs the top?
Will 8 oz jelly jars fit in this storage bin or are there any better bins for storage of 8 oz jelly jars? Thanks.
How do you remove the wide sticky tape that held the adverting on the inside bottom of the bin?
Are these stackable when they contain food items?
Is the inside bottom smooth or have ridges?
If I were to stack three same size binz one on top of each other, would I be able to slide the middle drawer in and out easily
Are these BPA free? Does not say in the description.
Can your plastic freezer bins withstand a freezer temp of -80C?
Is the bottom of this clear or is there a seam across the middle? We plan to use this as a tide pool viewer for photography.
I just received mine. On the bottom center is a jagged edge where the plastic was cut. Does anyone else have this issue? Thanks
Has anyone tried these to hold 12 ounce plastic coke bottles? Those things just won't stand up on wire shelves...
Is this bin suitable for the FREEZER? (I see others that say Freezer Storage Tray, but they are too big for my freezer.)
I'm trying to find a 12g extension cord for my washing machine. Any ideas?
he pictures show both a 3-prong that is normal and a 3-prong that has one prong that is perpendicular with the other. Which is this product?
The pictures show both a 3-prong that is normal and a 3-prong that has one prong that is perpendicular with the other. Which is this product?
Can this be used outdoors? Or do you know of a flat extension cord which is indoor/outdoor?
what is the amperage rating on this ?
What size is the wire?
what gauge is this Stanley 31536 extension cord?
How to get it to be colder?
Can this fit a 5lb CO2 tank instead of the 2.5lb?
What beer types does it take? Different kegs have different adapters. I want one that will dispense Amber Boch
What else do I need to buy besides a Keg in order to get this up and running? (i.e. CO2 tank, Keg interface)
whats the W size of the water pipe
Keggermeister KM2800BK Kegerator, Tower mounting flange or hub is broke on the one I have and I'm looking for a part supplier to replace part.
Can you change the tap handle?
What PSI do you have your's set too, as well as how long do you let your keg sit before it should be good to go? I'm getting a lot of foam on pours,
Whats the coldest you have gotten the tower? I'm having a problem getting it past about 44. I've had it plugged in for 2 days now, does it take some time before it gets cold? Also i've heard some people talking about putting a fan inside, where would i...
Can you add a dual tap conversion kit?
Is this the OEM?
what size is this gasket
does this gasket fit Kenmore freezer door? because i have the same part number for my kenmore.
Will this gasket work for Amana model bx22s5w?
Will this gasket work on an Amana arb2217c ?
I have an amana fridge, model number TZI21Q2W , will these gaskets fit my freezer door and fridge door??????
will this replace amana model bz22rl freezer gasket
will this freezer gasket replace mdl bz22rl amana
Will this work for a Kenmore smart reach?
this is the same part number as the one Sears says is the substitute for a Kenmore smart reach. Is this correct?
is one-faucet connector included?
How much pounds of clothes does this machine hold?
What type of faucet do you need to buy so the one-faucet hook-up will fit? Is there a piece you can buy to screw into your existing faucet? Thanks.
What is the Cutout Width and Cutout Depth of this cooktop?
Do you have to have a down draft with this cooktop?
Up to what size diam pot can i use on the medium sized burner?
Does it have built-in downdraft ventilation?
how much clearance below unit
do I need ventilation with an induction cooktop?
How much electricity does this use compared to a regular electric cooktop?
What type of pans do I need ?
Are the button controls underneath the hood or on the front? I can't tell from the picture.
What is the minimum clearance between bottom of hood and top of burner? Just returned another brand that required 30"
Is this range hood 42"? The dimensions are listed as being 39.7" wide...
What is included with the hood? Light bulbs? Ductless components?
Has anybody figured out how to add a turn-off button or anything like that to rid this sentry system? It seems always on as we use ovens a lot. Thanks
do you supply the liner that goes with it?
does this item come with the power cord? do we need to purchase any thing else to make sure it works?
is it remote control
can this be used with ducted system?
do you have to use halogen lights or can you substitute LED?
I ordered the light bulbs listed but they stick out the bottom. I was expecting them to be flush. Is this "Normal"?
I love mine but one of the lights keeps burning out why?
Can you turn the fan off yourself or does it turn off by itself?
This is a re-circulating fan correct? Does it need charcaol filter?
can this hood be vented out the wall?
Do the halogen bulbs ship with the product? Also, I noticed that someone had previously indicated replacement with LED bulbs worked fine. True?
Do you have to order the conversion kit separately or does it come with it?
cfm*
Do all lights need to be on at the same time, or can fewer/less light be used? Where do you buy replacement bulbs?
Can this hood be ducted horizontally through a wall?
How loud does it get?
Is this a plug in or does it require hard wiring?
whats the diameter of the hood?
80% sure I'll vent it outdoors, BUT if I choose ductless, has anyone noticed if exhaust from top of unit discolors white cabinetry?
I live in a cold snowy climate. Will venting it outdoors allow a bit of cold air to seep in when fan is not in operation?
Is this one of the upper bins that are larger and can hold a gallon of milk?
Is this for the Right door or the Left door? I cannot find the Ref code in your descripton
The bottom of my bin has a number of DA63-05391. It measures 13.5" x 9". What is the replacement number that I need?
Will this fit my drawer says da63-05391
is this compatible with a samsung rfg297aars? Your listing says it is, but the dimensions do not match the part I have. My dimensions are 13.5 x 4 x 9
Does this fit Model #RFG297AAS?
will this fit model number rfg298hdrs?
Is this compatible with samsung rfg237aars/xaa door bin replacement?
Will this bin fit Samsung Model R4287HARS/XAA?
I'm looking for DA63-05391. is this product compatible?
Is this a convection oven?
is that a warming drawer on the bottom or is it just cosmetic?
Is this a gas or electric OVEN?
I would like to buy this to ship to my home in the Caribbean. How would this work with regard to the 'white glove' thing?
Is shipping free?
Can you buy this stove for propane? Or is there a conversion kit? How Much $ ?
Does this range have a down-draft?
what is the GPM......gallons per minute of this filter?
Does this Pentek filter replace the Keystone GHPT-10 GIANT filter (053432) (BG10 housing)? Thanks!
I am currently using BB10GAC Big Blue 10" GAC (Carbon) Cartridge 4" Diameter. Is this the same filter I could use?
Does it fit inside 10filter housing
ARE THESE FILTERS MADE IN THE USA???
What size are the "cut-holes' for this cooktop ? I want to make sure it will fit into the space.
Will it take propane gas?
I got this cooktop recently, but there is about 1/2 inch gap between the cooktop surface and the control knobs...is this normal?need to force it down?
does this cooktop have pilot lights?
How about a griddle for this unit
can u add a grill on I side
What would be necessary to run it on propane? Also, the answer below mentions 5 burners; there are only 4.
Is it a downdraft?
Does this product run on natural gas or propane?
Does this have continuous grates, or four individual ones?
What size are the "cut-holes' for this cooktop ? I want to make sure it will fit into the space.
does it come with a griddle
does this come with an LP conversion kit?
What are the grates made of?
What are the grayness made of? Thanks!!
Understand, but can it be lit if the power is off? Some newer models have a valve that will prevent this and we live where power is not reliable.
What are burners power in BTU ? I do not want a toy but a stove to cook.
Does this cooktop require a power source?
Does this come with an LP conversion kit?
how many amps does it handle?
When this is plugged in the bottom outlet, can you still use the upper outlet?
Can you tell me which end rotates? The plug or the outlet?
Is this plug white, or the beige as in the customer images above?
How long is this cord?????
My ice maker does not have the arm on it to stop making ice will this one work
Anyone know if this will fit a kenmore 58251 side by side? Looks the same but I know harnesses can be different. Thanks.
Will this work on a Kenmore model 106.56544400,serial ss3233581? If not do you have one that will?
What is the warrantee that comes with this?
Hi! I was wondering if this part fits a Whirlpool model ED5GHEXNO?
does this fit maytag
How long after installing the unit did it start producing ice? The manual says it may take up to 24 hours. I'm still waiting after 4 hours.
Does this ice maker have a warranty? If so, what is it (how long)?
Will this fit &amp; work with a Whirpool model # 106.55242400?
Will this work with a Kenmore model 106.59966803?
Does anyone know a web address to get a manual? I just bought a home and this unit is installed but no manual left by prior owner.
I have a progress light that has a greenish (very slight) tint to the glass. Does this rangehood have that quality?
does it have 11ft ceiling capability
Can anyone please tell me how to program the clock on the range hood?
light
Can the exhaust fan be mounted remotely? Is the control writing extendable, or is the control wiring too specialized that it is very hard to splice?
Is it ventless?? Ie. Do the two filters absorb all the uptake (smoke,fumes etc) thereby not needing a takeaway duct to the outside of building ???
does this stove have an electronic ignition?
What is this? Heating Elements 4 On a gas stove?
what is this? SystemBatteries IncludedBatteries RequiredNumber of Batteries 0Battery Type no batteries requiredLanguage EnglishAssembly Required
what is the proper weight ? Item weight is 178lb. shiping weight is 150lb. or product description 156lb?
Our 1997 Whirlpool gentle cycle has failed. Which HE or old school agitator did you buy to replace Cabrio ?
dryer heats up but is not drying my clothes
while washing does the machine make load noises
how can i soak items
is there any way to increase the water it uses so it actually cleans my clothes?
Is this washer a fully automatic machine or do you have to manually set it to rinse and spin?
What can be done about the detergent spots left on the clothes? I know that you can wash them again without detergent but that is defeating the purpos
what makes the waher not go from wash cycle to rinse cycl
can i still use dryer until its fixed
rust spots on clothes after in samsung dryer
For those of you who had parts AND labor covered by Samsung on your out-of-warranty DV330AEW, any tips? I can only get them to cover parts right now.
NEED PART FOR DC330AEW/XAA DRYER - PART # DC067-00180B
Is Ceramic or induction???
What is the cutout width and depth?
Will this work on a 30 amp breaker or does it need 40 amps?
This Product Really weighs 1 pounds?
I use a pressure canner. Will the large burner and cooktop be strong enough to support it's weight when loaded with 7 full quart jars or 10 full pint
I'm looking for a cooktop that is solid black. Some of them have little speckles in them. Is this cooktop solid black? Thank you
Do these burners glow red when turned on?
This product could work with 220v?
how long is warranty ?
What size are burners
Is it noisy? My current LG wall oven just died today and it was noisy-fan stayed on from beginning to end.
Do either/both ovens have time-bake feature?
Is there a Shabbath mode?
Does it have two timers that can operate simultaneously for when both ovens are in use at the same time??
Is there a bread proofer
Is one of ovens convection?
Is warranty offered by Frigidaire? Some manufacturers don't standby their warranty if the product is brought online.
What year is this oven?
What is the cut out height dimension?
Does this have hidden heating element or exposed? Thanks.
Dimensions given are 29"x24.5"x27". Is this 29"H x 24.5"D x 27"W?
need owners manual
is there a delivery fee
Is this Convection Oven ?
How cold dose it get? I mean, what temperature will it get the can down too? 35&ordm; - 40&ordm; ?
Will it hold a pint of milk in the standard carton?
would this work with glass , say a bottle of Heinkein
there are two "on" positions on the switch... the "manual" doesn't specify - what's the difference between them?
Why don't you buy a cooler?
How much electricity does the cooler use?
Do I have to have a computer to run it, or can I buy a USB-wall adapter to plug it into the wall?
How much noise does it make?
Will these fit the Holmes HAP706 machine?
Does this fit the Holmes HAP 242-UC unit? I do not know if the "UC" makes a difference?
I bought these air filters and it did not say on the box they were for the HAP 240 air filter, so I returned has anyone else had that problem
Is this considered an A type filter?
Will these fit the HAP716...struggling to find right replacement. My unit says D filters and I notice that we previously had A filters in there!
my paperwork shows this as the replacement filter, HAPF300D but it is not showing my unit model # which is HAP716-U they look the same on the one side but the ones I have have clips on the other side. Will they fit my unit?
I have a Holms Air Purifier and the bottom of the filter reads: HAPF300 true HEPA Filter. QUESTION? Will these filters fit my machine?
Does this filter fit a HAP9412WF Model
Does anyone know if this replacement filter will fit a Claritin tower air purifier? The cartridges look very similar.
Does it fit the Holmes&reg; HAP1200?
Is this a low energy appliance?
what are the mesurements
is it supposed to make a slurpy/grinding sound? its not terribly noisy, but its at least as loud as my refrigerator. it was delivered dented.
how much freight to 40228?
Does it need roller wheels to move around? Can you recommend some that would fit to make thie freezer portable?
Does anybody know the inside dimensions?
what temperature does it go down to celcius or farenheit? is it adequated for breastmilk?
Can I fit a 16" pizza box sitting flat inside of this freezer?
is it NSF approved
Is Amazon still shipping the discontinued model DCF401W1 or are they now shipping DCF401W? Danby's website says DCF401W1 is now discontinued. TY!
How long of warranty does it have? I purchased mine in 2012 and it is no longer working.
Once ice is made does it start melting or does it stay frozen? I don't want to sit and empty small containers all day...
Can you hook up a water supply to it so that you do not need to continuously refill?
DOes this machine make "clear" ice or regular ice?
How fast will it fill an empty basket with ice?
What is the capacity of the basket the ice is held in? In other words how much ice does the basket hold? I understand it makes 28lbs total.
Ship to argentina?
Does this ice maker make the nugget ice like they use at Sonic?
How much water does it hold?
what is the ice maker PN so I can order a new one for my 12 month-old fridge????? the water passes through it without forming ice &amp; drips...
are there 2 ice makers or 1?
The ice maker stopped working after about 12 months, now it constantly makes a clicking noise every 1-3 seconds. Any ideas?
Is this a counter depth refrigerator?
Does this come with everything I will need to hook it into the water line that we have roughed in (i.e- lines, adapters etc)? If not what will I need?
what are the dimensions
How do we fix a Samsung fridge control panel that keeps flipping to off?
Has anyone had an issue with the water tasting musty? My house water is perfect. Changed the filter 2 months ago and never had any issue until now
My refrigerator started making loud popping noises after about 5 months. Was told noises are normal.
filter replacement
On the Samsung French Door refrigerators, does anyone else have an issue with the freezer door making a loud crack or pop noise when being opened?
Is the front of the refrigerator magnet friendly?
shipping and handling is $352.49. is there a way to get rid off this fees? and whats the return policy on the item is there is any damage or if not wo
Which Samsung washer has a melody at the end of the cycle?
where does the fabric softener go
won't spin out
how are whirlpool washing machine reviews?
leaking
Is this 3.5" high or 3.5" wide ? By the picture, It appears to be 3.5" wide.
Can both units be hung from the wall?
What is the part number for the remote sensor? Can three be used? What is the part number for the probe for the remote sensor?
How can I get instructions on how to set it up
I bought a SPRINGFEILT Precise temt themometer and it has no instructions to set the time for the clock. How can I grt some instructions for it?
i tried setting this up and the indoor temperature shows an incorrect temperature. what did I do wrong?
Can this be set to alarm when the temp drops to a certain temperature, a freeze alert?
will it filter estrogen
Do you have to turn the water off to change the filter?
my current filter says haf-sin/xme and da29-00020a/b. is this a compatible replacement?
Has anyone else gotten a bunch of grey water right after replacing? Is this normal? It clears up after a gallon or so but haven't had this on previous
When they say turn the water off first, is that behind the fridge or MAIN water line?
Will this fit the samsung RFG297HD?
Last 2 filters we bought "lasted" almost exactly 6 months. Is our usage that consistent? Or does the change filter light come on every six months?
Can I getl the same picture Samsung DA29-00020B that you posted?
Does this water filter fit/work with Model RF25HMEDBSR Samsung refrigerator?
Just bought this, installed it but the water tastes horrible. Same as tap. Anyone getting this issue?
does it include the piece that open when the fan is on and close when fan is off so the air from outside will not follow back into the house?
How does one remove accumulated lint? Snaps off?
Does this unit come with the 4" round aluminum pipe and plastic collar?
what does that 4" measure? the size of this vent or the size of the vent itself? since I am replace one, need to know whether it will fit. Thanks.
does this unit include the grille?
does this unit include the grille?
what is the measurement with the door open 90 degrees?
frigidaire gallery 2435
fridgedare dishwasher
How do I change the time?
what are the dimensions?
How accurate?
How do you turn this on? I have a working battery in it. It's not turning on and no pressing of any combo of buttons makes it go on.
How do I change the temperature from Celsius to Fahrenheit
How to Calibrate??? Does anyone know if this can be calibrated ? 'Removed board; no means of setting temp.
What are the customer reviews for Frigidaire 30" 5 burner gas stove?
does it have a broiler
Does this oven range come with LP conversion kit?
Is this range LP or Natural Gas?
Just want to make sure: this is "old style", right? Meaning, it actually has an agitator? I have to get away from this "new" stuff!!
I'm think aboit buying this washer but I just don't know if its large enough. there isn't anyplace near me that I can look at one in person. anyone know how many pair of jeans can fit in one load? We Have a large family.
do I need to buy the 4 yr warranty since speed queen has a good warranty on their machines?
does this have a stainless steel tub?
differences in models, how well agitators work, spin speeds etc
can i make water level go higher permanatley on new speed queen top load washer since water restrictions on new washer
How deep is this washer? I'm 5'4" and have a hard time reaching the bottom of my current washer. Thanks!
can you adjust the water level
What's the Rpm on the spin cycle?
Can I use HE laundry soap in my new Speed Queen top load washer without causing any harm?
Where can I get my co2 tank refilled for my kegerator
does it come with a cleaning kit
Will it accomodate a Coors/Miller keg (the oval shaped ones)??
how long can beer last in this kegerator?
Is this unit frost free or auto defrost?
How quiet is this compared to a regular refrigerator?
what are the dimensions of this item
How to replace Light
Does this model have stainless steel side panels?
Does the freezer drawer automatically come out when you open it?
Mullion (bar between two doors) is tight on my LG so I have to rotate by hand to close the left door. Is this normal or will yours rotate freely?
I turned the ice maker off for a few weeks and now turned it back on and it stopped working. Any suggestions?
Is it actually in stock and can be shipped in 2 -3 days?
What does your warranty cover and for what period of time?
How is this refrigerator shipped? Via amazon's normal UPS method?
Does this include installation of the refrigerator?
does this fit v3700 with Starry Night Light model?
What are the dimensions of this filter?? WF2
is anyone using this in a Vicks v3900? I know it says it fits the model, but the filter that came with mine was flat, not a cylinder.
Is this antimicrobial?
Is this filter type A?
Do these filters have a metal piece in them or are they just the white filter?
Do you know if this (ProTec WF2) or any other Protec or after market filter would work with the Air-O-Swiss e2441 (which uses AOS 7018 filter)?
my model is v3600 will these fit and work?
Does this filter fit model V3800 ?
Does this fit the Vicks V3700 Starry Night Cool Mist Humidifier?
Is there some assembly required? I need to know if the customer has to add the fluid for the thermometer
where to find instructions
Can this unit be hung flush on a wall surface?
Will this be accurate if I live at 5,000 ft elevation?
Is the case made out of wood?
Can you hang this on a wall?
Mine did not come with directions! The clock is not working...is there a certain size battery it needs? Also how does one adjust the barometer?
How do you adjust the Barometer? It say adjust before use-See instructions!! There are no instructions!!
How do you read temperature from it? Do you need to calibrate the station?
come with any warrenty for parts &amp; labor?
Refigerator is not cooling. I can't get it below 61. I try to put it to 36F, but it goes right back up to 61F. Freezer is working well.
specifications
what replacement water filter replacement
What voltage is the item
Which is better for delicates and to get out Stains, this or a Manual Washboard?? Will a washboard wear out my clothes but get them cleaner?
Can you use it in a clean utility sink? (Laundry sink) It seems like that would be easy to drain and refill for rinsing, but is it too big?
How do you use this portable washing machine?
How do you dry your clothes after using this? Do you ring them dry with your hands and then hang them?
is this really easier and/or more effective than just agitating the laundry with your hands or stomping with your feet?
How big a bucket should be to use this washer? Of course bucket... (This was auto correction.... which annoys me)
I'm thinking of doing this in my bathtub. Could I rig it with a broom stick for length? I have a bad back.
Does anyone have a copy of the instruction sheet?
1) Where can I get free water bucket? 2) Should I get a prop 65 bucket that I seen at a 99 cents store? Thanks!
How is this better than just using a regular plunger?
door locked ,why won't it open or run?
Machine bounces around during spin cycle although it is levelled. Why and how can we stop this?
Is this full sized
Washer will not spin or drain.....Np code
what is the replacement part # for door boot seal?
Does this model have the soft close crisper drawers?
Can the ice maker be removed to make more room in the freezer?
What is the front of the door made of,,,aluminum stainless steel other?
does this fridge have one of those shelves that could slide in to make space for taller items like the ge space saver shelf?
Does anyone have problems with the ice being knocked out of the ice box when opening the freezer?
What year of manufacture is this refrigerator?
Does this fridge have an on/off switch for the ice maker?
How has this refrigerator been working out for you? Any regrets?
does it have a turntable?
will my "pasta boat" fit? It measures 12 inches long.
I'm confused, is the length (from side to side) of the microwave 20.3"? Or is the depth 20.3'?
dimensions, please...?
How to set for seconds
Wow the price was $118 with free shipping, then it went to $143 with free shipping and now today it's $105 and cost $40 to ship. All that in 4 days?
I was going to order one but the price jumped from $118 to $143 in a day so it's cheaper to order it from Frigidaire. Why did the price jump?
Does the light stay on when you open the door?
I saw a manual online for the heating elelment number being 339655 and my whirlpool dryer is LAE5900w0. Is this the correct element?
will this unit replace part # 696579 5400 Watt? Thanks.
Model LE6150xsw1 is this the correct part?
will this part work for Model LE7810XPN0?
WILL THIS PART WORK FOR 110.60912990
I have a whirlpool dryer model LAE5900wo will your three items fuse, thermostat and element work with this model?
Have whirlpool lde6400w1. is this correct element ?
I have Kenmore Model Series 64611 Model # 76461110 Stock # 64611 Serial #F521 05115 Heating element has no # on it presently. Will this fit?
Excuse me, do you made ships to mexico?
Hello, I have a maytag dryer model LSE7804ACE. Is this the correct part?
Will it fit model# 11027612600
Have a 70 series model - number on the factory pump on it now says 8559331. Anyone know if this pump will work on it (they look identical in pics)
how does pump come off
Does it fit on kenmore washer series 90?
Does this come with the two clips to attach it?
Who makes this part?
What kind of warrenty does this part have? I bought this part on 10/25/14 and it has a crack in the plastic that has started to leak water.
will it fit a 70 series model? Thanks
Do the last numbers matter? My pump part says 3363394, but the 2nd set of numbers don't match, and my repair manual only mentions the first set.
Is the part number the one in the picture or the one in the listing title - Water Pump 3363394 3348015
How do you install it to get it watertight? Looked for youtube videos - no luck!
Hi, can you tell me about shipping charges if I want to order 5 pieces?
Will this work on a refrigerator water line?
Description says 1/4 OD, does this mean it will receive a 1/4 OD tubing?
Is the valve air tight? Can it be used in a low pressure air system?
is this good to use with the type of 1/4 Polyethylene tubing that they use for reverse osmosis systems??
Can this product be used on 1/4 copper refrigerator lines?
what is the diameter of the element and the total kit
Will this work on a Kenmore coil range/stove? Will it actually prevent white area around the element from discolouration when canning?
How do I know which one will fit my stove and work properly?
Our stove is a Frigidaire? Will this element work on it?
Will this burner fit a GE oven Model JB650DFCC?
I have a GE Spectra electric stove......will this fit my appliance? If so, I'm buying TWO!!!
I have a small Hotpoint tove and the picture looks JUST like my element. will this fit my stove??
Does this burner kit work in whirlpool ranges? Thank you.
will it work with kenmore 911.93471891
what diameter of canner can be used
Is this oven has self cleaning option? Where Heating Elements are located? They are inside the oven or underneath lower pan?
required space measurements?
what are the dimensions of the oven?
I've got it attached, but it puts out a LOT of foam. First beer was nothing but foam; no liquid beer at all. I can't see how to adjust it.
I just hooked mine up for the first time and beer is spraying everywhere out of the holes where the faucet screws onto the shank. Any thoughts?
This looks like pretty solid metal tap. It does not look as though it is easily opened &amp; closed by one hand. How do you actually use it?
I tried to plug the cooktop but it gives me a scary spark. Why? What should I do? Any customer service available in the Honolulu area?!?
is the heat generated to the pan placed on the ceramic surface Only and Not to any other stainless steel things around but not in touch with it?
If I set this up as free standing is it safe for a renter to use would it be safer to build it in
Want to drop into my counter top. My counter is 29" wide and want to know if 2 will sit within 29" side by side? Do nOT want counter top model.
How many amps,and does this sit on top of counter if so what is cut out?Thanks
it says built in. At 2.25"h - 0.75"h granite top - 0.437"above counter = 1.063" below countertop, but it instructs to leave 4" around for air. How??
will this be safe built in countertop over stainless steel dishwasher leaving 2" of space in between? will it heat only pan and not dishwasher?
repairs
May I know the made of origin?
Do the wine glass holders work well? Is it gentle on china?
I haven't gotten this yet but can someone tell me how to do just a rinse and hold
Can you run this unit without a water filter
What adjustment is needed to make the ice dispenser not snap open and shut immediately dispensing no ice...?
The upper ice maker drips water through the door dispenser. Repair service has put seals all around the ice maker twice. How do you get this fixed?
control panel for ice reads 1c with E in upper right handcorner
will not dispense water thru door?
fan ices up stops working in ice maker model fghb2866pf2
Has anyone had a problem with the front of the crisper drawer coming off? where do you find a replacement drawer for this model?
Why does fridge dispensed water smell and taste bad?
There is no ice coming out of the door dispenser and I can't pull out the ice bin. It seems stuck, or is there a latch that I need to pull or press?
if there is water leaking from dispenser what do you do?
where is this item made?
this ice maker builds a yellowish mass and have to be cleaning the inside. I guess I have to buy a water calcium filter, which one should I buy?
what size are the cubes?
Can this unit be placed in an outdoor kitchen that isn't fully enclosed?
How easy is it to clean the mold?
Is this unit loud? Is it good for indoor install?
I am buying this pump but I may need an additional part or two. Before the pump started leaking (it still works) it spun off balance pretty loudly and didn't wring the clothes out very well. My exact model is a Roper Stylemaster No. 4214289 rev. A. Any...
Does it come in it's original packaging? and is the upc 50946008387
I have a whirlpool quiet wash i lsb6200kq0. is it compatible?
where can i get a timer switch for whirlpool washer
Will this fit Roper model RTW4440XQ0?
Will this fit Roper model RTW4440
Will this fit Roper model RTW4440
compatible with Kenmore model: 11026914690?
How long does shipping usually take?
Will this replace a 3352293 pump?
I have a 7ft ceiling. can I cut this to top of the chimney to fit it.
I have a 7 foot ceiling. How tall is the housing without the extension?
Does this range hood come with ceiling mouint hardware, and an elbow for the first turn?
Do you have a chimney extension for a 10' high ceiling?
How can I order replacement leds for this unit? One burned out on me. Thank you.
I understand it only displays military time, but have had no success even setting that correctly.. Any advice..?
what are the cfm and does it covert to ductless, if so part number and price for ductless
is LED bulb replaceable?
Is it ductless
Will this our LG model LX31925ST?
I have LG LMX28988 fridge. It needs water filter cartridge part number ADQ36006101. Is this it? thanks
kenmore 46-9690
Does the filter # LG LT 700 P replace the original filter # ADQ36006101?
Does this filter eliminate fluoride? I hope not!
Will this work for LFX31945ST
Can this ice fiter fix on LFX31945st
i have model # LFX28968XT DOES THIS FILTER FIT THIS MODEL
Is it the same as part #: adq36006102
Will it fit LG LFX28968ST?
Can this stand hold a haier washer/dryer? Can someone out there help?
Can the dryer shelf be set at different heights? I'm short and need it lower than 51".
How wide and how high is this?
Does the dryer need to be mounted to the wall or is it safe just sitting on the shelf? It doesn't shift position or fall off if not mounted to wall?
If this is "meant" to be used with an Avanti dryer that's cited on amazon as being 17.3" D, how does the the 13.5" D top shelf support the dryer? (Note: We have the Sonya dryer that's actually 21.2" in depth, I'm wondering if there's any way we'll be...
Does the stand itself have brackets to attach the stand to the wall? And if so, where exactly are the located?
Does this stand fit the Sonya SYD-60E dryer?
Does this fit over a regular size washer?
Do you need tools to put this thing together?
Will the Panda portable washer and dryer fit on this stand?
will this work with kenmore model 106-54563300. part # 626662?
my Kenmore ice maker part is 106. 67292790 or 106.77292790 the ice tray leaks water, do you have a replacement for the whole unit?
will this work on a roper IM#s 106 626636, ice maker has stopped working?
can this replace amana 106 626639?
Will this fit an Amana TX20QL
WILL IT FIT ON MODEL ET22PK
Will this work with a Viking VCBB5362LSS?
Will this work with part #646642? Kitchenaide kssc42fjs00?
Confirm for me if this unit will fit Whirlpool model # ET22DKK BW00?
can the IceMagicPlus module be fitted onto this icemaker?
if it appears F06 and E02 how do you know why it means?
My paddles on the inside two of the three are missing would that make it leak whirlpool duet front loader
Whirlpool duet paddles are missing on the inside would that make it leak
What problems are you having with you Whirlpool Duet GHW9250MT1 washing machine?
how to remove front of washer to get to pump
i have this washer and was wondering if anyone else has eperienced the soap not seeming to make it to the tub. i dont see any suds in the machine!
clothes arent wet all the time. suggestions to adjust water level
Washer won't drain. How do I locate the problem ? Model#wfw94hexw2
How do I remove the front?
whirlpool Model #: WFW8640BW reliability
will it go higher than 50? Cant really have red wine in there...not ideal anyway
is the inside light blue?
What are the measurements, including the handle?
how do you get the temperature below 37
will this part work on my maytag wall oven?
what could replace a modern maid wall oven gas safety valve #nc-4111-5
My frid wall oven has valve 3203702 will this valve work for my oven
Is this valve for use on an LP stove
will this part work on my Hotpoint oven?
can this part work on a kenmore oven?
My valve reads Y-30128-35. Will this part work or will the two letters on the end prevent it? Also, they look just the same
Is this part the same as 5303276601 safety valve? Looking to fix my Tappan oven. 76423223/08011-85029375. Thank you!
Hello- does this part have a UL listing?
Will this fit Maytag/Magic Chef model # 9112XUB
Is this a genuine GE product, or by an after-market manufacturer FOR a GE appliance?
Is this the correct part for the burned-out broiler element on my GE range model JBP80C0F1CC?
I WANT A BROIL UNIT FOR A HOTPOINT MODEL RB787WH1WW
Does this fit JBP78 broiler element? looks exactly the same. Mine caught fire,like welding machine, saw there is a lot of complaints about these oven.
what broil element for GEmodel JBP24BY1WH electric range
Will this broil element replacement work in a GE model #J BP22B K1WH electric range?
Does this unit have a fan in it? Does this unit stay cool enougth on the bottom/sides to use on a dinner table? I want to use it for Shabu Shabu.
Where is it made?
I am interested in a hot plate to use for canning both pressure and waterbath. Can this hot plate be used for that purpose?
How long is the cord? thank you
Looking for one that will hold 175 degree to 195 degree. will it do this when there are only low med high settings.will it hold up to 40 lb in skillet
Can the coil be removed or lifted up to clean the drip tray?
Will it hold a temp. Say 180 F? Or will there be a fuxuation going up and down to maintain a temp?
can i use cast iron cvookware
1500 watts.. this is the maximun single hot plate available ? or broil king got a most powerfull one ?
Does it cook eggs, boil water, cook other easy foods
Will it fit FGHG2366PF which calls for ULTRAWF?
How to replace filter?
I bought this filter on july18 and already it shows to be replaced, i don't understand that since according Frigidaire replace filter every 6 months.
Why is 1 filter the "frigidaire' price of $34.75, yet the three pack is almost five times that price? for that price you could almost get 2 free!
The Frigidaire website is sell Ultra, is it the same as PureSource 3?
Is there a micron rating?
Can a Pure Source Ultra filter be used in a fridge that came with a Pure Source 3 filter?
Is this price per filter or $32.48 for 3 filters?
I bought this version but it didn't fit. I need a Pure Source Ultra. Check what version "Pure Source" you need.
Can it be installed directly in the water line without any additional shutoffs or pressure valves? I have a limited amount of space to install this.
Does it filter out flouride?
Does the filter include a cartridge?
How often does the filter need to be changed on an AP903 when it is used only 4 months a year
Does this filter out radon?
I have a strong sulphur odor in my cold water(on a well). Will your filter remove this?
how is the apif 300 iron remover filter system?
Several people provided bad reviews for the filters not working after a few days. Why did they not last?
How is this system for ferrous iron and metallic ordors?
How much hot water does it use? (ie. is a 6 gallon hot water tank sufficient?)
I'm concerned about noise level and I read lots of reviews that say this is noisy, but how noisy?
stops at rinse and spin cycle, why?
I believe loose coins have gotten down under the agitator. Is it possible to get to them myself or will I have to call a repair every time it happens?
Is it possible to add fabric softener but avoid the power rinse?
Where are. The fuses for the freezer at mine is blow
does anyone know the inside dimensions. They do not say in specificagtions.
Can this be used in commercial kitchen? Is it certified? Also, what is the temperature range?
what are the batteries for? system batteries?included batteries? have never heard of a freezer with batteries
What are the interior dimensions of this freezer?
If you use this for homebrewing with cornelius kegs, can you tell me how many kegs will fit in this freezer? Thank you.
What is the distance between the holes where the heating element is attached to the oven? (center to center)
Where is this part made?
What is the warranty on this product?
Is this a genuine GE manufactured part?
Can i sweat a 1/2" copper pipe to the brass fittings?
How difficult is it to get an old one off in order to put this one on? Any helpful tips?
What is the centerline dimension between the inlet lines? The centerline distance of my incoming hot/cold lines is 2-3/8"
My wash machine does not have a hot setting, is there any way to adjust this so that the ratio of hot water is more than cold?
Why is this valve not approved by plumbing inspectors?
Are there any mounting tabs for securing it to the wall?
My valve body leaks significantly when turned to the On position. Are there replaceable washers under the screws that can be renewed to stop the leak?
Will this kit work on DLGX5171V
Does this part work on DLGX 3571W steam dryer
Does this product work on DLG7188WM?
DOES THIS WORK ON DLG4971W
Will this work on the DLGX3371R?
does this work on DLGY1202W
Will this kit work for LG dryer Model #DLG3171W?
will this work on DLG1102W
Will this work on a DLGY1702V Steam dryer?
will this fit DLGX8001W?? Home depot was useless
will this heating element work with a kenmore 110.66112500?
Will this replace a Whirlpool 8565582 heating element look the same. Mine 5400 watts 240 volts thanks
is this correct for a Kenmore 80 series model 66812694?
When I type in my Maytag Centennial 3403585 part number, this 279838 number comes up, can you tell me if these are the same part?
When I type in my part number for my maytag centennial 3403585, this 279838 part number comes up. Does that mean these are the same part?
Will this product fit my G.E. dryer? model# WSM2420TAZWW OR model# WSM2420TAACC serial# RR600228Z Thanks,
is this the correct heater for a roper model res7745rq0
will this kit fit model REX5634KQ1....Please let me know soon
Have a Roper electric dryer...looking for a heating element and theromostat...Model # of dryer is REX3615EW2. Will this part fit.?
I have a Whirlpool Dryer model LEN2000PW0, would this heating element work ?
Average wash time for Whirlpool #WTW485OBW1
Is it quiet running?
Is the Whirlpool top loader washer WTW4800BQ0 a good machine?
Does your washer sound like it is in a bind when it is washing?
does it come with a warranty
does it have a matching dryer?
I'm having problems with my washer eating my clothes! It's really pissing me off. It doesn't matter the size of the load either. ANNOYED! How about u?
Does this washer have a agitator
What is the companion electric dryer for Whirlpool WTW4800XQ4?
Is anyone else not having "warm" water? When I use the warm water setting only cold water comes out. I have watched it fill til the end, too.
how to fill washer with just hot water no clothes?
how do you load the washer with just hot water and then add clothes and detergent ?
how do you reset washing machine after replacing the lid lock switch
iS IT NORMAL TO MAKE LOUD NOISE AT BEGINNING?
can a fullsize comforter fit and wash in this washer
is code f2 a problem for you?
is it a good one?
My unit doesn't get cold enough. Set to max for a few days, still reads 45 degrees. Any suggestions? I've seen forums that describe adjusting a screw.
I'm looking to install this under a wooden bar. Can the taps be removed/moved to the top of the bar with just the tubing leaving the kegorator?
Can this be used outdoors?
Can u fit a slim 1/4 and a 1/6 together?
Temp
I friend of mine had a kegarator with Beer on one side and root beer on the other. Can I do that with this?
Just want to confirm this unit comes with all the tubing needed so all I need to do is get co2 gas and it is ready to go.
I know from the descriptions, the dimensions are 21.3 x 26.6 x 33.2 inches. Is 26.6" from front to back?
Is the interior of the unit stainless steel ?
Does this kegerator hold colors light or rubber kegs?
Is there a backlight for the display? If not, what is the function of the center button (yellow star symbol inside of circle)?
does it have on/off switch;temperature measures in fahrenheit;measurements!
How long will provide a device, I want a large amount ?
I'm going to send up a weather baloon. I I send up your device, will it record and display the maximum altitude reached?
Does it measure altitude in feet, meters, or both?
Where can I find instructions? Mine came with no instructions.
How many amps of an electronic breaker does this unit require? 15, 20, or 25, or others? thanks
What are the external width and depth of the chimney for this model?
Is this available for pick up? Where in New York as I am in NJ
How tall is the stack on this E159 Broan hood?
how would you rate noise level?
Does the freezer open as a drawer, or a door?
can the can holder be removed or replaced to make the area usable for something other than cans?
I need a fridge this size for my bedroom, can it be plugged into a normal wall socket?
Does it have a ice maker
does it have separate temp controls for white and red wine
Does this model have front vents?
Will the Frigidaire hand magnums?
Does the cooler have a humidity control feature or keep the humidity level constant at 70%
What is lowest temperature?
Hello, How low this freezer will go?
Does the freezer have a drain at the bottom to use when defrosting
[is it frost free
Does this work on the regular house plug?
What are the outside dimensions of the freezer?
What are the INSIDE dimensions of this freezer?
What are the internal dimensions of the freezer, specifically the height from internal floor to lid? Thanks,
What are the dimensions of this product in the box?
Does it have a lock on it? need to keep kids out.
Will this fit fisher paykel dryer model DE08 US2
Will this set fit GE model egd3000boww gas dryer
Will this set fit GE model GFDN110GL0WW gas dryer?
Will this fit a GE model DHDSR46EE1WW electric dryer?
I have a GE dbxr463edww and the drum bearing slide slots have cracked. Will this drum bearing and slides fit my dryer?
Under qty it shows we1m33 listed twice for a qty of 4, do I receive 4 of those or do i receive two we1m481 and two we1m333 ?
will this also fit GE WE14M124 Top Bearing as a replacement?
Is this part compatible with Hotpoint model number nvlr223eh1wo?
Hello. I wanted to know if this would fit my GE Dryer Model DX2300GG7WW.
My Ge dryer model is W25M40, will this fit?
can queen comforter wash in this
Where can I get parts like the drainage hose?
is it loud
How do you deal with the washer spinning out so much that the clothes are horribly wrinkled?
Will this replace INF-240P-871
Does this fit old cooktop with downdraft and knobs in center front?
Is this a "push on" infinity switch that replaces JennAire part num. inf-240p-871 ?
Is the stem on this D shaped or double-flat sided?
The pin-out at the back of the part in the picture is very different from other 700855K. Is it compatible with others?
Will this fit Jenn-Air cooktop model# 2375 90ERS? It is an old cooktop with downdraft and knobs in center front.
will this fit model 3 CF220b cook top part 374 03p402-60
Does this work on the f221 model OR does it have the clockwise rotation start at HI and decreases to LO (i.e., LO is to the left of the OFF at bottom)
will this replace AP4087111 (on a C201-C jenn air cooktop)?
Is this a genuine, factory replacement part or a replica / knock off by some other mfg? TIA
Is this range hood a 12 volt or 120?
What is the actual depth of this hood that will be attached to "under the Cabinet"? If 18" is the depth, is that the measurement from front to back?
Does it filter well?
What are the exact width (outside) Product Description 20" but Product Dimensions say 22" Please give exact width please?
What material is this product made of? Is it metal? Ceramic?
How much do they weigh?
What are the dimensions?
is this replica? because my fridge came with a blue filter, this purple filter leaks,clogs and water taste bad.
Is there a different filter available that removes fluoride?
Can it replace a Kenmore 9930?
are the W10295370A and W20395370 filters the same?
Does one need to flush this filter before use?
Does one need to flush this filter before use?
Unable to remove old filter to replace. Pushed in and turned counter clockwise. It only turned a small amount, and not 90 degrees. How to remove it?
Is this filter can replace ( P4RFKB2 or P4RFKB12)
Will this work for Replacement cartridge P4RFKB2
Should the filter make a strange "woosh" noise (like air) when putting in the new filter?
What are the exact dimensions of the 6-Inch and 8-inch pans?
Where are the measurements taken? My current liners are 7 1/2" from shade to side and the large are 9 3/4"
Will they fit Roper model FE930GW?
Will these fit a GE JBS27B?
Will they fit a Whirlpool RF365BXFN?
Will they fit a GE J BP23D N1WW electric range? Thank you, in advance, for your help.
are these fit jbs27wc1ww range?
Will any of these ceramic drip pans fit a Frigidaire cook top?
Will they fit a Jenn-Air?
Are these relatively easy to clean?
We need dimensions, including width, depth, and heighth please. Thanks!
will a whirlpool duet w/d fit on this ?
Is this 15.5 inches?
will this pedestal fit WFW70HEBW0 model?
do you need to buy 2? or does it only come with one?
Can I use this if the two are stacked? Will it support the weight? Thanks!
Will this fit WFW9250WW and WED9250WW
will it fir Maytag MAH5500 series?
will this fit the whirlpool duet WFW96HEAW FRONT load washer?
Will these drawers work for our Whirlpool duet washier model GHW9160PWO? And matching dryer? I do not have model number for the dryer -thank you.
can this item be used in a studio (in a house) for natural gas and does it have auto ignition? I am trying to replace something similar
Measurements, needed also! This isn't much help...
Is this run on propane?
Can you use a pressure cooker on this Cooktop?
Can it use natural gas, or only propane?
Will this element,thermostat combo fit a Roper model no.-REX3514PQO?
I just purchased this in January and it already burned out. Is there a warranty?
what is the warranty
Will this work with 84" ceilings/7ft? It appears to come in 2 sections. I'll be using ventless.
Unit wobbles a bit...anyone have that problem? Our contractor installed with ceiling bracket, but it moves around a bit when pushing buttons.
I'm pretty concerned about the 4 screws in the ceiling Sheetrock won't hold the vent and it will come crashing down. Do those screws work?
How many amps and what type of connection does this require? Can I hardwire it using romex or does it use a cord to be plugged into a receptacle?
Can I connect the venting pipe from the side or it has to come from the ceiling?
Will this work fora 10' ceiling? If not, is there an extension kit?
We accidentally broke the glass while installing this. Can we get replacement glass?
I have a 80 inch high ceiling, will this work.
what is the minimum number ot inches from the ceiling that this unit can be adjusted to
just to confirm, i can use this model for a ventless/ductless island?
I have a rural home and use a water well that is giving me sandy colored water that has sand in it can you tell me where you put the filter please.
Spec is not telling me what mesh screen is actually coming with this unit. The spec just describes what size mesh screens are available and their application. What size screen comes with this unit?
Difference in performance &amp; quality between mesh filters 60/100/250/500 for Home. Which is finer, catches more and/or last longer?
What happens if its full? Will flow stop? I want to leave this for a couple of weeks unattended
Is it OK to clean the filter element manually using clorox?
Would this work on a rain water collection system? I have a 1" connection from the downspout diverter to the barrel. No pump.
I have a well and get sediments that clog up the inlet valve screen. Which filter SCREEN is better to use FOR FINE SANDY sediment? And is it 3/4 on both ends to fit on the washer hoses?
IS THIS THE SAME FILTER LOWES SELLS ?
What size are the threads at the top and bottom of the filter? 1 1/2" on top and 1/2" on bottom or what?
so this will come with the 100 mesh cartridge and has 2" slip fit in and out correct? thanks karl
I am looking for a filter to screen out weed seeds from ditch water, will this do the trick?
Can this go on the front end of a jet pump to protect the pump from sand and sediment. I intend to add more filters after the pump.
What is the height of the base; we're having a clearance problem with our shutters in the window above our sink and need something about 4 inches tall
What are the measurements of the mounting hole?
Is this the Dark chocolate color? I'm looking for a lighter color with hold flecks throughout.
is this for cold water only?
Can you lock the button open so you don't have to hold it down to fill a large pitcher or something?
I need to estimate the minimum hole size. What is the diameter of the threaded shaft?
What size/diameter is the connection line to the water supply?
Non air gap or air gap?
is this metal...
Is this faucet metal or plastic?
any metal parts on this sedemint filter? i have sulfur well water and it destroys all things metal...
Each water supply is different, but in general how often does the filter need to be replaced vs. regular cleaning?
What is the pressure rating on this filter? Our water pressure can be over 100 psi.
What is the pressure rating on this filter? Our water pressure can be over 100 psi.
What is the head loss thru the filter w 100 mesh screen?
I think I get the intended use of this, but I just want to make sure... Can this be used as a pre filter between my well and well pump?
My well water contains silt that clogs my washing machine. Which filter should I use on the washing machine cold water inlet line?
I will need a 60 mesh filter with this system when I order. How do I go about selecting that specific filter when I order?
What grid filter comes with this model?
what kind of a rating would you give this ice maker?
I'd like to know how to clean out the resovoir? Do you need to disassemble the whole machine?
Is there a one year warranty on this ice maker? It 'died' after 2 months of use. It sat, unused, for 7 months, now it won't make ice.
where to by parts
going on vaca with no stores to get ice need to bring my own and keep frozen will this do the job?
I need to know if the inside part of the ice maker down where the water goes is stainless steel?
How does it keep ice cold?
Voltage: Is it 110v-240v?
How many lbs. ice?
where can I locate an owner's manual?
I am wondering if this would fit Amana front load washer model NFW7200TW
What size is this? It says 6", but I think it must be 6'. What's the outside diameter?
Do you know if This type of drain hose can be used for portable" Magic Chef " washer machine?
Does this dran hose work with Whirlpool model LSR8444LQ0?
Can anyone tell me IF I can use this hose to extend a 6 ft washer drain hose that is already attached?
would you recommend this for a top loading HOTPOINT washer
I have a kenmore side by side model # 57398601 will this control board work with it?
My Frigidaire stopped freezing /cooling. There is build-up of frost in the freezer. Will this part rectify the problem? Model FRS6R3JB4
The new harness has one connector where there are two connection places on the damper. Which of the two available places should I connect ?
I have a Frigidaire FRS26KR4DB6. Would you plz confirm this is the correct defrost timer for my unit before I order it?
Is this unit counter top or built in?
will it work with a 12 inch cast iron frying pan? is there a shut off timer?
If both burners are used at the same time, will power be split between the two?
is this Eurodib induction cooktop manufactor made in china
Does it use 220v or 120v?
Power Requirements and output: Can the description be amended to include these items?
how do i reboot a kitchen aid kude60hxss5 dishwasher because the blue light on the front is flashing and the cycle is getting interrupted ?
How is the 2014 model?
Is there a way to turn off heated drying? All I have is a ProDry button and it doesn't even light up when I press it, but heat runs with every wash.
Is water cold during first cycle
Model # KUDE20FBWH reviews?
What is the voltage and frecuency of the dishwasher.&iquest;
I am building a new home and looking for a way to deal with hard water without the use of salt or potassium. How does your system work?
On the Abundant flow website you have the option to get a chrome or stainless steel jacket. Is that an option on amazon?
Does it filter the chlorine?
Is this a Nelsen scale prevention system?
If this breaks is this unit repairable? My old one from lowes was not and the plumber suggested I buy one that was
Does this system remove iron? My water has an extremely high content.
What are the inside dimensions? I want to display eggs in cartons at the farmer's market. Can it be used for that?
About how many standard water bottles could fit in this fridge? Does it allow for 2 rows of water bottles on the top and bottom?
Do you ship to Mexico? Thank you!
I see conflicting answers to dimension. One says 20 inches high while another says 19 inches high. Which is it? My opening height is 19 inches.
I see the measurments but it does not specify which one is the width/depth/height.. can anyone give these to me?
I live in Florida. Will this beverage cooler work in the garage ?
I see it has a removable shelf. Can it be adjusted higher or lower than just in the middle
Will this hold 16.9 oz water bottles nicely? If so about how many would fit? Thanks!
Am I right in thinking that the air filter is not necessary? One reviewer discovered they didn't even have one installed when the change light went on 6 months after purchase!
Can someone please provide me with the exact dimentions, height, width?
Does this filter fit a whirlpool side by side model #W10325109??
Is this Filter W10311524 compatible to W10335147A? I have a side by side Whirpool P/N 106.51133210
Can one buy just the carbon paper that goes in the filter?
whirlpool conquest refrigerator GS6SHEXNS air filter location....i cant find where it goes
where is this filter located
Do you change the whirlpool fresh filter when tab is completedly red?
I have a Kenmore Elite side by side made by Whirlpool. The part number for the Kenmore is: W10335147A - Does anyone know if this is the same filter?
Does the filter come with the filter status indicator
Rather than ask if they'd fit my brand range... may I ask how they're measured? Is it rim edge edge, inside lip to lip, or bowl edge to edge?
I have a four year old Whirlpool electric stove. I can't find out if they will fit my model. Any suggestions?
will they fit a a maytag cooktop too
Do the whirlpool drip pans fit a Caloric electric stove?
Do the pans have the rim around the edge or do they fit into a separate rim?
Are these very shiny/glossy? Trying to match the trim on my cooktop and tossed between ordering black and chrome finish. Thanks
Will they fit a Frigidaire stove
Do these fit the Kitchenaid range?
My electric stove is Danby model DER3009W would these work?
I have a GE stove over 20 years old, will they fit?
Are 6" and 8 " the outermost dimensions of these? The old ones I want to replace are bigger, but they seem like standard burner sizes to me.
Is this a drip pan and ring combo?
Are they easy to keep clean or does it require a lot scrubbing, re: the black set?
is the price for all the fourt drip pan
Will these fit the newer Whirlpool ranges? I ordered a new black Whirlpool range and it comes with the cheap looking chrome drip pans.
do any of these choices NOT rust? i want to throw in dishwasher
will they fit an old caloric range?
Will these fit my whirlpool model rf365pxy electric range?
Do these have the small rectangular hole so the burner clip will fit through.
Do these fit a Fridgidare Stove ?
after two uses the large drip pan has paint missing can this be replaced or repainted.....
How do I measure for drip pan size?
How long do the Grey/ Biscuit pans last?
Has anyone used these on a Frigidaire stove? Our stove came with drip pans that look like this but they are in terrible shape now.
is this compatible with the samsung 9100 series washer?
Will this stacking kit scratch my Washer? I would like to use this but I want to have the option to go back to a single if needed. Thanks
Samsung 9100 series are specified 42.6" high each. Will kit add to overall stacked height (i.e. &gt; 85.2") since I have limited ceiling clearance?
does this keep stop the vibration when load is off balance? we have unit stacked but not sure if plumber used a kit. thanks
Does someone know if this would stack ANY combination of samsung washers and dryers?
I haven't received my order yet but I want to know if I have to install anything on before lifting the dryer or after. Thanks in advance!
I have enough silverware baskets in my dishwasher but wondered if this basket will fit on the top rack?
Will this work with any dishwasher? I have an LG dishwasher..Thanks
anyone have these clips on a bosch 500 series in particular? basket wire diameter varies greatly, even on the bosch lines. thanks,
Will this work on Maytag dishrack?
Is this stackable or regular size? Thanks!
what is the size of the washing drum on the inside??
leak
Have the dryer? Can you stack a dryer on top, I need a stacking pair
is the manufacturer's warrenty intact?
is this big enough for a queen sized comforter?
is this big enough for a queen sized comforter?
Is this dual voltage ? Can it support 240 voltage?
what is the matching dryer to this washer?
What about installation? Will they install it on delivery?
Are these food grade? As in, I can put them directly in with dry food in metallized bags?
I have 5 gal buckets. What size Oxygen absorber do I need?
can I just throw them in trash can that has a mix of boxed and sealed foods?
How does the oxygen indicator work? Is pink good or is pink bad?
Are they made in the USA?
How can I tell they are working
How many would I have to put into a 1 gallon bag?
Will this fit the 1210 M5G?
will the dustcover be double boxed for protected mailing?
Will this cover work on the older Technics SL 1500? Can you give me the dimensions of the cover, I can not find them in the descriptions. Thanks
Will this cover also fit on the mk2?
Does this cover work for the SL-1210 MK2? (It appears it does. Just want to double check)
are the holes already drilled for the hinges?
Will this fit the SL-D2 model?
Will this fit a vintage SL1500?
I own the mk5 TT. Do you also sell the correct hinges that mate the mk5 with this dust cover? Thx.
How do you change the temperature reading from centigrade to Fahrenheit ?
What are the dimensions of the unit?
Has anybody compared the readings from this thing to a higher-end RH monitor?
Is this accurate?
How to Calibrate??? Does anyone know if this can be calibrated ? 'Removed board; no means of setting temp.
Does this remove the mold and stains as well as kill it?
Does this kill hantavirus and can it be used in a fogger?
What is the difference between the disinfectant &amp; presoak solution?
Can i spray this product into my air exchange &amp; will it kill mold spores and bacteria in my air ducts??
How long does the smell last after application? Did this cause any allergic reactions to users who have allergies and asthma?
do I need to dilute the solution before spraying ?
Can you use this on old records, some going back to late 1800's, to get rid of mold? Will the stains or mold spots disappear or is it more of a neutra
This is a 1 gallon bottle?
Does any one know if this product can be safey used on leather seats of a vehicle?
Can these Knobs fit a GE Profile Model PGB916SEM1SS SERIAL NO. WH254149P?
Will these knobs fit a GE Model JB630RFSS
Does this fit a GE Profile gas range with number 183D8269 stamped on the back?
Will this fit on stove model EER4001N02SS
Does this fit JGP633SETSS? My knobs have "191D5100" stamped inside and this came up when I searched it
CAN THESE KNOB FIT A 317B6641P001
Can these knobs replace the black ones provided for the JGB630REFSS (Stainless Steel) model?
DOES THIS FIT ON A GE JBP84SM-SS?
I need a plastic GE knob with a D hole. Is this it?
Will this work for the JB700S N1SS range?
Does this product come with porcelian wire nuts?
I have a GE XL44, Model JGBP26WEA3WW. Will this igniter work for this model, didnt see it listed with the others.
Will the GE WB13K21 igniter fit GE Profile slide in gas PGS975SEM1SS? Thanks!
i have a Kenmore model # 362.75501990. Will this work and easy to install on mine
Will this work on GE model #JBBP28DEJ1CT
i have a jgbs17pea2ad model will this ignator work on this model
Will this fit a GE JGB630REF range? thank you
WB13K21 for GE does this have two side attachments? the last one I orderered fr. another company showed a picture with two attachments but came with 1
Will this work on Hotpoint RGB745BEHFWH?
Will this igniter work on my GE Oven Model #JGBP80CEH2CC, Serial #VF264505P?
does this work for a GE gas oven. The oven does not work and i am looking for an electronic ignitor so the oven will work. model # JGBS17BEL1BB
Will it fit model number jgbp28teh3ww
Will this work as a replacement for Part #PS243425 for GE range model JGBP28DEJ1CT
This is good for Model JGBP79WEB3WW? Thanks
Will this work for a GE XL44 Model JGBP79?
Will it fit model # JGBP33GES2BB
205c139
Hello, will this work with model #JGSP28SENISS?
it will fit that model GE-XL44 ?Self Cleaning Range Oven Round Style Oven or Broiler Igniter part model jgbp35wea1ww
will it fit GE model number JGBP34WEW1WH?
What are the actual dimensions of this item?
Will this rack fit GE Toaster Oven 169220 53?
How much height does the lip in the back add?
Are the dimensions 26.4 x 19.4 x 2 inches the rack itself or the package it comes in?
Is it stainless steel? What material is it made of?
Will this rack fit a WB48T10095? Whenever I put in that # I get this oven rack.
Does this rack fit the GE Range JGB285?
Will this Rack work with JTP55SP2SS double wall oven? The model I own has two humps on either side.
will this oven rack fit model #JBP66COK3CC
Will this hose work with a GE wsxh208a1ww washer?
I have an Avanti portable washer. I need to replace the drain hose. Does anyone know if this fits? I don't have the measurements right now, but I imagine these are quite standardized. I can't seem to find it on Avanti's site...
how long is the hose?
what is the length?
I have a GE model # GLC4400R10BB and from what I can find the part # is wd24x10042, just trying to make sure this will work on mine before ordering?
Like others have reported, my GE WD24X10043 unicouple is leaking at the faucet adapter. What has actually failed within the unicouple to make it leak?
I just bought a GE Model GSC3500D35BB the hose is too short. Would this hose be compatiable.
I have a kenmore 66517729K900 portable dishwasher. This looks like the part I need but can anyone give me any more input?
Is the end that hooks to the washing machine have a screw on end and a clamp on end or just the screw on end?
How long are the hoses.?
Will this unicouple assembly fit a Whirlpool built-in dishwasher, making it work like a "portable dishwasher"?
Does this work on a GEGSC720Y01WH?
Can i use this on a kenmore portable dishwasher?
Do you need a faucet adapter with this or is it included? Many thanks.
Will this fit a wcvh6600hbb
Will this fit my washer model #WCVH6260FGG?
Does this gasket fit GE washer WBVH5200J1WW? GE on line technician said that "The part you are inquiring about is WH08X10036. It is priced at $189.25 , WITH 20% discount." Same parts?
This will fit model WCVH6800HBB correct?
Does fit for GE model# WCVH6600HWW??? Thanks in advance for your input on this!!!
ge model pfws4600l0ww calls for wh08x10053. will the 10036 work properly
Will this fit with model WSSH300GOWW? Is this the only part I would need to replace the rubber gasket or are there other parts I need?
is this an original general electric piece?
Will this fit model WBVH5300KOWW? Do I need any other parts to install it?
Will this fit GE model WBVH6240HWW
Will this motor fit my coin operated GE electric Model DMCD330EJ0WC
Does this motor come with a small drive pulley that goes on the end of the shaft for the belt? I don't see one in the picture...
GE Profile dpsb513EBOWW will this motor fit this machine.. Went to the site for Profile GE and it said it would work?
Does this model WE17X10010 motor come with two screw on pulleys? They are needed for install...
Brand new motor ran for two days. Now the motor will not go beyond a quarter turn. Is there something on the motor that would cause it to lock.
Will this motor replace GE Motor Model # 5KH45BR75S?
will this motor fit GE model DBLR333ETOWW?
Will the we17x10010 replace a we17m37?
can this motor be used in place of we17x32 model dblr333eg6ww. the motor swich is bad in my unit, not sure is i can get a switch to buy by itself
Will this fit a GE Spacesaver dryer Model DSKS433ET0? The rubber motor isolator failed on my motor.
Does this knob fit a GE Model GTDP180EDOWW Dryer?
Does anyone know it this works with GE mod # DBSE463EG6WW
Does this assembly also work for GE washer?
Does it work with gtdp300gm1ws? Thanks
Does this knob fit a GE Model GTDX100EMOWW Dryer?
Does it fit model # GTDP300EMOWS
Will this fit a GE drier model no. DWSR483EG8WW?
Does this part work on model #dbsr463eg7ww
Does this fit for dryer model GTDX180EDWW?
does this knob fit a ge model DVLR223EG7WW dryer
Does this work for GE model PFSS6PKXSS refridgerator?
does this by pass work on ge model TFX25ZPBO
Do you have a water filter bypass plug for a GE Profile Model PSH23PSRASV Refrigerator?
Does this work for GE model GSH25JSDESS refridgerator?
Bought a bypass but my water and cubes still taste funky. My tap water is fine. What's happening?
Do you have a water filter bypass plug that for a GE Profile Model PSH23PSRASV Refrigerator?
will it work for model gss25qatvss
Will it replace the GSWF filter?
Does this part fit a GE model refrierator model GSH22JSDD SS?
Model CSHS6UGZB do you know what water filter plug works on this cafe model refrigerator?
does this transmition fix my ge td1370db washing machine
Could failure of this part cause a slow leak and weak (uneven) agitation?
does it come with the tub seal or do need to order one
my ice maker stopped working after I replaced the water filter, now no water comes into the ice maker, why
Does this replace the FILTER ASM AND TUBE fpr GE LSS25XSW?
How long are the lines
I get a puddle of water on the floor when I use the water dispencer. any help?
I need to replace my Filter assembly . What tool do I need to use. Do I remove the white plate in the front where filter screws into or does it just slide out? thanks
Serial number on my GE Profile refrigerator is TFX26PPDAWW Serial RZ 240781. I need to replace the tray with the automatic dispenser. Is GE WR17X11419 correct model?
We have a GSL25JFPABS fridge and the auger broke for the ice maker. What ice bucket and auger assembly should I order?
G5l25jfphbs serial # tg231048 will this work?
I have a model gss23wgsc refrigerator will this work?
I have a ge model GSS20IETD fridge. I need to replace the auger and bucketWhat is the correct part # to order?
I have GE PTC22MFMAL and wonder which bucket and auger will fit.
Which ice bucket do I need for Model#GSS25WGMD, Serial#MD263355? Tks
Serial number GE refrigerator is GSZ25SGMA BS Serial VD243620. I need to replace ice bucket &amp; auger. Is GE WR17X11419
When I do a search for 197D2303G080 this part comes up. Is it compatible?
Our GE side-by-side is 11 yrs. old Model GSH 25K GMD WW and the auger has broken. Is the GE WR17X11419 bucket and auger assembly compatible?
Hi I need this part for a GE fridge in Venezuela (model GST201BMBW). Is this part the right one?
Does it comes in original GE Box?
I wonder if this part works also in frezeer. I bought another with the exact series of numbers (WR60X10185), but came without the sensor.
Hi, I would like to know if this fan works for Refigerator MODEL PSH23PSRA SV SERIAL SG416993. I bought the fan WR60X10154 and it didn't worked.
I installed a new fan motor wr60x10074 and new mother board but fan still does not run what am I missing
If refrigerator fan WR60X10074 is compatibility with WR60X10185
because I can not read what you are saying green label PANASONIC PART udqt26ge4. kindly transcribed for me to compare it with the demaged part. Thanks
Does this parts compatible with GE 25.4 Cu.Ft Capacity Side-By-Side Refrigerator (Model No.: GSS25LSMB)? Do you sell fan blade?
I need a WR60X10185 with a sensor and this model looks the exact same will it work?
I need WR60X10043 197D2039p006 and this device looks just like it. Is it the same compatible device?
Did this fix your problem if the water line is frozen inside the door? (not just at the water dispenser) I was told by a repair man that he did not think this product would help with a frozen water line throughout the door. My water line doesn't appear...
Will this work on GSL25IGXLS?
Question for the pros: Does this heat constantly, or in cycles. If in cycles, how long? Mine is only heating for the first 30 seconds then stops.
Does this work on model psc23mgsa bb
Think this would work on a GSH25JFXBB?
Will this work for gsl25jftabs?
will this work on model ess25Lsna bs
Does anyone know how to remove the cradle assembly from your fridge? (model number gsl25jfxlb). All of the tutorials are for different models
does this work on model PSC25NSTB
Anybody try this on a Frigidaire side-by-side? My line keeps freezing and they don't have a fix for this. Driving me nuts!
I have a GE Profile side by side refrigerator model PSS26MSRSS. The water dispenser just trickles water. It also makes a little noise while it dispenses water. I tried defrosting water line. That is not the answer. The Ice maker &amp; dispensor works fine....
Will this fit a PSS26SGRESS side by side GE? Thanks
Will this work on a GE GSH25JSTA SS?
Will this fit a Model GSH25JSxn
I determined the coil is open (Ohmed open). My part# is RIV-12AE2 for a model GSS25QGTABB side by side fridge. Is this the correct replacement part?
GE refrigeratormakes ice cubes, but will not dispense them?
GE gshs5kgxgcss can't fix. Changed valve/flapper/Filter Assembly&amp;Tube/solenoid/put filter bypass/Water Tank Assembly, nothing workd. SM leak continue
How do I remove a built in GE Monogram refrigerator to get to the valve in the back?
will this fit in the refri PMZF2LFBAFWW
the connection the water comes in on cracked, (plastic), Does this piece come with it?
does it come with seal and bearing
Does a GE washer model HDRE526E1WW have both the WH38X10002 Transmission and Brake Assembly AND the WH38X10017 Shaft and Mode Shifter Assembly?
this part works for the washing machine model wcsr2090g4ww?
I understood this part nis a replacement for the GE Profile PSF26MGW auger and ice bucket, but I do not see that model in your list. Will it fit or no
will it fit a pss26lgsc ww
does this fit the pshs6rgxcdss?
Will this fit the pss26mgpb ww? does this come assembled, can i just take out the old bucket/auger and slide this one in its place?
will it fit pss26sgpass
WILL IT FIT A PSS26MSRBSS
Will it fit a model #pss26sgra ss?
will this fit ge profile model # pss266ngsc cc?
this is put together correct?
Will this fit a GE PSS23MGTE CC
GE WR55X10552 Main Board for Refrigerator card is identical to the one you see in the picture? wonder why they are making a purchase was not equal to the image.
I have a ge model num. lss25xstb. I need a replacement motherboard will this one work for me
I have a GE Profile model no. PFS22SISBSS and the control brd model no. 0158-04-03.... Will this WR55X10552 work for my model?
will this main board work as a replacement for part number 200D2259G017?? thanks in advance
I have a GFM23REWA WW model fridge and i need to replace the mainboard WR200D6221G014, will this board work??
I found the Ge part number on the main circuit board but nowhere can I find a match or a cross reference. What is the difference in the two boards ?
will this board work for a GE GSL25JFRFBS?
relay on board clicks, compressor or fans will not run, temp. display reads -47
hi,can you tell me if this board will work on ge side by side fridge model # PSM27SHSC GS NO. SL424515
hi , i have refrigerator ge , i need to replacement a Main Board 200D6221G014 , &iquest; you have it ? , this will work for me ?
Is this valve for both the water dispenser and ice maker?
Technical Question: water is flooding ice maker/freezer. Should I assume it's the solenoid valve that's failed? Thanks!
Will this water inlet valve WR57X10333 work on a Sears Kenmore Bottom Freezer Refrigerator Model 795.76204.901
Does it matter what color wire is connected to the pins on a GE WR57X10033 water valve?
My refrigerator is GE GTR18BBS - will this work?
Is this for GE tfx24f
I have a RCA/GE model MTX25G refrigerator that did not come with an icemaker but a GE UK-KIT-4 or a GE UK-KIT-5 icemaker was installed. It no longer works &amp; it has a new water line &amp; I've been told I need a new water valve. Will this one work?
does it read in celsius?? does it read in celsius??
Will this unit give me two readings - one where the main display is and another where the remote is placed (outside)?
Does unit automatically display all three remote zones? What is the battery life? How often is humidity read?
How many feet from the humidifier does the sensor read?
Can it be set to show outside temp. always on display?
If you push the channel button to display say channel #1 which is out doors will the display remain showing the outdoor channel #1 temperature as long I don't push the channel button again?
How accurate is the humidity sensor? (i.e. +/- what % humidity is this accurate to?)
Is this made in the US?
Can it be mounted on a wall?
can you put the sensor in the crawl space under the house and it work?
Is this filter for a Kenmore side by side? Does it install at the bottom of the fridge?
Is the filter 46-9010 the same part as the 9010? That is the number listed on the Sears replacement site.
How long do these filters last? The one from Sears lasts about six months.
Will this work for model # 106.59429801?
your add stated { 2 pack } are there 2 seperate 46-9010 filters ?
We need a Kenmore Refrigerator CYST Water Filter 46-9010 ... don't see the word "cyst" in product description. Is this the "cyst" we need?
Is this filter the same as Kenmore 46 90102
will this work for model 10651103111
will this filter work in a kenmore coldspot 10657789704?
is the whirlpool 4396508 the same as kenmore 90102 refrigerator filter
Good morning I would like to know where I can buy the recirculation kit for Cavaliere SV218Z2 Island Mounted Range Hood
good afternoon, would like to know if this kit is compatible for Cavaliere-Euro model SV218Z2-I42 42 Inch 900 CFM Island Mounted Stainless Steel Range
is there a way to tap both keg at once for use
can this be used to force carbonate beer?
Will this fit a 2.5 gallon corny keg (about 15" high, 8" diameter)?
From what I am reading it seems that if I use a Heineken style keg that has been precharged with CO2 then I do not need a CO2 cartridge/tank. Correct?
Do I need to buy a CO2 tank or does the product come with one? How often does it need to be filled?
What beers can fit this dispenser? All 5 liter kegs?
What is the average temp range? Meaning, does it keep the beer really cold?
is this a thermoelectric cooler or does it use a freon compressor unit like a standard refrigerator?
can you screw off the black tap handle and put on a different one?
I have a Keurig B79 Single (K) cup. Will these filters fit my machine?
how do you replace the filter?
Do they work with the k-45 Keurig brewer?
how long does one filter last before it has to be replaced?
Will it fit my Keurig coffe maker?
will it fit elite b40?
Will this work in the Keurig Vue V1255?
These are knockoffs don't buy?
Are the filters genuine Keurig water filters?
Will these work in the Kuerig single cup maker?
What is the adjustable height of this Range. The Cut Sheet I have says that the 36" height is adjustable, but the documents don't say how much.
How wide is the oven
I want the delivery people move away my old stove and connect the new stove for me. Any charge? If so, how much?
Why is this $4.99 for shipping and does this come in black?
what is the difference between the 46-38447 and an 38447 please?
are there internal threads (female) at ends of filter??
my fridge uses filter 9030, will this filter fit mine? If so do I use the little ends from the old filter to connect this one?
where can I purchase the male connector? Did not come with the filter.
Where can I get connectors for kenmore filter 46-38447?
Is this filter a replacement for 38442?
Are these filters "charcoal" filters? Don't want to assume anything.
Can you use Cuisinart replacement pods?? (They look exactly the same but are cheaper)
anyone know which of these darned filter pods is the smaller one????
i have a 1202 coffee maker. will these fit? the 11WF is too big
will the Kcm22WF water filter fit the KCM1402 coffee maker
will kcm22wf fit a kcm1402 coffee maker ?
Will these filters work with the KitchenAid Model #KCM223CU0?
I have a Kenmore refrigerator Model 25378832790. What ice maker kit do I need?
I have a frigidaire side by side ice maker looks just like this can't find a number except on icemaker model #MI 0109031 will this fit?
Will this work on a Fridgeidaire FFHT1817PSO ?
Please verify this is the correct ice maker for Frigidaird Model # PLRS267zab7?
How long does it take for the ice maker to start making ice after installation.
Will this fit Frigidaire Model FRS22XGCB2 S/N LA60701556
will this fit Frigidaire FRS6HR5JB4?
My model is 253-78983800 and ice maker AD-18 which ice maker do you have to replace mine?
I need to replace a frigidaire icemaker Part # IM115, will this fit?
Will this fit my Crosley CRTE151AW5? Is the fill tube, water inlet valve and water inlet line included?
This item looks like it is stiff, and if it's too long, you'll have to either cut it or route it in a strange path. Is this right?
Is it possible to have it cut down to four Feet?...thanks!
How easy is it to cut ?
I cook Thai-foods on gas stove, will this hood be the right one for me?
My Broan only has a rectangle vent at back of rang hood, does this one fit my wall vent? Or do I need extra dry wall work to fit the round hose pipe
Will this work without an external duct (i.e. ductless)?
What is the CFM at low and medium fan speed?
If any one switched out the lights, how did you? and mine only shows military time does all do this?
My stove is 26" deep but this hood is only 22". Does it work well with smoke/smell from the front burners?
Does this unit plug into regular 3 prong outlet or does it need to be hard wired?
Is the vent opening compatible with 6" or 8"? The product description says Inner Dia is 8" but many comments here say 6". Thanks for your help.
is the underside area behind the lights difficult to keep clean?
How does the delay shutdown function work?
How many inches in distance is the hood from your range? Thank you,
Does it have just a clock, or does it also have a timer?
I have an 8' ceiling, can this be mounted on the wall with only using one seamless piece? It will be vented out.
Is this range hood quiet when it is on?
What is package box dimension for this?
Where and how do you buy the chimney extension?
can the unit be vented out of the wall and not the roof
can the unit be vented out of the wall and not the roof
Does anyone have a manufacturers phone number for service/warranty? Nothing in documentation. Just installed and it appears electronics board is bad
can you confirm maximum width, as it must fit in 30" space. thanks
I have a Kitchen Aid KCM1402 coffee maker will these pods fit
Do these work with the KitchenAid KCM1402 coffee maker?
Does this water filter fit Kichenaid KCM223 coffee maker?
what filter pod fits kcm1202
is there another filter that fits a KCM1202 coffee maker?
I have a kitchen aid KCM1202OB, this filter will work? if not which one will work?
How often do you replace these things?
does it fit the kitchen aid coffee pot model kcm140?
Will this filter work for a samsung model RF267AERS?
Is this model compatible with samsung RS21HDUSW1 ?
We put in a filterAce+ filter on our Samsung French door RF266AEWP model. Now we cannot remove it. We bought it in Jan.2012. Now what? Samsung will not cover damage incurred by using generic filters.
Does this filter work in a Samsung model rf268abwp refrigerator?
I too had a problem with a non-EOM filter not locking. Will this one work with my RFG297AARS?
I have had conflicting reports - one says it works with the French Door Samsung Model RFG238AAES/AA and another says it won't.Who is right?
Will this filter work on an Rfg295a
What is used to filter the water?
Will this filter work on my Samsung Model rsg257aabp?
Any one had problems using this specific filter brand in a Samsung RAG257AARS fridge?
Can the ovens be used without convection? in other words, can the convectioin feature be left off?
Hey Owners, what does "Power Outage Compatible" mean? Range top works without A/C? I hope..I have no idea is not an answer. :-)
Does this range require a 220v outlet? (Like the kind a clothes dryer requires?)
Do either of the ovens have a broiler?
what do I need to install the KitchenAid Architect Series II KDRS505XSS 30 Freestanding Dual-Fuel Double Oven Range, when it arrives???
Does the oven come with a propane conversion kit?
Are both ovens electric? why is there a 12000 BTU Broiler burner specified?
Does this range include the necessary 220 power chord? If not will you give me the name or number of the connector.
can you cook a turkey in any of these ovens.
If the power is down/off at your home, can you still use the burners by lighting them with a match?
i thought it also controled the fan opperations ?
Hi, does this come with a Base thermostat and a portable one? Meaning, does it come with one that goes where the one I have now is,and a portable one?
Can you use more than one remote for two zones
What is minimal Redlink thermostat system I can use to control the temperature of the room I am in with the Portable Comfort Control?
How can I tell if the wiring for my existing thermostat is compatible with this system?
If I do not have a "hold" set on the remote, but I select "read temp from this device", will the main thermostat use the remote temp when following a schedule?
I have the Portable Comfort Control but I stepped on it. If I replace it with a new one, is it easy to set up?
Is professional setup or installation required? I already have an installed Redlink thermostat.
Does this Portable Comfort Control come with the base unit? If not, then what do I need to have to controller communicate with to start the furnace?
This device doesn't work as a remote, wireless temp sensor, right? It just lets you change the thermostat setting remotely?
does this come with an LP conversion kit?
what is the BTU for each burner?
Does this come with an LP conversion kit?
With the faucet do you just turn on the hot water? When it's done, do you immediately have to turn the faucet off? Where do Cascade packs go?
I notice that there is no information on the drain hose. Is it connected to the sink drain below the sink, or does it just lay in the sink to drain?
What is the DEPTH
In case something goes wrong, has anyone returned this heavy unit to Amazon? Do you have to pay shipping?
I would have to install this on a shelf thats lower than my sink, would the pump be able to pump the water up into the sink?
Has anyone experienced a leak? Teflon tape on the faucet adapter works great, but my countertop still has puddles of water after use. Any thoughts?
What is the exact measurement of the hose, from attachment to attachment? Thank you!
I don't have much space on the countertop (tiny kitchen), but can free space under the sink. Has anyone tried to put it that low? Will it drain?
Actual size: Does anyone know which is correct?
How many gallons of water is used during a cycle? I am off a well and it doesn't have a great amount of water in it (we run out every few weeks).
Can this be perma-installed? I don't mind having the lines run, just need a smaller unit - no space for a built in.. but don't want to hook up faucet
Just received it but my faucet is a regular one with no threads. Any suggestions on what I should do?
just opened the spt dishwasher: What does that mean?????
What happens if the faucet is left running after the wash is complete? Do you need to be near the unit to promptly shut off the water after a wash?
what are the real dimentions? HxWxD??
Do you wait next to it and turn off the water as soon as it's done washing? Or does it fill and then you turn off the faucet &amp; it begins washing?
Does the SPT Portable Countertop Dishwasher require a sink with a garbage disposal?
How long is the hose? My counter on the sink side is too narrow, I may need to use the counter across my small galley style kitchen.
Are there any limitations as to what dishwasher detergent etc we can use?
How much water does the unit use in a cycle? How many Gallons?
Accessory Type ,Installation accessory. Parts &amp; Accessories,any parts are needed to install this combo in my new condo unit. such like: electric
Does the unit run off 110V or 240?
Does it have 3 prong washer &amp; dryer electrical connections or 4 prong?
Can I use this machine in Chile?
I just took delivery. It fills up 5.5 inches on wash and only 3.5 inches on rinse. Do they ALL do this?
is the dryer 110volt also
can I wash and dry at the same time?
Good Morning, I would like to know how's packaged for delivery? can I get it in a plain box no details on it? advise, thanks
Is this model 32 inches wide or deep?
can you get a warranty
i Use propane gas and not Natural gas. Whats the model number of the LP conversion kit i can use for it?
How many BTU are the burners?
Can I connect this cooktop to a regular BBQ propane tank?
is it electronic ignition
Does it come with propane converter?
What size are the "cut-holes' for this cooktop ? I want to make sure it will fit into the space.
My house runs on Propane from the town line, will this work with propane? What are the cut out dimensions? ?
can it be use for LP
Does this unit have a spin cycle if using as a washer? Or do you have to buy a separate spin dryer to remove the water from your clothes?
is this washer for cloth? or just extracting some kind of herb or something like that? is it okay to wash my baby's cloth?
does it extract water from wet clothes
does it have to be hooked up to a faucet or do you just add water with a bucket also does it spin out the water
What kind of plastic is the machine made out of?
thanks but wouldn't one of the lower prices portable washing machines work just as well for this purpose even if not branded for this purpose don't th
What are the cut-out dimensions, please? Thank you.
how much does it weight
How many btus?
Provides downdraft vent?
does it scratch easily
can this top replace the old electric top on the stove
This Product Really weighs 45 pounds?
Sold only glass? It is that my glass is scratched...
I use a pressure canner. Is the large burner and glass top strong enough to support it when loaded with full jars?
Is this compatible with a Whirlpool model RCC3024RB02
CAN YOU JUST PLUG IT IN ONCE IT IS SEATED?
Do you think buying 2 year protection plan for this is necessary or not? If not buying it, is the product automatically cover 1 year ?
I gather that this unit could be installed over a built-in under counter wall oven? But I need to be sure! Thank you for your help.
what is the color
Is this a down draft cooktop?
What are the cutout dimensions?
Wil it vent out the back side wall or only out the ceiling?
What size air duct vent does this require, or accomodate?
because the lights are on the back of the unit does it give sufficient lighting all over the stove?
I have 9 food ceilings. Does the hight adjust properly and would I need to purchase anything extra to make it look right?
Does the glass on this hood require very frequent cleaning?
Is this for mounting over an island or does it have to attach to a wall?
Was wondering if anyone used dry wall anchors to mount this. Studs don't line up
Does this product come with the necessary hardware to vent it through the outside, adjacent wall, without the need to purchase any kits?
What are the sones for this product? How much of a noise does it create in operation?
Please advise diameter and height. Thank you.
Can this be washed in the dishwasher
Please are its legs placed at the circumference or are they moved towards the center- I ask as I am going to place another shallow drainer beside it
Can I order an extra utensil holder for this drainer?
Would this be a good choice for drying glasses, mainly champagne glasses?
What color is this dish rack? It says avacado but the picture is of a white/ clear rack...
Will this fit into one side of a double sink?
What is this made of? Is it plastic or metal?
How can I lower the flame..it is to high and burns food. I turn the knob to lowest setting and still to high.
Thinking of putting this in an RV. Do you need the 110v to operate or can you light the burner with a match and operate?
Is it CSA approved or have a "c" in front of the ETL safety designation?
Is it CSA approved? Does it have a "c" infront of the ETL mark? Thanks
I want to hook up a stovetop to a 150 gln propane tank. Can I do this?
What is the propane gas "operating pressure" needed by this cooktop (should be listed as: WC=water column inch, mbar, or PSI )?
can I hook this up to a 20 lb propane tank?
Specifications of the attachment fitting?
I need a thermometer for my baby bearded dragon tank and I'm having trouble finding one that gives readings above 105. What is the top temperature?
Do I need one for a crested gecko tropical terrarium?
Do I need two of these for each side of my baby ball python's tank?
is there a suction cup?
Is there any way to set calibration?
does this gauge relative humidity or actual humidity
I have a 20 gallon tank for my soon to be corn snake, and I need to know both Temp. and Humidity. Would you recommend?
I'm looking for a temperature gauge for my bird's cage this winter, which is barred, not glass. Does it look like there's a way to attach it to that?
where is the best location to potion this? I have heat lamp on the right side over my basking rock and food, water and night light on the other.
can this be calibrated?
Will this belt fit DG412 Maytag Dryer
Does it fit mde2600ayw?
Will it fit LSG-1000?
Does it fit LSG-1000
will this fit a matag de482
Does this have a digital thermostat display? Anyone know the temperature ranges?
Does or can the light stay on all the time and will it turn on when the door is opened?
How many bottles will this refrigerator hold?
what are the L x W x H dimensions?
How long is the power cord? Is it a typical 3 prong cord? Thanks
Can it hold 16 oz Monster Energy drinks? If so, how many on each shelf?
Are the shelves bevelled to hold cans/bottles or flat?
does this have a little freezer inside? I am hoping it doesn't
What is the internal dimensions?
Is this energy star rated? Can you slightly see the drinks inside? How many 16.9 water bottles will it hold? Thanks!
In the product area it says it is 8 x 11.5 x 7.5, but in Q&amp;A area it says a bunch of different things about the size... which is correct? thanks!
What is the proper handle to go with this basket?
Are those measurements on the top or bottom ~ I need bottom measurements. Mine will only fit 5 3/4 x 9 and not a hair bigger.
what are the dimensions of this item?
Will this fit a maytag 300 series model MDBS5561AWB? Their part number is 99002995
Will it fit Maytag Legacy Series Quite Series 200 Model Number MDBH945AWSO
Where is this made?
Will this fit Jenn air model DW731W?
Will it fit in model # DWU7802AM?
WIll this fit Maytag series 200? MDB6600AWQ
Can this be vented on the back or needs to go to the ceiling?
The photos show lights in front. Why is everyone saying they are in the rear!
How hard is the glass to clean? Do you have to clean often since it's see through?
How far will the unit push the exhaust effectively?
what would we need to do to keep it from rattling once installed - my wall is dry wall in the area of hanging &amp; 2 studs identified -
My appliances are white, (the stove has a ceramic top that is somewhat dark grayish in color) do you think the hood would compliment or not?
HI! Is this hard-wired or plug-n-play? Also--are you still happy with the fan after time has passed?
Can this be mounted on a sloped ceiling by cutting the top off at an angle. Our ceiling is vaulted and is from 7.5 to 8' foot tall on the slope.
Do i need to purchase the power strip that is shown with this range hood
where are the air filters for this range hood?
Also, my ceilings are too tall for it to be attached to it. Can the vent go into the wall?
I have an air duct outlet hook up . do you I need Charcoal carbon filters? I notice that without the Charcoal carbon filters, the suction is stronger.
who makes this fan?
what color is it?
do you have a ceiling mount
I don't have a receptacle for this unit yet, where on the wall is it best to locate it? thanks
If you use this as ventless where does the air exaust to? Others I have seen on the web have vents on each side near the top
can this unit be for a 10ft ceiling height?
The aluminium filters have dents after the installation (no smooth surface anymore). Where can I buy new ones?
Where can I get a 10ft extension for this unit? Will Broan 10ft ext (Lowes) kit fit this model? I know they're different make but has anyone tried?
Do you know if this will be compatible for a Hotpoint Gas Stove Oven?
is it good for jgbp28bea3ad
I have a G.E. wall oven jgrs14 gep. the oven does not light the broiler does but only for a few minutes. is it the Ignitor ? is there two ignitors?tha
Does this igniter coming with those two porcelain wire nuts (Supco T1164 Porcelain Wire Nut, High Heat, 18-14 Wire, Small Size #1) shown on the picture or that have to be purchased separately?
will this work for GE XL44 Model 317B6034?
I have a GEXL44 model # JGBS21SEV3AD will this igniter work for this model?
wiil this work for model jgbp3dbew1ad
I have a Kenmore Model # 362.75875690 Will this part fit? Thank you.
will this work on a GE oven JGBBP33BEH5BB?
is the wb2x9154 5 aps for ge oven
what color is the light? blue? white? I assume it can be set to stay illuminated with the door closed?
It says 18.5 x 17 x 33 inches. Which is the width and which the depth?
I would like to buy two, can I purchase a left and a right hinged model?
Can this be used outdoors?
Is the door reversible??
Is it an under the counter refrigerator ?
Is it auto defrost or manual
Can you remove the shelves for the cans, so that it would support a row of beer bottles?
Is there an on/off switch with this replacement ice maker?
My GE fridge is set up for an icemaker, that is to say it has the 4 pin off center connector and cover plate. My question is will I need a pump motor?
I just installed this ice maker, lasted ONE WEEK and failed, it burned up internally. Now it floods my kitchen. How long is the warranty?
do this one replace the WR30X10044? as well by General Electric ?
What type of warranty comes with this unit? I bought one from another supplier and they gave 30 day warranty and it broke at day 31.
where the water comes in from the back of the door there is ice forming in and around the tub. Is there a valve there that is leaking and does thsi ki
will it replace WR30X0327 icemaker
What is the +/1 screw for, ie what does it do
Will the original ice maker "stripper" work with this replacement ice maker? The stripper strips the ice from the ice maker mold. Thank you!
Do you have another fill cup? None of the fill cups fit. My fill cup is on the right side of the freezer, w/water entrance hole in back
Does it have the same foot print as surface element part # ERS58y21?
will this work with an amana range?
I am wondering the vent out air way is on the back of the wall or go up though the cabinet? Thanks!
Do I need a special Power Cord to plug this and the non-duct kit into a standard wall outlet?
What's is the minimum and maximum distance allowed between the bottom of hood and range top?
can the 4x10 duct be reduced to 6" round safely or will it reduce flow too much
does the shelf come with it?
What non ducted recirculation kit should you use this range hood with? I do not not have outside vent
in my over range cabinet the air way is around, do I need buy this"Broan 411 3-1/4" x 10" to 6" Round Duct Transition, NA"when I buy this range hood same time? So I can connect this hood with the vent out air way? Thanks.
What are the real height, width and depth of this range hood?
Has anyone used this to replace an over the stove microwave unit? Does it stick out too far to look good at that height? Thanks!
It is listed as .7 sones in one place and 7 sones in another. Which is right?
what is the overall minimum height on this? I am looking for 22-24" high. Diagram ht seems to point to chimney ht not overall ht. thank you!
Will it fit a 10 ft. Ceiling?
Fro new construction, should the attic duct be centered front to back above the stove or more towards the back of the stove?
can this be used without any modifications or cuts on a 9' ceiling?
Looking for ventless, I need to know where to buy charcoal filters.. Expensive? Work well?
The aluminium filters have dents after the installation (no smooth surface anymore). Where can I buy new ones?
Are the lights dimmable?
Do you ship item to PR?
I just bought a model without led lights, do you sell a kit that allows for upgrade to led lights (it looks like simple plug n play for switching)
Hi All: My ceiling duct is 3 1/4" x 10" rectangular. Is there room in the "chimney" to fit an adapter to accommodate the 6" round duct? Thanks!
Is this part a replacement for part DC97-16985A?
the pump we took out of our washer says 120 V AC-60 Hz 80 W CL.F..this pump looks to be the same? our washer model number is nfw7200tw , should work?
Will this pump work in Model# WF317AAG/XAA Samsung?
Will it work with model wf337aar/xaa
will this work on samsung wf206/xaa model
does it work in a 7200 series
Does this fit drain pump samsung wf328aaw
Is this a pump without housing? do I need to buy a housing separately?
Will this work on an amana tandem 7300 front load washer?
would this part work for the samsung model wa422prhdwr
Is this made in the USA?
Has anyone else had problems removing this filter after using for some time?? I have had a Swift Green installed for a while and the light recently came on to replace. I bought a new filter but can not get the old one to budge, we have now broken the...
Does the filter label indicate the number of gallons of water it will treat or flow rate ? Do you notice a difference in water flow rate ?
Will it work in a Whirlpool? Model number is the same.
what kind of filter is it?
Does it fix whirlpool french door water filter?
this product says it can be used in my Whirlpool refrigerator. Since it has been installed, our ice maker no longer works. What is the issue?
Does this fit a Jenn Air refrigerator
I have a Whirlpool Refrigerator - Manual indicated replacement filter of UKF8001AXX-200 - Is this filter compatible?
The model number in the Product Info is SGF-M10, however on the box and image the model number is stated as SGF-M9. Is xx9 &amp; a xx10 the same product?
Can this tank be filled with nitrogen instead of co2?
Will this work with Cornelius kegs, as far as connections? Thanks
Are you able to have just one keg tapped with this kit or do two kegs need to be tapped at all times?
Description doesn't note the hoses are included. Are they included in this kit?
is there a better replacement knob that won't crinkle for jgb800sep2ss ge gas stove?
Is this a replacement knob for my GE JGB900 series (4 years old) gas range? The original knobs have a "half" moon type of opening on the back.
My GE profile has two types of male and female ends for the knobs: one for the burners and one for the double oven. Which one is this?
This knob is compatible with a GE Profile gas stove model PGB975SEM1SS correct? GE Parts wants 3 to 4 times this amount and they were poorly made
Have a ge profile cooktop stove can I use this? Is it stainless steel?
the knob points down instead of up! Will removing the screws and reversing same cure the problem and how do they stand up to the oven heat? The orig pealed &amp; melted!
are the knobs made of cheap plastic?
will this work on my gsl251gre bs
Hi , I have a General Electric refrigerator with damaged card ... I need a new model ... the fridge is GLM23kESF and model of the card is 200D4854G017
will the part work on GE model number pfss5njwass ?
Does it work on 48in GE Monogram fridge from 2004-2009 models?
This thi mother board work on GE Profile Refrigeration Model # PSF26N6TDBB? Does it take a technician to replace this board?
hi,can you tell me if this board will work on ge side by side fridge model # PSM27SHSC GS NO. SL424515
hi,can you tell me if this board will work on ge side by side fridge model # PSM27SHSC GS NO. SL424515
I have a GE refridgerator GSH25SGRESS...will this one work in it? The circuit board looks identical to mine. thank you
what size is the d-shape, i got two that is too big and the d-shape shaft is too small.
Are these just stainless steel tape over a plastic knob? Or solid? The original ones were the taped kind that bubbled up when the broiler was used.
How many come in the pack, just one?
DOES THIS WORK WITH MODEL #JGB500SEP1SS
Can these be used on GE Model #JGB820SEP2SS?
My original knobs have "191D510" will this match?
Does it fit the model number JBP84SM2SS?
Will this fit Model B700SN1SS, part # PS2321076 or WB03T10284?
are you able to use these on JGBP88SEM2SS
Will these knobs work on the GE Range with model # JGSP28SEN1SS?
How do they measure the 8' length? (*INCLUDING* or *EXCLUDING* the curved hanger section at the end) I need to know how long the corrugated section is
Is there any flex in the hangar? I'm need more of an "L" shape than a "U" shape.
What is the diameter of the hose?
Will this fit a haier hlp23e portable washing machine?
will it fit an lg washer
Has anyone used this on a Frigidaire Front Load Washer (08/2013)?
Do I need to buy clamps for the installment ? If so, what type should I buy? TY Consetta
I need a length of 10 to 12 feet from my washing machine's location. Do I replalce the hose that comes with the machine or connect with a connector?
has anyone use this hose for a portable washer? (magic chef 1.6 cu. ft top washer)
do you attatch it to the one on the washer already or to the washer directly? will it fit on a whirlpool?
If a vent is not setup in my apartment, how do I vent the dryer efficiently?
what are the dimensions
is the dryer vent in the back?
Why does the dryer have a standard plug I thought it had to use a 240 v
Mold/mildew an issue?
Do you Houl away the old washer?
I have only 24" side to side. Does this unit have side clearances ?
can this washer dryer be plugged into a regular outlet or does it need a special outlet?
What are capacities of washer and dryer
In terms of the depth dimensions, is the bottom back recessed or will I need to add an additional 3-4 inches for the vent? Thanks!
TROUBLE SHOOT
At the start of wash.. there is a lot of metal hitting against each other..... Really loud...
Knocking noise when samsung washer starts filling up with water and continues in knocking during the wash cycle?
Does anyone know how to fix your washer from NOT tearing your clothes? My washer is putting tiny holes in my tee shirts and they get bigger! Then it is tearing my towels apart! I just pulled out a small cleaning towel and it shredded my towel. I have...
would you buy another one?
the full width drawer is stuck help pleaseon our Samsung 297hd
One more question: in what year was this refrigerator manufactured? Thank you.
have parts, the little card that goes in the back of the fridge RFG297A
Is this refrigerator brand new (i.e. not refubrished or floor model) and does it come with full manufacturer's warranty? Thank you.
We found this to fit our Thermadore. My question is--how does one reset the "change filter" message? We don't see anything in the manual.
I can't get this filter to engage properly. It won't turn until I hear the click. Therefore, no ice. Any ideas?
Why is nothing coming out of the water dispenser now after replacing the filter?
00740570 - BORPLFTR10, this is the part number at BOSCJ site, which filter should I buy?
compatible with thermals
Does this work with Thermador Freezer?
is this for filter model 9000 225 170
Is this the correct filter for the Thermador T361 series fridge/freezer?
This appears to be the same as the Miele refrigerator filter. Does anyone know if it will fit? It is a lot cheaper.
will this work for model fghd2472pfoa
Will this work for the FFBD2409LS model?
Inquiring as to whether this will fit my Frigidaire dishwasher Professional Series Aquafresh with Speed Clean. I think the model # is 154580501(?).
Is this compatible with Frigidaire FPHD2491KF0 ?
does this filter work with whirlpool model #LG5771XWWO
Does this filter fit Whirlpool model # LDE5700WO
Want to make sure...Will it work with model LG5801XMW1
Will it work with model LG 7801xswo ?
I am looking for the whirlpool part # ps345247. whenever I searched for it, it showed different parts number. Are those parts the same?
I need a Whirlpool lint screen. I do not find my model on your site. Mdl # SEDS800JQ0. Can you help?
Is this actually a genuine Whirlpool part? I know many things listed as genuine are actually cheap chinese imports.. thx
coils now heat only high or off after installing the new element receptacle?
I have an old stove and cannot get parts for it. Do you think this receptacle and corresponding burner element could be made to fit any stove?
I want to buy a few of these and a water filter but I cant get it to combine shipping, will you do that?
Is this part manufactured by Whirlpool?
Will it works for Whirlpool RF114PXSQ0?
will this work for kennmore 110.45088404
Will this work for the HE3?
This looks exactly like the part i need to replace, but the number on mine is 4619 702 2014 1. Will this part fit?
Will this work for the HE3?
ARE THE SCREWS INCLUDED
Will this fit Kenmore 110.42922200?
Will this work in model 110.45872401?
Do these work with whirlpool model wfw9640xw00
will this work on Whirlpool model # LSQ900LQ0 ?
Will this repair kit work on Kenmore washer 110 92292100
I have a Whirlpool Model LSV8245AW0 Agitator Replacement Part PS334650, will this item work as it comes up in my search.
Will this work with Whirpool Model # LA8800XTWO
Will this repair kit work on Whirlpool Ultimate 2 LS090 10PW6? Thank you
will this work on a whirlpool LLR8245BW0 washing machine
Hi, will these parts fit a Whirlpool model # LXR-7144EQ1?
will this work for whirlpool model LA8860XW?
Will this kit work with Whirlppol Model # LA6055XT
Will this kit work on a kenmore 90 series model number 11026902691?
Does the pan come with the white trim on the handle that says "convertible vegetables/meat"?
Is it a replacement for 2174118 C?
Is the trim on the front of the pan/drawer removable?
Our whirlpool refrigerator has two drawers, top and bottom, both different shapes. Our top drawer is busted, which drawer is that, the crisper or meat
Hello, i would like to use this as the bottom meat draw on a kitchenaid superba refrigerator model number ksrb27fhss04. Will it work?
what are the dimemsions ? wondering if it will fit myKenmore
Will this replace the coils for Maytag Model # LDG8420AAL?
do you get both coils?
will it fit whirlpool cabrio WGD6400SGO
Is this the correct coil for a maytag gas dryer, model #LDG8304AAE, COIL #279834?
You call this a Valve Coil. Is that the same as a Solenoid valve? The parts number and pictures match-up, just the description doesn't
I have an Admiral ADG7005AWW, will these replace my old coils? I believe this is the correct part number. Thanks
Hi, my dryer is Kenmore 110.79912990 and needs Kenmore Gas Valve Coil Kit 279834. Will this work?
Will this work for Samsung Dryers?
Can I use on roper part 03080C
Will it fit whirlpool cabrio WGD6600VU0?
I have a model RF263LXTQ-3 Whilrpool range will this work for that?
I'm looking for a 3148954 switch will this one work?
I have an Amana cooktop stove and the part number is I need is the same as this- anyone have an idea if this will work?
Could this Infinite switch "part 314900" be used for Whirlpool electric range model number RF395PXX to fix its 8" burner?
part 3149400 is same for whirlpool part number 311857, look same of
I need WHIRLPOOL RF365BXWW1 SWITCH 3149400
I have a Kitchen Aid and it is part # 9763760 that i need. Will this switch work?
Will this fit Estate by Whirlpool MOD. TES325MT 4 SER. RU3410209 ? Thank you
I have a Roper FEP320KW, will this fit?
Is it a standard size for Whirlpool? Thanks!
will this heating element fit my electric range model # RF114PXSB0
Will it work for Whirlpool RF3100XPN?
are these now sold individual or sets
Is this it? The only thing I can find on my Estate is PT. NO. 3196685 REV. REL.
I have an Estate brand electric stove, no model number. I know it's made by Whilrpool. Will this fit?
will this element fit Whirlpool the element number is either W10259866 or PS3418142 which is for a Whirlpool electric range Model # RF114PXSB0.
Replace a MAYCO 74001776 P162, on a Magic Chef?
Dimensions listed as about 19x19 but one review said its about 14x15, which is what I need. Please - which is it? I have a side-by-side fridge
Will this Whirlpool crisper pan (part no. 2188656) fit my Kenmore Coldspot refrigerator (same part no.)?
will it fit my Kenmore side by side model # 56532400
will it fit my Kenmore 25368842790
I have Whirlpool TRS22AGXTQ000 and need the upper (not bottom) crisper pan. Is this the correct on for that model?
will this fit model Amana ASD2422WRB01, says # 2174109A
I am trying to replace my Kenmore Coldspot drawer part # 2174108-D, can you tell me is this drawer will work?
is 2188656 compatible with Model ES5FHAXSA00. I had wrong model number before, sorry
Is this 2188656 compatible with MDL ES5HAXSA00 whirlpool
Will this fit a ED5HHGXTS00 Whirlpool side by side?
will this work on model # ed5lhaxwb00 whirlpool it looks like it will but what to be sure
I have Kenmore Refrigerator model #10655234400 in white color. any idea about color and if it will fit kenmore
I have a refrigerator, Whirlpool model WSF26C2EXY02, I need to know if it will fit the door and if its the one that 2 gallons of milk will fit in?
will this work on a wsf26c3exf01 whirpool model .
will this fit on a whirlpool model #wrs325fdaw?
it will work with my Kenmore 106.7200?
Is this bin clear?, with white plastic only at the rim around the top?
my frig model # is ED2CHQ*K*0 this looks like it will work but not sure. Will it work?
Will it work with Whirlpool Model WRS322FDAM02?
I have a Kenmore side by side ref. It's part# is the same 2186443. Picture looks the same too. Is this compatible?
I have a Whirlpool Model # ED5FHGXKQ02, Is this compatible?
Does the part look exactly like it is the picture? because I bought one from another seller but the two water inlet &amp; outlet adapters were opposite with their picture, so I couldn't install it.
does this have a check valve on it? Water pours out of the housing during a filter exchange.
My part OEM #2186840 .isit work .or Do you have My item # ?Thank you very much
I have a Kitchen Aid KSBS25FKBL02. Is this compatible?
How do you get the Flex drawer to cool below 42 degrees?
RS2530BBP- why is door seals HOT to touch? and ice maker inop?
I have a osmosis whole-house drinking water system. Will the RF4289hars icemaker/drinking water system work when the filter is out as I don't need it?
How do you get the fridge to cool below 38 degrees?
Water flowing through icemaker onto floor. Would have flooded my house. Turned off water at wall. Anyone else had this problem? What caused it?
Is there a difference between a PWB and PCB ballast? I need a PCB-BALLAST 938P178010, for WD-65734. thanks
Compatible with mitsubishi wd62531?
Is this a new color wheel for model wd 60738?
is this the replacement wheel for an HC3000 model projector?
will it work in my wd 52631?
is this for a model #wd-73738 mitsubitsi 70 inch tv dlp
Will this fit an HC1600 model?
Does this include the housing?
where can you buy speed queen in Mt.
I have to put it under a shelf. What is the total height with the top opened to maximum height? Thanks.
Can I wash king size sheet set in the SQ AWN542?
We wash work clothes that have grease &amp; farm dirt on the jeans. How does the Speed Queen do on heavily soiled items?
Why is the size so small? 3.3 cu ft seems pretty small compared to what is on the market. I wash pretty big loads of clothes.
model 542 has a fabric selector switch...what is the purpose and do you find it helpful?
Has anyone else experienced ripped jeans or pants in their Speed Queen as one reviewer mentioned? Thank you.
Does this unit have an agitator
How long is the average wash cycle?
How noisy is this machine? Would you put it in a room next to your bedroom?
Would this basket fit the 5 cu ft. GE freezer?
One thing says the depth is 18 inches one answer says the length is 18 inches. I need one where the lenght is 18 inches, is this what this one is?
What is the measurement including the handles??
size: where are the measurements
Does it keep the ice frozen like a freezer after the ice is made
How many volts are required to run this unit?
How much water does this unit hold? How do you drain it?
where is this made?
Is a water drain to the outside required?
Does this require using bottled or distilled water?
What is the amperage draw?
does it fir Kenmore Model 110 24422300
Anyone know if this switch works with the Roper Washing Machine Model RAS6233KQ0?
Will it fit a whirlpool model number wtw4950xw3
will this fit to kenmore 90 series model # 20922990?
will this work on the maytag atlantis or where can I check the models it works on?
will it fit whir;pool model # wtw5640xw0 ?
Does this work for a Kitchen Aid Washer?
is this correct part for whirlpool model number lsr7233dq0
Does it fit Kenmore Model 110 13202200?
Is it made by whirlpool?
Will this part definitely fit my Kenmore Model #106.57442700?
is this OEM?
will this fit 106-55526400 kenmore ref.
Will this replace part ap5326116?
Is this the set of both the little board and the small board as shown in the picture, or just the big one?
Will this fit my hotpoint vwsr3110woww model
The pictures in your two places for this part are different-which is correct? The one here looks ok but if you click on the name, you show a different part.
Is this a GE manufactured part?
Why does this not look like the same part shown on the GE website
is itsimillar to the 285805 valve
Is this part compatible with the Kitchenaid Dishwasher model #KUDK03CTSS2?
My Kitchen Aid dishwasher model number is KUDPOZFRSS2. Does this part work with my model? Thanks
Mine is kitchenaid KUDS01FLSS6. Tha manual says the part number is 8535568. But your item says Whirlpool. Is it the right part for my washer. Thanks
Will this work in place of 316075104?
Will this work with white westinghouse oven model # kb443gdm0? really old oven...is it ok if it's not the exact part as long as it fits correctly??
Is this the same (compatible) with Holiday baking element #2395?
Will this work for a model # FEF352AUG frigidaire oven.
Will this work for FEF355ABD Frigidaire Range?
Anyone know what the actual wattage of this unit is? I would like to replace a 2600w element in a Frigidaire, which has a different part number.
Will this work with Frigidaire oven model FEF326ASK?
Will this fit model FEF366ECE?
I need to know if #316075103 and #AP3035427 are the same?
Is there a replacement here for AP3035427? It would fit an older Whirlpool oven.
Is it will work for Kenmore Refrig Model 106.55606400 ... Ice maker part # S106 626663
how do I remove ice maker?
does it come with the front pieces too?
What wattage is timer motor?
will this part work on an amana model #abb2522few ?
Will this work on a Wirlpool fridge model ED22PC - Icemaker motor PS2341896? Thanks!
need motor only m008 15 watt 120vac is motor only available ?
My model # says 106 626662. Will this unit work?
All I need is the large main gear pictured on the front. Where can I buy just that?
Will this also replace 626640? The model is a Maytag RST2200FAE. The part looks exactly the same in the pictures.
Will this fit my 20 yr old Maytag LDG9304AAE?
Will this part #281282 also fit my old Maytag Model DG512, Series 7 gas dryer? Thank you.
is this part # 281282?
Will it fit a Kenmore dryer Model 110.77032601 ?
Will this work for Maytag LDG8200AAL?
Will this fit the Whirlpool Gold Model # GH4184XSS-1 ?
will this grill fit whirlpool gh5184xps4
Does this fit a Whirlpool MH3184XPB1?
Does this part fit Whirlpool MH3184XPS-4?
Will this fit the Whirlpool Gold Model # GH4155XPS-1 ?
Does this grille fit the whirlpool model MH3184XPS 3?
hi will it fit whirlpool gh7145xfb-1 grille
Will it fit for Whirlpool gold Model GH4155XPS-0?
Is the blade supposed to rub against the screen? Mine has a washer that elevates the blade above the screen. Is this normal?
Will this blade fit a 2002 Kitchenaid dishwasher, model KUDP01LWH0?
Will this fit a Kitchenaid kuds30fxsso?
Ordered this for DU1055XTSQ3 that the whirlpool said should fit, but the shaft is too short to reach the teeth of the impeller. Did I get wrong part?
will this blade work with whirpool GU3200xtps3?
i need to know, if this part is compatible with DU1015XTXS, i have the chopper blade in my hand and look the same, but i need to be secure
i need to know, if this part is compatible with DU1015XTXS, i have the chopper blade in my hand and look the same, but i need to be secure
i need to know, if this part is compatible with DU1015XTXS, i have the chopper blade in my hand and look the same, but i need to be secure
will it fit quiet partner 3 gu2400xtps3 ?
do i get the plastic piece with the blade _the one that runs trough the center ? whats included in the package
Wiil this work for Whirlpool model GU1500XTLS1?
Is this the same 8558129 dispenser part that is used in the Sears Kenmore 665.1602 Dishwasher? It looks identical and the measurements are the same.
Just installed and it won't open during the wash cycle. I figure it must be defective.
Does this part come with any screws?
Will this fit a Kenmore 665.13793k601? It looks the same. Kenmore Part #8565815 or W10224429 Thx
Is the lid where you place the soap suppose to open during the wash cycle. The one I have doesn't. but the soap is gone
It this part grey?
Will this part work on whirlpool GU2300xTVSO
Does this work in a KitchenAid KUDSO1IJ BT1? The picture in the description does not match the broken one in our dishwasher.
Would this part work on a Kenmore 665.16372301 Dishwasher?
Will it fit model GH4184XSS1 and does it come with the clips attached to the back?
Will this fit Whirlpool model number GH6177XP?
WIl this fit Whirlpool Microwave Gold series GH5184XPS?
Will model MH7110XBQ-6 fit?
Will this work with a microwave serial # TR U 50 42971?
Will this fit model 8205195?
It work with Whirlpool microwave serial TR U 35 36790??
Does this work with a KitchenAid Microwave?
I have a question for anyone that may know. Has anyone used this device on a house that has well water and a water softener?
If these are so great why don't washing machine manuf. just install it in the machine like hot tub manuf do?
What is the warranty?
does the Pure wash cause any kind of problems with a septic system???
how long will the pure wash last
I have an HE top load Kenmore Elite. Which model do need?
Where is it made?
i have a high efficiency washer. Since the price is the same can i use the high flow model on a low flow machine?
Can the gray water from the washer be used to water plants or will the change in pH affect the plants?
Does this unit release any ozone gas that could be dangerous to breathe?
What is the diameter of the recessed portion of the pad (i.e., the area that the current appliance pads will fit into)?
once these are in place on a stacked washer and dryer, would a person be able to move the machines at all in case they needed to get behind it?
Anyone use this with a top-floor washer? My laundry room is upstairs. Does it help with vibration?
how high will this raise my washer? I have a pedestal drawer and need to get 3/4" higher.
If you have a pedestal, do you have to get two sets of these or just one?
Will they fit the feet of any top load washer
Does this work with stackable washer/dryers?
How high does the recessed portion raise the washer. I am trying to lift my pedestal to clear the lip of the drain pan.
Would thi be affective if I am stacking the washing machine and dryer?
can you still slide the machine into place with these pads on? My washer is up against a wall and I won't be able to access two of the feet
Will this fit a Kenmore HE2 plus model 110.47511702?
Will this work with kenmore super capacity 3.5? Product i have is 970-C48072
Does this fit the 11047512600 washer?
If maytag lists 8054952 as the bellow part number, this will work right?
does this one replace part #ps2351984
do you have a bellow that will fit model # 110.4751 4753
will it fit a kenmore he2 model 8540302
Will this fit model 110.47571601 Kenmore HE2 washer?
Will it fit Kenmore model 110.47512603?
will this fit kenmore washer model number 110.47567700?
do you wait 24 hours before plugging in for first time ?
The freezer: can you put anything else besides ice packs? Is it that tiny? Ordered anyway, for that price..
Can a refrigerator like this be placed in a very large closet?
1/6 keg. Will it fit?
I need a mini fridge for a dorm room. Is this one quiet enough that it won't wake you up in the middle of the night?
do you have deforst?
what are the dimensions of this frig?
what is the temperature range? Can this be adjusted to 50-55 F for cheese aging?
Can this unit be built into a bar or cabinet?
Is this Danby model suitable for outdoor use?
Is the crisper remoavable?
If I used this Refrigerator at the max power setting, how much would I pay monthly energy wise? (AZ)
Can it be built in your kitchen with cabinets around it?
Can you exchange the singe tap for a double tap on this unit?
Can you put this under a counter and mount the tap on the counter? Will there be a large hole in the top of the fridge I will have to insulate?
What's the best way to clean the lines? Also, do I need to clean the lines before I use it for the first time?
Can you fit 2 1/6 kegs in there with the tank on the outside?
got this and all we are getting is foam and flat beer.very disappointing went through several different sites to troubleshoot and nothing has worked.
Can beers such as Corona be tapped with the parts included?
will coors kegs fit in this? The center of the coors kegs bulges out.
Will this fit 2 corny kegs for homebrewed beer?
Do I need a different regulator to run two different kegs?
'What size is the faucet threads 5/8 or 7/8"?
does anyone know if this will work if the dishwasher is sitting lower than the sink?
Can this be mounted under the counter?
How long are the wash cycles?
The only area this will fit is to put it sideways. Would there be problems, and how long are the hoses?
Does this run quietly?
What is the interior measurements?
I have small rental units. a couple of questions- where does the unit drain? Are there drain hoses? Do you have to continuously connect to faucet?
Why does the manual warn against using with an extension cord? I have no outlet in my kitchen that's close enough.
I prefer hand washing my table settings but don't do not always have time to hand dry. Can you use this to dry only?
After reading the reviews, some people say their plates don't fit in...would someone know what size plate will fit in? What the diameter max is? Thanks
does anyone know where we can get aluminum filters from? please let me know. thank you!
Diemensions: 30"Wx24"D the cut sheet says 35.43w, which one is right?
where it was made, i mean country
Can this be used with a 10' ceiling?
is there a web sight for the internal wiring for the lights they stopped working
Are the lights halogen or what?
installation
Can someone tell me what the minimum height from the ceiling this hood can be? I don't want to exceed 24", just want to be sure it can be adjusted.
Can anyone tell me what's the minimum height of this hood? I have a very low ceiling and the height of the hood has to be less than 25 inches. Thanks
Is the lighting LED or standard lighting?
why is ice maker constantly clogging
Can we get this refrigirator in white - not stainless steel?
On the LG LFX31925ST refrigerator: 1. Exactly how many seconds does it take to get 1 cup, an 8 ounce measuring cup size, of water? 2. Is your water source a saddle valve or a "T" source? 3. On the plate inside the refrigerator after "LFX31925ST", do...
My ice tastes musty, is there a filter?
how many cubic feet is this refrigerator
Is the ice maker still an issue with this model?
This item has a smaller ice maker. Does it make ice quickly? Is the ice always empty after use?
Does this come with the standard Mfg Warranty?
Hi, Will the delivery folks take the doors off of the fridge to get it into the room? I have a 32" hallway...
installation
will this replace wr30x10012?
Does it come with the ice bucket?
will this fit a GE model # TBX25PAYGRWW
where does the temperature sensor clip at on this unit
My fridge call for an IM-3 icemaker kit. I presently don't have an icemaker. Will this do the job or do I need other parts??
Will this fit a GE TBX20ZG Frig.
Have ge model dts181cwrw what icemaker wwill fit
Will this replaced wr30x0306 ?
Will this work for ice maker GE part #WR30X10087
What water valve do I need for this?
What are the dimensions, mainly the length of it.
Did anyone find out the actual length of the handle?
What is the length of the handle? My model is MH1150XMQ1.
How do I take apart and replace the door latch on my whirlpool duet washer??
Will this work with GHW9400PL0 ?
Will this latch work on ken more ghw9100
How do you know if this part needs replacing? I replaced a broken door lever, but the door hangs down, so the part won't fit in the hole.
Will this work on a Kenmore Elite HE3t Washer? (Model #11045966404) Thanks!
Will this part work for model number GHW9400PW0?
I have a whirlpool duet model number ghw9100lw will this work with this model?
will this work with amana part number ps972231
Will this part replace part #8181700? I've heard this part will replace my current part.
will the latch work with GHW9100LQ1 ?
is this whirlpool part #12002
original part #8181839,is this interchangeable?
I'm nedding a couple of these, but can not tell if yours is light grey or off white...
I have whirlpool GHW9250ml0. Will this handle work?
will it fit a whirlpool duet GHW9150PW0
Does this fit Whirlpool ghw9150pwo?
Does this handle fit washer model GHW9100LW1
does this handle fit washer model GHW9400PL1
Does this handle fit a Model GHW 9250MW1
Does this handle fit the duet whirlpool front load washer GHW 9250 MTI
will it fit model ghw9150pw0?
do you also have to replace the retaining rings when replacing this part?
Does this work on a Maytag? Model #MHWE300VW11
How hard is this to install? Could a "handy" person do it themselves or should I pay a repairman $80 to install?
Is this the same as Kenmore's because their part no. Is the same . Will it fit KENMORE Elite HE3 Model No. 11042822203?
Will this bellowcseal fit model number wfw8300sw04 it is a whirlpool sport duet.
will this fit Whirlpool Washer model # ghw9400pl0?
Will this fit a whirlpool wfw9150ww00?
Can you please confirm that this bellow will fit my Whirlpool GHW9400PW0? If it does, I'll order from you. Will there be any other parts I need?
Will this fit Maytag MFW9600SQ0?
Does this handle work with the KHMS2050SSS-2 model kitchenaid
We have a Kitchenaid microwave, but the model number matches that of the Whirlpool. Thus, will the Whirlpool handle work on the Kitchenaid?
My model is a KitchenAid KHMS155LSS-3. Looking for a stainless steel handle instead of this cheap plastic one. HELP PLEASE!
This will be the second time in 2 years I've had to replace this cheap plastic handle. Is there a stainless steel handle that is equivalent?
We need a stainless steel door handle for a KHMS155LSS-0 microwave; is this the correct part?
does this work for a KHMS155LSS-3 Microwave
Does this part work with model #KHMS155LSS - 1?
does it fit kitchenaid ykhms1850ss-2
Will this work for a Whirpool Model LER7646E
Will this work for Kenmore 110.68722700 ?
Will this work for Kenmore 110.68722700 ?
Will this part work on a Whirlpool Duet Mod# GEW9250PW0 Ser#MR5054144?
Does it work for Kenmore 110.86983810 dryer?
Is this correct part for GEW9250Pw1 dryer? Thank you
Will this work with kenmore dryer 101.85872401
will this element work for model LE5800XKWO
Will this fit a Maytag Neptune Model # MDE6700AYW?
will this work for whirlpool dryer model # wed9600ta0
will this kit fit a maytag bravos mod. med6400tqo
will this kit fit my samsung model # DV220AEW/XAA
Will this kit work for my Whirlpool electric front loader dryer MODEL: WED9200SQ0?
Will this fit whirlpool duet dryer GGW9250SU0
Will this fit my Kenmore 110.67072600?
Will this fit Whirlpool dryer model GEC9858EQ0?
Will this fit my Whirlpool Duet WED9500TW3
Do you have a similar part for my whirlpool duet model WGD8300SW1 - Serial MW1816391?
My kit had a horrible petroleum smell. Did anyone have this issue?
Does this work for my whirlpool wed9400sw1?
will this work with whirlpool dishwasher model #DU1100XTPT3 ?
do tines in back of rack fold down
Will it work with DU943PWKT0?
will it work with du1055xtsq3?
will this work with whirlpool model # DU920PWKQ0
did this rack come with the wheels as shown?
Will this work with DU1301XTV02?
Will this work for kitchenaid KUDK031TWH3?
Will this lower dishwasher rack fits my whirlpool model DU810SWLT0? I don't see it listed for compatibility.
Will it fit dv940pwkb0
Does this work with Whirlpool SF362LXSY?
gas range whirlpool model sf362lxtto oven lights but will not stay lite?
does it work with the GFG461LVS1?
Is this valve compatible with Whirlpool SF367LEMW1? It is not the same part but could I substitute this one instead?
is this valve compatible with the Whirlpool SF379LEMS range.?
Is this valve compatible with the Whirlpool MOD SF462LXSS0?
is this the right valve for sf362lxsy0 (whirlpool model #)?
Is this the right valve for Whirlpool GS563LXSB0?
does the handle got the threaded inserts instaled?
Is this handle all metal, or metal in the middle, with plastic trim pieces where you mount it to the door? Can you swap in an all metal one for this?
How long is the handle
will this fit a Kenmore. the sears part # is 131359600
What are the dimensions? I need 12" long, 2" wide
Is the frame plastic/nylon or metal?
I have old Westinghouse dryer can this fit
will it work with model 134126300&Eacute;
Will it fit DEILW-2 MODEL?
Will this work for a Maytag washer model MAV9501EW?
Will this fit a Maytag washer model MAV95010EW?
does the kit come with a retaining ring / e ring ?
Will this fit Maytag Performa PAVT234AWW?
Will this work for a Maytag Atlantis MAV7200AWW?
will this part fit my kenmore laundry center washer Model#417-97972701?
I have a 2 speed Frigidaire Gallery washer (13 cycle - top load) the model number as found online is glws1339ec1. Will this motor work?
I have frigideaire gallery series front load model # GLTF2940ES3 SERIAL # XC70610492 LOOKING FOR MOTOR IS THIS WILL BE FINE FOR MY WASHER PLEASE LET M
I have a 1 speed on model Fex831c50 combo will 134196600 work where 134156400 was on the washer better is http://www.denek.com/cp_jpgBig/134160...
I ordered this one, but it has the wrong gender connector. Is the polarity critical when I solder on the old connector?
Do you know if this igniter would work with an older Crosley range, model no. CG3478VVD? The picture looks the same as the old one.
How long are the wires, from the edge of the ceramic body to the start of the connector?
we have an old wall oven roper brand model no. b4007b1 will this part work for the ignitor on the bottom not the top broiler one? thanks
Does anyone know if this would work on a Whirlpool with the model # WFG361LVQ ? Thanks for your help!
is working with O keefe &amp; merritt?
Will this work on an amana?
Please verify that this Cover part # 240350702 will or will not fit my FRIGIDAIRE fridge model #PLHS267ZAB5
does it comes with the glass
Would this be a replacement part for 240350700? Are they the same?
Will this fit Frigidaire Electrolux model FRS6R4EB5?
Will this part fit model LGUS2646LFO? Mine is Frigidaire Gallery 26.1 cu ft deep.
will this part fit model plhs67egs84
will this fit frigidaire model FRS26R4AB? the part # matched my manual
Please I would like you to check the Cover part #240350702 is for the middle crisper drawer, my fridge model is FRIGIDAIRE FRT18G6JW5, not lower drawe
Will this fit the Frigidaire model PHSC39EGSS1?
Will it fit Frigidaire Model # FRS6R5ESB6?
Is this compatible with Frigidaire model FRT18HS6JW2?
what are the dimensions
Is this compatible with Frigidaire FFTR1814L?
Is this compatible with Frigidaire GLRT83TES2?
Is this compatable with Frigidaire FRS6R5ESB6?
Will it fit in Frigidaire Gallery Model #LGHT2137NF4?
does this handle fit Frigidaire (Electrolux) Model LFHT1817LW6?
Does it fit Frigidaire FFHT1817LW3?
Does it fit model 18B4AW6
does this fit frigidaire ffht18626l
DOES IT FIT AN AMANA FRIDGE MODEL BZ22RL?
how many days it will be delivered?
Will this door handle fit on Model # FFHT2126 ?
Will this fit model LGUI2149LP0?
Does this handle fit Frigidaire model # LFTR1814LW8?
does the handle fit lftr1814lwl
will this fit a Fridgedaire FDB126RBS1,serial number TH31050274.Also need top rack and panel cover on door.
Is this rack white?
Will it fit a frgidaire modelGLDB653ASO
Will it fit Frigidaire model fdb956rbc1?
Need lower rack Model FDB10LCB0
My Frigidaire DW model # is FDBC45BAB1, will this rack my washer?
Will it fit a Kenmore model 665.17772990 dishwasher?
Will this fit Frigidaire Model FDB510LCBO
I have a Frigidaire DW model # FDB1500LFCO and need to replace the bottom rack. Does this rack fit my 2008 DW? Thanks!
Part number in product description does not match product title. Is this part number 154866702?
Looking to Replace my Crisper for GibsonGRT18C6AWE. Will it fit?
Is this a replacement for Kenmore drawer #240343803?
My part number is 2403371 and the drawer is 17 3/4". The 19.3" is too large. Do you have a replacement? Kenmore Refrigerator model #25363732300
is it replacement for kenmore drawer #10655642501??? thank
i have a sears kenmore model 253.68809015. yours measures about 19X12X14. mine is a few unches smaller. will this fit? according to sears. this is the correct model number.
Need to replace broken crisper pan for frigidaire model lghs2665kf1. what is the correct part #? thx
The 240337103 is the same part # but will it fit my frigidaire model frt8s6esbg?
Will this fit with FRIGIDAIRE MODEL # FAFW3511KWO, if not, do you have a proper replacement?
My Kenmore part number is: 240337103. Will this drawer work?
My Kenmore drawer part number is about the same as this Frigidare, is it the same drawer? (#2403371)
What are the actual dimensions of this shelf?
Does this shelf fit model #lffh20f3qwa
does this shelf fit model number FFTR1814LWJ Frigidaire?
does this shelf fit model number FFTR1814LWM Frigidaire
Does this fit Frigidaire Model No. NFTR18X4LWH?
do I need the end caps to properly install this shelf (3201150) or will it be ok without them?
will this part fit my FFHT1814LWA FRIGIDAIRE REFRIGERATOR?
will this fit a frigidaire LGUI2149LPO?
I've found all the parts I need except two; can you provide 240364787 and 240354401. I have five other parts in my cart. Just need these two more.
What is the length of the rack? The product description says 35 in. but mine are only about 24 in. However, the model number matches up.
will this fit a Kenmore?
Hello, I am looking for this model # in a kenmore: 240534901. Yours says Electrolux. Is it the same? Thks, Elizabeth
I have a kenmore ref. that calls for # 240356405 top door shelf, will this part # 240356401 fit mine
my model states is takes 240324501; this model looks the same, will it fit my Frigidaire?
Will this fit my Frigidaire FRS26HF5A?
my sticker in the refrigerator shows model FRS6R5ESB6, will item # 240356401 work with my model #
Would this item fit a model FGUS2642LFO (Frigidaire Gallery)? Like many comments, the clear bins are horrible and crack. Is the white stronger? Thx
Will this fit my model FRT211R7AW9?
Will this door bin fit my model: FRS6LR5EM6 side by side fridge? Thanks
HI my refrigerator is white on the inside, do you have your shelve AP2116036 in white ? i dont want any other color or it wont match
will this fit model frs-26r-4cb0
about the measures High, longer and wide?
I'm still confused. Do you receive 6 filters, or just 1?
Does this come in the metal frame?
What Size? I need 13" x 10" for a Trane Model- Thumd - 500APA00A - Will this fit? Thanks, Mike Poker
Does this vent fan have a plug or does it have to be hard wired?
Will this hood work with an 87" ceiling?
does the glass have a greenish tone? I/m trying to match it with a light fixture.
do I need to buy anything,to hook it up to an island ceiling
Does the glass get very dirty on this? I'm afraid it may be hard to clean.
I have a 10 foot ceiling with this work?
What are the chimney dimensions? We need it to fit into a pre-existing piece of cabinetry hung from the ceiling.
is there extension kit for this vent?
what do I need to do to make this recirculating?
I want to install this into a cathedral ceiling. Is that possible?
would this part fit bosch nexxxt 500 series model wfmc 3301uc
Will this work on a Bosch Nexxt 100 series front loader washer WFMC1001UC/06
Is this for the wfmc 5801uc/15?
which one is the door gasket for bosch nexxt 800 WFMC8401UC109 cloth washing m/c?
I have a GE PSC23SGRB. Will this part fit my model?
My Unit is Model No. PSS26MGPB BB The mounting bracket looks a little different but otherwise... Is this a go?
Will this work as a replacement for my invensys 2188708 valve to my fridge model #10655242400?
Is this a universal part for GE Profiles? I have model # TFX22PRB. It's 15 years old. Thanks!
Will this replace part # wr57x10032? Refridgerator model is gss23wsta ss.
Will this replace Frigidaire part number RIV-12AE?
Would this water inlet valve work on my ge model #psh23psra so
I Have a GE fridge model # GSS25SGSA SS will this fit my unit?
I have a GE model TFX25ZPBB WW part # PS304353, will this work?
I have roper rs22aqxmq00 will this part work?
will this fit my kenmore 500 series model #11027522600
how to install
Does this contain all the same parts as a Whirlpool PN 285790 Lining/Band (always for less)? Hard to see from the pics.
If my clutch is bad, will this work for Kenmore 90 series supercapacity model#110.26912691 seriel#CJ1808000
Does this kit include the C clamp that goes under the brake cam? It's not pictured in the photo here yet it is shown in the YouTube video.
Kenmore washer 60 series had no isolator ring, found oil leaking on transmission, do I need get this complete kit?
good day .. This kit is how are you in the picture
good day .. This kit includes bands .. thanks
will this fit my kenmore model number 11026742503
Does it work with CEM2940TQ0 ? I am buying also 3977767..
what is the upper limit on the new part as opposed to the older version as far as temperature is concerned
Is this kit the Thermostat and the Thermal Fuse as show in the picture?
does it work with estate dryer TEDX640JQ1?
Does this product come with all the items shown in the picture?
Our low limit thermostat went out on our Kenmore. The part number matches this one (3977393) but wrong dryer brand. That doesn't matter does it?
Are these the: 1) Heater Box Thermal Cut-off fuse part#3977393. 2) Hi Limit Thermostat part#3977767 for the whirlpool LER4634JQ1 dryer
Does this kit fit the WED4850XQ1? Does this kit include both the cut-off switch and the 3977767 Thermostat?
Does it work with CEM2940TQ0 ? I am buying also 3977767.. Do I need fuse for this dryer ? It's coin operated electric dryer
how many pieces was this?
I need a new PTC sensor? what is the ohm spread on the PTC? water temp at 92 and control says 138 unit only 2 months old
Would this be an effective devise to control the temp in my smoker which uses a electric smoke generator.
I need to keep a converted freezer at 65F for dry curing meat but occasionally need to heat to 95F for a day or 2. Can I program this unit to do it?
is there any alarm during high or low temp.?
Compressor delay? Does this unit allow a programmable delay for use with a compressor so as not to shorten the life of the compressor?
What is the diameter of the supplied probe? I'm wanting to fit it into a 1/4" ID stainless tube to use as a thermowell.
Possible to turn relay on when set temperature is reached and then shut off after 10 minutes? I'm trying to connect this to a pump that will turn on when the temperature has reached 130F and then run for 10 minutes and turn off. Is that possible with...
I need to control a blower motor, but I need the blower to turn off if temp A is lower than temp B.
can this be wired to a 220 air conditioner?
Are there two standard 110 outlets on the back or bottom of unit, or does it have to be hard wired.
Are the dimensions 24 x 15 x 6 inches as stated in the description? I need to replace a unit which is 19 x 10 inches.
does this fit the A100 model
How can I tell what color this unit is? I need white
Does it fit JennAir model C202?
Will this fit my Jennair it is model SVE47100 . We bought in 1997 . TY.
Does it fit a Model 88370?
Will this fit Jenn Air C301?
Will this work with a Jenn-Air Model S105?
Will this fit a Whirlpool cooktop module model RCK986?
Is this stainless steel?
how do I turn on the drying cycle?
Has anyone had a problem with their plates being too large for the tines? I have Fiesta Ware - don't want to have to buy new dishes.
How do I correct the alarm that sounds on my Bosch Ascenta Dish Washer?
The reviews are overwhelmingly poor. Has anyone replaced this model with something they can recommend?
Has anyone had a problem with the heating unit. I am concerned because the laminate baseboard under my cabinets has cracked .
is installation difficult
what is the expected life of a bosch dishwasher used a few times a week?
I'm looking for a dishwasher that, when it loses power and then the power is restored, will begin running again without needing to have a reset button pushed. Any suggestions? Thanks!
What diswasher has a short cycle
the dishwasher shows the #2 on the readout and shows it on dry. what do i do
what are the outside measurements?
what are the dementions?
Does this require to be defrosted to remove the ice build up in the freezer? Does it have a drain pipe?
What is the amperage draw?
What are the measurements?
what is the ampherage draw or watts specs?
Will magnets stick to the sides of this refrigerator? I have magnetic spice racks to save space and need to know if they will stick before purchasing
Do the people shipping the fridge install it?
how long does it take to deliver to zip code 98333?
What is the cost of shipping to 98037? I am prime member if that counts for this.
Do magnets work on the front of this refrigerator? Thanks!
What are dimensions
for the lfx 3395 is it a new one and can you waive shipping cost to duluth ga(30097)
what are measurements?
lg website shows this model as not having door in door. can you confirm please?
What is the air and water filter number for the LFX33975st?
does this have a "mirrored" front. The 1st 2 pics look flat stainless and the next 2 pics look mirrored. Also does it come with any kind of warranty
How does the water hook up work? Can I use a faucet? Can you add water manually?
1. Does the on off switch turn of the freezer portion as well as ice making? 2. LxWxH=15.1 x 17.4 x 24.5 inches? Thanks.
Is the ice clear or the more typical "white ice" that most tubular shaped ice-makers produce?
Is the ice clear or the more typical "white ice" that most tubular shaped ice-makers produce?
What is the warranty?
Does this require a drain?
does this have a water filter?
Does this ice maker need a drain line?
States it "makes" 12lbs of ice daily. Can it make and more importantly store 12lbs of ice?
Is this a once a year filter
is this price for 1 or 3 filters?
What is the exact deminsions of this filter?
the ad is for MERV 11, but the picture shows MERV 8. I would like to order a dozen but want to make sure they are the correct size and exact specs.
Will it fit Model MDBH955AWS ?
Will this fit a Maytag Quiet Series 100?
will this fit model mdb5600awb?
will it fit MDC4650AWW3
Will this part fit the Maytag Quiet Series 300?
will it fit mdbh965awb ?
will it fit the quiet series 200 Model MDB7751AWS
Will this fit my Maytag model # MDBTT59AWB? Maytag part # 99002580
will thisswitch work for amana model adb 1500 awb
Does this have a plug on both sides? The item has the right part # for mdbh750aws but the picture looks like it has just one plug; mine has two.
The pump I'm replacing lists a number 8540024 on it. Will this work as a replacement? It looks nearly identical.
does pump work with maytag model mhwe300vf00
Whirlpool Duet Washer &amp; Dryer Pedestals
The picture you have listed is backwards from the part i Have in my Whirlpool Duet Sport washer. In my washer the pump is on the right of the drain trap. Is this just an image thing? Also, I have the pump removed from the assembly, is there any reason...
the pump i"m replacing list # 854oo26 on it will this work
In the product picture above, is that yellow pump casing supposed to have any water inside?
Anyone know the difference between W10130913 and PS1960402? They look the same ~$20 different.
should the water drain pump be hot?
Do I have to change the whole part or can I just replace the motor part?
I need to order a water washer drain pump model number is WFW8500SR01 but i cant find it if I order the W10130913 will it fit my Front Loader Whirlpool Sport Duet? Need help finding one.
will this part work for model WGD5000VQ1?
Will this work on my Kenmore 400 model 110.79422801 ?
Will this part work for model # WED5800SGO
Is this part compatible with whirlpool dryer model wed5200vq1?
will this timer fit a whirlpool dryer md no LER7646EQ2 ?
I have a Roper by Whirlpool dryer Model Red4440vq1 I need the timer switch for it. I am asking you to make sure that this is the part I need. Thanks
is it compatible to an admiral dryer part
I am purchasing this timer for an Admiral AED4475TQ1. I noticed you provide an exhaustive list of dryers it should fit, but that was not one of them.
Does the latch assembly come as pictured, with the switches?
How do you un plug the electrical plugs? Mine will not pull off
maytag quiet 300 dishwasher will it fit ?
does this fit MDBTT59AWW?
will this fit a Maytag dishwasher model number MDBTT60AWW also is it white ?
Silly question perhaps but does connectors require anything special other that pulling straight out from old switches? It appears to have pin release.
Do this fits Maytag MDB7600AWW?
I need this in black - do you have that?
Will this work for my Maytag MDBH955AWB Quiet Series 300 Legacy Series?
Will this fit the maytag quiet series 100 dishwasher?
does this ice maker fit Kenmore 106.56722602
does this one work for model #10656936600 Kenmore side by side
I just had I maker delivered. It did not have shutoff arm. Did anyone's come with the shutoff arm?
does this ice maker fit Whirlpool W10190966
What is the difference between W10122507 and W10190965? My Whirlpool listed the 507 as primary and the 965 as substitution.
Will this work with Whirlpool ED5HEVXQ01?
does this icemaker fit roper by whirlpool model number RS22CFXTQ00
Does it come with any wiring harnesses? If so, are there any drawings or specs on WHICH harness it comes with?
Will suspension part W10189077 work with Whirlpool Cabrio washer WO6-WTW66005? Jerald Mills
Will this work for Whirlpool Cabrio Model #WTW6600SB1?
will this kit work with Cabrio WTW6400sw1?
will this kit work on Whirlpool Model wtw6400sw2?
I have whirlpool model wtw 6400 sw1 and the control panel shows uL and the machine doesn't finish cycle. The machine is level. Is this s sensor proble
my washer is model # WTW6600SW2 will the part W10189077 suspension for washer my machine?work on
I purchased the part @10189077 Suspension for my Cabrio, Model WTW7800XWO. I didn't have the model when I ordered. Will it work on my washer?
Will this works on my Kenmore Elite Oasis HE washer Model 11027092603
I HAVE A KENMORE 11027032603, WILL THESE WORK ON MINE? THANKS
Will this work for Model #6600SW2?
Hi, what's your warranty?
I need a drain pump. This looks suitable. My Washer is a Kenmore ELITE OASIS HE bought in late 2006. Troubleshooter guide shows W10026571 for washer.
Will this fit on Whirlpool model # WTW6400SW3?
How do you install the pump with the paper shield? no instructions
Will this fit my washer WFW9200SQA12
will this fit my washer 110.47089600?
my waser model # is wfw8300sw is this the right door latch?
is this replacement for part number w10254338
I just bought this part and installed it. Was told that is what my washer needed because turns on, door locks, and wash light flashes but then nothing.
Will this fit on an Amana Washing Machine Model NFW7300WW00?
I see it says 9.95 for the used but as I keep scrolling down it states 49.95 is it 9 plus shipping? Does it operate
do you still have the w10253483 lock?
I need to know if this item is the washer Door Seal and fit model WFW9150WW00
this seal fit model # wfw9250ww00
Hi. Does this comes with instructions to remove the old seal and intall this one? If not, any tips?? Thanks!
The part number in the description and the part number in the item title *ARE DIFFERENT PART NUMBERS*. Which is right?
Will it work for Whirlpool WFW9550WR00?
Can i use this part for amana nfw7300ww00 ?
Will this work for WFW9250WW01?
Will it fit a MHWE200XW00 Maytag series washer ?? according to sears they state its the correct part but your not listing it will fit ??
will this fit model WFW9250WW01
If I order seal do I need new ring clamp as well?
Anybody got an idea why this product is so high in cost, like other reviews said, it's just plastic and glass
Does this part fit the whirlpool model# WRS325FDAM
is this the shelf that the crisper drawer hangs from?
this part it equivalent for whirlpool model 7ED2HCQXSL00 part 2309523
Will this fit Whirlpool #325FDAB02? It's the same part number I got from the place where I purchased the refrigerator, but I don't see this model num
What are the measurements? I have a Maytag 8114P732-60
I have a maytag oven and inside measure around 24x15. on your descriptions of this product dimension is "Product Dimensions 27 x 18 x 2 inches" fit?
What are the measurements? I have a Maytag 8114P732-60
Will this fit a Bosch double oven model HB5055A
could this work instead of part 4452807, a discontinued oven rack for kitchenaid range KDRP407HBU10?
Is this a PAIR of racks, or a single rack?
What are the dimensions for this product?
Does this shelf hold the snack bin, or is it a stand alone shelf?
Does this work with Whirlpool ED2VHEXVB01?
will this fit Whirlpool ED5GVEXDOO?
is this part for whirlpool fridge model number ed2khaxvb00?
is this part for whirlpool fridge model number ed2khaxvb00?
Is the shipping box 22x22x3.5? Because I don't think the shelf is that big. Does anyone know the true measurements of the shelf?
What are the dimensions of this shelf?
Why do these shelfs break so easily?
this part include glass
Is this white - looks gray in photo
does it fit JGB600EED1ES gas range?
Will this fit on my range model # JSP50GN28G ?
I have been looking for griddle part numbers for my gas range model JGB690SEFSS, five burner convection oven. Will this fit?
Is this griddle Cast Iron or does it have a non-stick surface on it?
is this a certified ge part?
Just got this, make pancakes and they stuck like crazy to the surface! Is there something to put on it to make it nonstick? How should I clean it?
We have the GE Profile 36 in. Gas Cooktop, 5 Burners (Model No. PGP976SETSS). Will this fit?
Can this griddle be used with an electric range (Model PB915S-T1SS)?
Does this fit the Monogram 36" gas range ZGP364NRRSS? Looking for something to sit on top of grill in middle, thanks!
Looking to see if someone make a grill part for the jgb870 not griddle. Does one exist?
Will this work with a Whirlpool Cabrio m/n WTW6600SW2?
will this work with a Whirlpool model WTW6600SW1 SER CT3871853
Will this work with a Whirlpool Cabrio m/n WTW6300SW1?
Is this compatible w/ Whirlpool model WTW5640XW1 ?
What kind of warranty does this come with?
Will this work for model # MTW 6700TQ1
Will this W10189966 work for maytag MTW6500TQ0?
will this work on whirlpool model no. wtw6200sw2
have whirlpool cabrio wtw6400sw2. will this board work
Will this work with Whirlpool Cabrio Model Number WTW6600SW0
What color is this part? I need white.
Hi, I have a Frigidaire refrigerator Model #PLHS267ZA and it says I need to get part #241681703 for my ice dispenser but will this part also work?
How can you tell if the part is white?
Does anyone know if these pans (and the 6") will fit in the electric Frigidaire model from about 20 years ago? Thank you!
Will the 6 and 8 in units fit Fridgidaire model FFEC3603LW?
i have a kenmoe electric range part number is the same will it fit
I have a model FEF368GBD - does this fit this model?
Does this work with Model FEF366EMB ?
Does this element fit model # FEF352DU?
Would the element model 316075104 fit my Frigidaire model # FEF326ASE, if not can you recommend the correct product Thanks
will this work in model FEF375bhbb?
I measured my 15 yr old fridgedare element for model FED300WCW-D.the width looks good. I am concerned this may be a bit too long.
Does this fit model # fef336ask
Is this the same as Frigidaire part PS 2332301? My range model is LFEF3011LBD.
Does this fit model FEFB66ECH?
Is this the same part as part number 316225001 for a Kenmore stove model # 790.95313308?
Is this an "infinite" switch, meaning it will rotate both sides from the "off" position? That's how the original one operates on my range. Thanks.
i have gallery series frigidaire will this part work for my stove
does this work with frigidaire model FEF336ECE?
Does this switch fit the Kenmore Electric Range 79097453804?
does this switch fit a Kenmore model 79095314301? I am trying to replace part # 316021501
This switch fit in a Kenmore model no. 79096122403? The original part number for this switch in my guide is 316121501.
Will this 316499900 griddle fit a Frigidaire FGF348KCN Gas Range
Will this fit a fggf3054kf?
will fit a ples389dcd stove
Will this fit FFGF3019LWE
Will this griddle fit model FGGF304DLF? Its center grate is 18.75" D by 9.25" W in center. It tapers to 8.5" W at ends.
Will this grill fit model #FGGF3054MF?
Is the griddle integrated?(that is can/do I remove the iron grate from the center burner then place the griddle in place to get a level sturdy fit?)
will this fit DGGF3042KFJ Frigidaire gas range
Will this fit fggf3032mf gas stove?
Is this cast iron or cast aluminum? Thanks!
I have a Frigidaire model number: FRS23LH5DB2. Will this water valve fit it? Sears website says it will. Thanks!
I have a Kenmore 253.56512400 will this work.
i have a frigidaire refrigirator will these fit model frs23r4aq6
will this fit a frigidare model # frs23kr4a
will this fit model FSC23F7DB5?
Will this fit a 253.57388601 kenmore refridgerator
I have a Frigidaire model number: FGHB2844LF Will this water valve fit it?
i have a frigidare model # fpus2686lfo will this water valve fit it
Will it work with a Plrs267zab7?
Hi - two questions - will this work even if the temp goes below the 34 listed on it, and also does it need to be removed or unplugged in summer?
What happens with this part in the summer time when the temperature gets above 80 degrees? Does it ever turn off?
Will this work on model # LFTR1814LBJ Top Freezer?
will this work on a model FFHT2117LB?
not fitting my Kenmore frig ... any suggestions??
is this compatable with frigidaire model FFTR1814Q?
Will this work on Maytag PTB1919GR
Will this work on a Frigidaire Model FRT1856AWX?
Will this work for Kenmore model 253.6880201B?
What does this garage kit do?
Is this the same as a 316455410R ? Will it service a frigidaire FGF337ASA stove?
My range has a board that looks just like this with part number 316455520. It's a Kenmore 790.71319705, Is this board compatible?
will this part work on frigidaire model ffgf3011lwc
Hello folks,anyone have an f31 code on the timer when they decided to replace this? Thanks
Do you have a range control board for a frigidaire FGF348KCJ gas stove?
The clock timer for the range works, but all four of the screws holes broke. Is their a way of reattaching the board without buying a new one
will this part work with my Kenmore 79070609014
will this fit a Frigidaire FGF348KGN
will this work with a kenmore model number 79071208703
will this work for frigidaire model lfgf3014lwc
Will it fit Fridgidaire model PLHS67EESB4?
Will it fit Frigidaire model #PLHS67EGSB1
kenmore #253.55679407 Will it fit.?
Will this work with Frigidaire FRS26LF8CS1 ?
will this fit Fridgidaire model PLHS69EESS2??
WILL THIS FIT MODEL # PLHS39EESS9?
Will it fit my Frigidaire Model #PHSC39EESS5?
Will it fit Fridigaire model #PLHS67EESB9? It looks like the same one I have, but I don't see it listed.
will this fit frigidaire model #FRS6LC8FS1?
will this work for my electrolux icon? The part number I have is 241685704. it looks like the correct part, and your item came up with my part number.
Is there any warranty on this item?
Is this OEM or not? The ad says yes; one of the comments says no.
Is this actually manufactured by Frigidaire?
What turns it on O or -
I need to know if this part works with model FPHS2699KF3?
hello one question... i need to know if this ice maker works in this frigidaire model PHS39EHSS5
i want to order this part can you confirm that it fits Frigidair model GLRS237ZDW2 (mfg 9-2004)
i have a glhs68egpb5 refridgerator by frididaire, is your 5303918344 ice maker for this fridge?
what color/colors is this one? the pics. for it are confusing
what is the dba level for the amount of sound for this model when it's running?
how is this measurement read for this dishwasher (LENGTHxWIDTHxHEIGHT)? 24.5 x 34.5 x 23.9 inches
does the silverware come out clean after a cycle?
Does anyone have a review on how well this dishwasher works? Do you think it was a good purchase?
does this have two sprayers? one on top and one on bottom?
how long does it take to wash a normal load of dishes?
I need a built in dishwasher we have a Maytag which never performed well and is a piece of crap. What is out there for a family of four...we do dished 2-3xs per week.
how to tell when it's finished washing and drying. There isn't a green light or a sound that I've heard.
Are there filters that i need to remove and clean on my whirlpool dishwasher in white with a model number WDT720PADW, item number 623209?
Filter
Will this work on an Admiral Dryer Model# LNC7766A71?
Are the dimensions of 7 x 5.5 x 0.8 inches listed in the product description correct? The part I am looking to replace has a part # of 531182 which measures approx 1" x 1".
Does this come with the Thermal Cutoff Switch?
Will this cap fit model KUDS301VSS2?
will it fit kitchenaid KUDS35FXSS8
Will it fit model kuds30ixbl2
Will this cap fit model MDB4709AWQ1
Will it fit model KUDT03FTSS3 ?
will this fit model kdfe304dblo
Will it fit KUDS30IVBS4
Will this fit kuds03ctbl2
Will it fit Model KUDS30IXSSA?
Will it fit Kitchenaid KUDC10FXSS5 model?
is it similar to the Maytag Ice Maker Icemaker D7824706Q? considering they both have the same #
i need a new ice maker but cannot find part here is the mod.# ed5chqxvq01 whirlpool please help
Would these work for whirlpool model ss25hfxls00
Will this unit replace S 106 626639 installed on my Amana without any modification? Amana SXD25QA3W
Will this fit Whirlpool model ED5HVEXVQ01?
I have this being delivered on Thursday I want to confirm that this is a OME part and not some other manufacturer I paid additonal to get OME
Does anyone know if this work on a Roper RT 18dkxkq03? Thank you
does this replacement fix problem most of the time or will i probably need a new valve in the lower back of fridge?
Are the stated dimensions of 14.6 x 7.5 x 7.4" correct?? The one I'm replacing is closer to 11x4x5".
Will this fit a Kenmore Elite HE3 model 110.42832 200?
Will this fit my Kenmore Elite HE3t Model #110.44932200?
Will this fit a Kenmore Model 11045872404?
Will this pump fit kenmore model number 110.42936220?
will this fit Kenmore Elite HE 3t Model No. 110-42926-200
Will this pump fit kenmore elite model 110.42922 200?
will this washer drain pump 12801879 also fit the Maytag mfw9700sq1?
will this fit my kenmore elite He3t model 110-42926-202
will this fit a Kenmore Elite HE3t model 11045972400?
Will this fit a Kenmore Elite HE3 model 110.42936 200?
power outage or surge. HOW DOES IT WORK AND DO I HAVE TO RESET IT IF IT GOES OFF ?
How many shelves are in the unit?
Does the door open up to the side or to the back?
who makes it and is it worth the price all I want to do is freeze fish
Can it get down to -40C?
How cold does it get? Can it go down to, say, -30F?
power outage or surge. we get them a lot do I have to reset it, when it happen? I hate to come home and find it off
Is this product frost free or not.. The reviews say it is not?
is it frost free or not
What are the interior dimensions of this freezer? Also, is there a "hump" at the bottom?
very noisy on last spinning cycle????
does it have a built in agitator?
what is the height when the top is open?
can you manuelly adjust yhe water level
Will this thermostat work on a local intranet system without requiring an external internet connection i.e., without using Honeywell's website?
Will this thermostat perform basic functionality cool/heat on/off (manually) without being paired to a z-wave GW. I Won' have a gateway for 1-2 months
Does this work with a Smartthings hub and app?
can it be used on celsius?
how big is it - it says 7.2 X 5.5 X 4.2 - does that mean it sticks out from the wall by 4.2"?
Will this therostat work with the nexia zwave system
Does - this thermostat have a lock out feature so you can set limits on high and low temps? Can you prevent others from tampering with it?
I tested voltages on all wires, but tested two units and neither turn on. Anything I'm missing?
Can the color of the display screen be changed? It looks dreadful....a flashback to the 1980s
If you make a temperature change directly on the panel, does it report this change back to the ZWave network?
Self cleaning?
how do i turn on the baking drawer? how do I get it to work?
Is there an extended warranty on this stove? If so, what are the terms on the warranty.
Whe the oven fan kicks on, does it affect the flame on the burners
what is the overall btu rating using lp?
how easily can you scratch the top
can you bake in the bottom oven drawer
Can someone please confirm the drawer has its own temperature guage (so i can set it to a different temp than the large top oven)?
Does anyone know if this item is now being shipped with the improved knobs that do not melt?
Is there any such thing as a dual fuel range with gas and electric rather than gas and convection?
what are the dimensions?
I have 30" wide.space. Will I be able to open the doors within that 30" Wide space.
59" with door open 90 degrees? When its depth itself is 28.25"? The doors are split the width. Most others this size are 40-45. How is this 59?
Is the stainless steel door magnetic?
width with door closed?
Could you tell me how close the back of the refrigerator can be to the wall? Thank you! Debbie
Quality
Has anyone used this for cloth diapers?
Is this the BEST countertop, electric washer there is out there?
This doesn't need to drain while in operation? I am a truck driver and would like to place it in seat, want to make sure it doesnt shoot water out
Has anyone used this to wash bed linens? Can you fit a queen sized microfiber blanket in it?
How long will it be used untill it doesn"t work?
Can I just use it to spin clothes? I handwash delicate clothes and need spin them to remove water.
How long does this last? Has anyone been using it for like an year or so?
Does the washer move around a lot when in operation? Anyone tried the Laundry Alternative mini washer plus with rinse cycle?
does itspin the cloths
HOW DO YOU PUT THE WATER IN THE WASHER
can this be used with propane gas?
does it have to be hooked up to electricity or can you light it with a match, no electricity where i want to use it.
can this top be mounted in a butcher block counter top?
What is the cut out dimensions? Width x Depth?
What are the inside dimensions of the oven?
does it come with griddle? wok?
What does the NSS indicate versus SS in model #
It that a back splash on the back of the range, or a powered vent?
Is the oven gas or electric?
What is the difference between the model VEFSGE 365SS and VEFSGE 365NSS
Does this range have Sabbath Mode?
what is the cubic ft size?
Is the oven self-cleaning?
Mine didn't come with a back splash? Was this normal?
I wish this had a black cooktop...for practical reasons. Is the stainless impossible to wipe/keep clean from spills and fingerprints????
Is the baking drawer heated by gas or electric?
Have you used the baking drawer on the gas version? I don't quite understand what you do with it....
Is the oven gas
how do you hook up the baking oven
What kind of warranty accompanies does the oven come with?
What is the decibel level of the noisy fan? You can measure it if you have an iPhone. There is a free app that has a decibel meter.
Does this heat up your kitchen? My Electrolux EW30GS75KS heats up my entire 1st floor to the point I won't cook in the summer. My oven has a fan that blows between the door and just under the electronics to prevent them from burning up. I want to avoid...
What color are the sides
Has anybody converted this to LPG? Wondering how that went and if it still has plenty of BTU's?
How do you clean the stainless steel? I heard it scratches easily is this true?
Having owned the GE Cafe cook top for over a year how would you rate it now, any issues or problems?
Does the grill come with it or is it extra? If it is extra, how much does it cost?
what are the real dimensions, they obviously are not what is stated here. Where can I get the acutal dimensions
are the knobs plastic or metal?
How thick are the grates? A similar GE cooktop has grates that are too thick and prevents the flame from contacting the bottom of cookware.
What is the actual installed width of the cooktop?
can this product be used with propane gas?
Anywone have the GE Gas Cooktop JGS750SEFSS - Do you like it and how hard is it to clean the stainless steal cook top?
Does the griddle come with the unit or is it an accessory that needs to be purchased separately?
Is this cook top available for propane?
Does the cooktop have enough room for all burners to be used at the same time with regular pots? Or is it cramped?
I bought this and tried to install it. There are gaps just at the rounded corners between the cooktop and the granite. Can anything be done?
Are knobs metal or plastic
Anyone have an issue with their pots and pans wobbling on the cast iron grates?
Two questions: What are the BTU ratings for all the burners?, and What are the distances in inches center to center between burners?
My Cafe series appliances have a grey logo, the picture shows a red logo. What color logo will I receive?
Are there metal knobs that can be purchased to replace the plastic ones?
will it fit in a 29" door way ..with the doors and bottom frezzer drawer removed ? thank you joe
Does the LG LFC25765ST 33-Inch Width French Door Refrigerator, Stainless Steel have an ice maker?
How do you clean finger prints off the doors
does this stove have the griddle attachment? i need more details please.
Using the griddle feature, does the single control knob adjust the flame on BOTH left hand burners? Mine turns on both but only adjusts one.
Does this include propane conversion kit? If not, do they manufacture such a kit?
Does it include the griddle plate as shown in the picture?
What are the substantive differences, if any, between this model and the 350CPG, other than pricing?
I have a Whirlpool ET22DKXFW00 refrigerator. Will this ice maker work?
WRT371SZ whirlpool 20.1 cubic feet refridgerator, has top freezer without icemaker. Will this fit? I dont need a replacement, wish to add an icemaker
I have a Kitchen Aid Fridge Model # KTRP18KDWH00, will this ice maker work for it?
will this kit fit my Magic Chef refrigerator?
Will this fit my Kenmore Coldspot model # 10670962990
Will this work in a whirlpool model #WITXNMFWB01?
Will this fit Roper model RT18BKXKQ03
will this fit the w8txnngbb01
Does this fit in model WRT511SZDW00?
will this fit kenmore model 59652672200?
Will this fit whirlpool model ET5WSEX5Q00 It has never had an Ice maker but it is supose to be set up for one
Will this fit WHIRLPOOL model number ET1MHKXMQ00
Will this work with a Kenmore side-by-side refrigerator 4115?
Will this work with a Kenmore Model # 41153 side by side?
Will this fit Roper model RT18BKXKQ01, just want to make sure. thanks
Whirlpool MBF 2256kew3 ? Assuming it includes everything in the picture. I had an issue with either the pump or maker... figure just replace both.
Will the 2198597A Ice Maker Kit work on my Kenmore Model No. 10655613400
Will this item fit my Inglis Model IT18TKXSQ?
will it fit ed5dhexwq oo
Will this work with Kitchenaid KBFA20ERSS01?
Will this unit work in my Kitchenaid KSSC42QMS side by side refrigerator ice maker--on the unit itself it says IM #S 626664
I have a Kitchen Aid refrigerator model KSRG25FKSS04 with an eye sensor for releasing the ice cubes. Is this unit compatible with my refrigerator?
I have a whirlpool gold model GD5RHAXNB00 will this fit?
Will this fit my Maytag side by side Model MFI2269VEB6 ?
This product comes with cables as shown in the picture?
will the part #2198597A fit my kitchenaid model #KSRG25FKWH01
Could someone tell us the actual inside dimensions? Asking what we want to store is not as helpful as, for example...12" x 12" x 12".
How much food does it actually hold?
Will this pizza hold large pizzas? I'm thinking Red Baron or even the Sam's Large pizzas. I can't find any interior dimensions.
i needed a small freezer for my breastmilk storage. How well does it freeze?
I lost my keys....any suggestions other than inquiring manufacturer ?
How thick is the gasket that seals around the door? If I had a bottle that would stick out about 0.2" when pushed up to the back would it still fit?
can it be used as a Fridge too? or only as a freezer
can we see how it is inside??
hi does this truly stay really cold because im going to put dead rats in it and i really dont want them heating up and stinking
can someone please tell me the side to side exterior measurement...is that the 18.5 or the 17.75? that half inch makes a difference..thanks!!
Are the dimensions H/W/D?
What is the power consumption? Thinking of using it on a boat but would need and inverter.
Can you reverse the door hinge so it opens the other way?
How long is the power cord? Is it a typical grounded plug? Thanks
Dimensions
How wide is this freezer? Outside measurements.
What is the lowest temperature this freezer can be set. What does true 0F mean?
Can you use this product overseas on a 220V?
can you use this freezer overseas on a 220 Volts?
Are the inside dimensions enough to store a store bought pizza?
Can the lights be replaced with brighter ones?
I ordered this hood with the carbon filter so i could use it as a ventless,ductless unit, please tell me its possible, Is it ventless too?
After we trimmed the chimney it left a black line of melted material around the edge. Tried to remove with goo gone and it won't come off. help!
I have a 7ft 8in ceiling. Will this range hood work for that? Also, we don't want the hood the hand more than 24 inches from the ceiling.
What is the shortest height that the chimney can be adjusted to? Thanks!
can you provide installation instructions for this model? i am not sure I have enough room and want to check it before I buy.
what is the biggest wattage you can put in, I have one and like it but want more light
What is the size of the packaged product to be transported?
What size duct work does it require?
Is there any advantage having a LCD display unit over the standard button unit. Also handy man is asking $600 to install it with vent. Is it fair?
how do you set the clock on the led display?
what is the dimension of the hood shaft that goes into the ceiling
Can anyone tell me what's the minimum height of this hood? I have a very low ceiling and the height of the hood has to be less than 25 inches. Thanks
What's the difference between the GVAI-30 and this one other than the clock? I don't see anything in the specs to say otherwise.
how do you change the lights in the fan
Can anyone tell me how to turn off the annoying beeper? The instructions - which are full of poor grammar - doesn't help.
Can this hood be wall mounted?
is it ventless/ductless
Will this range hood work for a 7ft 71/2 inch ceiling? We also do not want the hood to hang lower their 22 inches from the ceiling.
Can this be used as a ductless system? If so, what is needed?
what are the dimensions of the ceiling opening? I need a hood with the ceiling opening that is no more that 12'' (one foot) wide.
Must this vent hood be venter to the outside air? I live in a condo and am not allowed to break walls leading to the outside.
What are the demensions of the air stack? I cant seemt find this info.
does this vent to the outside
How do you change clock from military time to regular time?
could you describe the color of the glass?
What's the color of the glass?
does it work for a 7'5" ceiling?
Can the 2w leds be replaced by higher power like 10 or 20w?
This hood is for 8-9 foot ceilings. What extention would fit for a 12 foot ceiling?
What is the difference between a regular oven and a convection oven?
Would you buy the 5 burner again if you knew that it would not heat up like you hoped it would?
griddle
Some reviewers talk about grilling and others using a griddle. Are there different parts that swap out in the middle or are they the same?
is there a matching range hood?
Can the burners be lit during a power outage? I live in an area of common ice storms, so that's a make or break for me.
can i use it when there is a power failure
Does this product come with a conversion kit?
Are the upp and lower ovens are BOTH gas and convection, or just one or the other. Can anyone clarify? trying to decide between this and profile.
1)Do both ovens have rollers on the racks 2)Do both ovens broil 3)No keep warm, but you can get the same effect b/c of the manual knob?
Can you buy additional ball bearing racks? Thanks.
i bought this range for my daughter. It burns food close to the sides of the oven when she uses the upper oven. Is there a way to correct this?
Is this a down draft stove?
Some dual fuel top burners will not light during a power outage due to a built in safety feature. Does this one have that safety feature?
Is the fan really noisy? I was set on buying this but read the reviews about the fan being really noisy. We have an open kitchen/living/family
Does it require venting to the outside?
LP gas users (Propane users) how would you rate the output of the burners? Who did your conversion to propane?
My shingles overlap/overhan the back of the gutter. The shingles are heavy and can't be lifted to slip anything underneath. Will thiis work?
My gutters turn down on the inside of the gutter at a right angle for about 3/8 to 1/2 inch. Will your #854054 clip on to this type gutter?
Is it 6 inches long or six feet long? thanks
What about snow? Any problems I should know about?
What gutter guard is best for long pine needles? The plastic type with a mesh fabric glued to the underside fell apart putting needles
Does using these gutter guards void the roof warranty?
Has anyone tried fitting this product with heating cables to help prevent ice dams? Which cables work and how difficult was the adaptation?
Are ice dams more likely to occur when using gutter guards?
What # stainless steel are these? Are they the good stuff or the Chinese stuf that rusts?
recalls on whirlpool cabrio
Has any one had issues with bad smels from their cabrio washing machine?
Why can't I smell the fabric softener after the wash is done?
I got my Whirpool Cabrio in 2006, it's still working great but is rusting on the inside rim and I'm wondering why?
No water come in an it hummming
what is best way to load clothes to avoid unlevel load ?
water leak on floor want to know anybody had prob with hoses under machine
What does code F6 mean ?
Reviews of the Whirlpool gas dryer wgd6200sw2?
my washer will not come on. it makes a humming sound like it wants to come on and spin but it do not. have this happened to anyone else.
Is this a quiet appliance?
Is it a built-in unit? If not, what is the diffefence between built-in and under counter unit?
In the picture looks like the shelving is made for wine bottles and for them to lay down. I would like to use as a beverage cooler and have cans, water etc. Does it have flat shelving that I can set cans/bottles upright? If not can I order replacement...
Does anyone know where I can get a replacement key for this? I lost mine and need it now that we have mobile 8 month old twins.
How do I turn off the light as it is locked on and I can't get it to unlock? Tried to hold the two buttons for thirty seconds but nothing happens?
two questions, Is the door reversible? Who manufactures this product? Where made?
What is the coldest temperature this unit will cool to?
warranty
How much does the actual temperature fluctuate as it cycles on/off throughout the day? If I set it for 55F, how close does it stay to 55?
Are the doors reversible?
I don't know how to set the timer.
When the timer trips from On to Off, do you get a spark?
Should the switch be turn to on or off for it to be used as a timer? Either mine isn't working or I don't know what I am doing...
Is the device small enough to leave one free outlet or will it take up both spaces?
After I plug the lamp into the timer device should I manuially turn the lamp on or leave it off?
Does it make any clicking sounds while in use?
is this timer good for ouydoor use
How much power does the timer itself consume?
noisy
Can I make this timer just have 1 on/off instead of 3?
Can the burners be lit with a match when electric power is out?
can this range be converted to propane
what is the sizes of ovens
Can you turn the convection feature off?
can the oven work with propane gas only
Can this be converted to 220V?
I have a 07/19/2003 Kenmore HE3T Mod: 110.44932200 and calls for a 8181684 pump(complete). Just need motor(461970201671). Will this work?
I have a Kenmore Elite HE3T with the part number 294020-M75 on it. Will this part replace mine?
I have a kenmore elite he3 model number 11042822220 will this pump work for it
bearing kit for 110 42932 200 Hard to do?
Will this part fit model110.45981 400?
where do I find an he3t drain pump 110.42936200 461970201671?
I have a kenmore elite model # 11047088600 will. this pump wrk n mount in the same way n wire harness hook up the same
I have a 110.45081404 Kenmore Washer will this pump work?
In determining what you are and are not selling, can you advise if I get the full assembly in the right side of the picture? I find it most confusing
replacement water discharge pump part # for Kenmore Elite 5t, model #11047701800
What type of leads come with the unit, i. e. alligator/pin probe?
I work on old Amps, can it test 350 volt &amp; 450 volt capacitors.this question is pertaining to the Atlas ESR 70
is this the esr 70 plus or esr 70. it is confusing because you show a picture of the plus but title is esr70.
does it check for a leaky cap?
What type of leads come with the ESR70?
Faucet attachment giving me problems. The water coming from faucet when not connected to d/w is highly pressurized. Is this normal?
Can I fit a large pot or pan in this? And would it clean it good? It's alright if I have to put the pot or pan in alone for the wash.
Does the dishwasher come with a warranty separate of the warranty you can purchase at checkout?
I want this unit but I need the connectors to run about a foot longer. Has anyone hacked into the the lines to extend them? Do tell!
Being this is portable does it have a hookup that hooks up directly to the water faucet?
can you hook it in perminantly?
How many dishes actually fit in? We are a two person household, how often should I expect to run it?
How many dishes actually fit in? We are a two person household, how often should I expect to run it?
do I need an adapter for the faucet hookup?
What is the 3 in 1 setting on the machine? I just purchased this and can't find what it specifically does
Will this filter fit Sears/Kenmore fridge model 7759?
does this filter fit a Kenmore Elite Bottom Freezer, model 795.7103
will this filter fit madels 795
Will this filter fit Kenmore Elite Model # 795.7107
How do I reset the filter on my Kenmore Elite model # 46-9690?
Is this filter compatible with Kenmore elite model 7955107
Will this filter fit my Kenmore Elite model # 795.72043.112?
does this fit model 795.74043.410
Does this work for model number 795.74023.410?
How and where do you put the filter on?
Will this ductless installation kit work for a Golden Vantage 30-inch OSWRH198KZ4-30-GV Stainless Steel Wall Mount Range Hood?
Will this ductless installation kit work for a Golden Vantage 30-inch OSWRH198KZ4-30-GV Stainless Steel Wall Mount Range Hood?
Is this a 2 filters pack?
If I purchase the carbon filter with the hood does this need to be vented to outside?
Are all GE Standard fitting? The numbers on my knob sare as follows: KIP5B5S and 191D2826 and 191D3419 there is also PBT 2. Will these work for me?
Are these knobs plastic or metal?
Is this a stainless look or chrome?
Is this black or stainless steel in color?
how many knobs comes in a pack
Can anyone tell me the diameter of the shaft these knobs are meant to fit on? The shaft on my cooktop is 7/32" or about 6mm. Thanks!!
Is this price for 1 knob or a set of 4
is it for a stainless double oven?
does it have a D shape insert
does this comes in set of 4 or this price is just for one ??
My new amana fills but will not go to wash cycle???
What do you know about the Kenmore 3.4 cu. ft. top load washer 20022?
I have the worst sewer smell coming from this machine. What gives?
how do you open the top when you have no power?
how can you stop the washer from draining out when you want to add an item?
I have the top load but it has a lock when it starts. How can you get the lock to disengage to put fabric softener in the rinse cycle?
where can i get an owners manual?
does it have an agitator
Can you wash a comforter in it?
what is difference between speedqueen AWN542 and AWN542S?
HOW MUCH WATER DO THEY USE PER WASH ?
Can you tell me if the gentle cycle is in fact delicate on clothing? Worried the agitator might damage delicate &amp; expensive clothing. Thank you!!!
what is the warantee on the speed queen awn542
Can Amazon tell me what year this washer was manufactured in? I am only interested in 2013 model.
What kind of detergent is recommended? My building has one of these, and my clothes are not coming out very clean at all. Been using ALL clear packets
What is the difference between model AWN542S and model AWN412S?
what are the exterior dimensions?
Do all of these machines ship with the "grease issue" that several reviews have commented about? Is this standard manufacturing practices?
What are the dimensions in terms of footprint (where the legs are)? The dimensions listed 21.8 x 20.2 seem too big and almost square. Might not fit on my counter. I don't care if the wine part goes over the sink. The legs must fit on the counter!
if I buy any of the simplehuman products off Amazon, do they still have their 5 year manufacturer's warranty?
Is this stainless steel? Does it rust?
is there an easy way to clean it?
Is the direction of the water spout adjustable or is it only out of the wider side?
What size knives can the knife block accommodate? I've got 8-10" chef's knives that I use/ wash regularly.
Are all the legs on this (height) adjustable? Just wanted to confirm before ordering since I have a considerable lip to my sink.
Wondering the clearance under the drip spout? We have a ledge around our sink we're trynig to get over!
How many plates can this hold?
can the wooden knife block be removed? I would like to use that space for more utensils....
Is the exhaust on the right side?
Hello I am looking for sonya portable mini dryer 110V 13lbs capci, is it the same as that? Thank you
My daughter has this dryer, it has not worked for a year. The repair people say they are unable to get parts to fix it.
Can you put it on a stackable piece?
Would one of you check to see if the wattage draw is on the label on the back of the machine?
can i blug into wall
Is door reversible?
This dryer use 110 or 120V?
Which settings to use for permanent press, so its wrinkle free? Heat setting? How many items can i load? How long to set the timer?
How many prongs does the power cord have? Is there a way I could see the cord?
this prduct is made by us?
How much electricity does it use in comparison to the regular electric stove?
120V? I think i have 110V at my house in DC area. Can I use this unit here?
What is the minimum diameter?
Is there a 'warm' feature that will keep something at 100 degrees? I'd like to use this to melt butters waxes, then hold them, for soaping
Does anyone find that just 10 heat settings is too restrictive? Do you need more accurate variation in temperature control for cooking?
What is the warranty
maybe I am missing it but it does not say enything about the manufacturer.. what company makes this?
Can these induction cooktops be used to put a canning pot on and generate the proper heat to do the job?
Is it noisy? The one I bought by another brand has a constantly working fan that is uncomfortably loud. I wonder if it is an issue in all.)
will these grates fit my model VDSC485-16GSS? What size are these grates need measurements. my grates are 9 3/4" x 10 3/4" Thank you
I am looking for grates for my Viking stove and this is the model I need, except they look dull and mine are shiny. Are there 2 different finishes?
Hi, Would this fit model # VGSS3606VDSS ?
will these grates fit model VGRT480-4GSS?
Does this unit have a lock on the door? An indicator light for power?
can you tell me the distance between the shelves? I can't find one of these in a store so I can see it, and I can't find the measurements online! I'd like to know how much room there is in each area so I know what size foods they would hold. thanks!
difference between Avanti VM302W1-1 2.8 Cu. Ft. Vertical Freezer - White and Avanti VM302W1 2.8 Cu. Ft. Vertical Freezer ?
difference between Avanti VM302W1-1 2.8 Cu. Ft. Vertical Freezer - White and Avanti VM302W1 2.8 Cu. Ft. Vertical Freezer ?
One review said this frige is taller than labeled. What are the exact measurements?
Do I have the capability to lock it?
avaini not cold enough
Can the door open to the left
Can the door open to the left
What is the capacity? How many cans can it store?
Under "product Information" the dimensions are 17.2 x 18.8 x 20.2 inches, under "product details" the dimensions are 24" H x 23" W x 25" D. Which is correct?
What are the inside dimensions? I want to display eggs in cartons at the farmer's market. Can it be used for that?
How cold can the unit get in a normal temp. room? (approx. 70 deg.F.)
Will this fit a Kenmore Coldspot 106.74269400 refrigerator? If so, are the terminals marked to indicate where the hot wire, ground, etc need to go?
Will this fit a Kenmore 106.61192101? And does it come with bracket or fan blade?
Will this fit a Summitt FF985 refrigerator? thank you.
Will this part work with a Whirlpool ET1MHKXMT08? Is this a new part?
Will this fit a Kenmore Coldspot 106.53644300?
Will this replace Amana model BX21VW fan part # 12442201
Will this part work on Kenmore 106-72862100? it looks identical, is there a wiring diagram for it also?
Will this work on a Kenmore Model # 3639711786?
Will this fit a Kenmore 10657572790? I believe it is a Whirlpool. the existing dead one has no part number
Will it fit a Roper side-by-side Refridgerator, Model # 22AQXKQ03
which side goes up?
does this contain 2 filters? There are 2 filters measuring 6.5x5 inches that came with the humidifier that fit into the filter space.
what size are these filters, they look square in the photo?
I have a Honeywell Humidifier and manual tells me to use HAC=700 filters. Are these the correct ones?
what honeywell model humidifier does this filter fit?
what are the filter measurements please?
Do you need to purchase the Red Link enabled connector for $90 to be able to use the remote control wifi feature?
Does this unit come with the Portable Thermostat or must I purchase it separately?
How to wire for hot water heat and separate AC unit. Nothing in install manual. Honeywell 800 number won't help homeowner.
How long do the batteries last in the wireless temperature sensors?
Is it recommended that for a 2-zone house (upstairs and downstairs) that you get two of these units?
What benefit do the sensors provide (supply, discharge, ourdoor)? Does this thermostat provide any utilization/temp reporting like the Nest?
Will it call out if temp drops below a set point (freeze alarm)?
Anyway to muffle the "clicking" sound these make. We have 2 in our new house and one was installed in master bedroom and wakes us up
Will the unit also control a humidifier?
Does this thermostat make a loud click when turning on? My thermostat is in the bedroom, I require something with a soft, not piercing click.
would this thermal fuse fit my whirlpool dishwasher model# DU950PWKB0
Will this fit KitchenaidKUDMO1TJBLO?
will this be good for a whirlpool gu2400xtpi1
will this fit kenmore kudc10ixwh?
do I need this part or the 675813
Will this fuse fit my Kenmore Elite model #665.15932000
will this fit my whirlpool mod#DUL200PKQ1
Will this fit my KitchenAid Superba KUDS01DJWH1?
Will this fit Kenmore Elite dishwasher model 665.13922K010
Will this fit for the Kenmore 665.16039402?
How big around is the stem in these feet?
will these fit a Bosch 500 series gas range ?
Will these work on a Kenmore Model 790.3667 gas range's grille?
What is the width / diameter of the stem that fits into the grate? (I see several different answers below)
Will these fit a viking designer cooktop?
will these fit the older model dcs range grates, 2002 model?
will these fit the older model dcs range grates, 2002 model?
Will these pads fit a Fridgedaire Model FPGF3081KF grate?
Do they fit kitchen aid KGCS105GSS11?
Will they fit the burner grates of a Frigidaire Stove, Model GLGF386DBJ (Galaxy Series)
Is the tower crome or black?
If you are running 2 standard sixth barrels at the same time, does it come with a splitter to run CO2 to both kegs?
Does this kegerator have a lock on it so that we can keep it locked when not using??
I'd like to set this up with the back close to a wall. Can I fit 2 corny kegs and the CO2 bottle inside the unit so it will be more flush to the wall?
can you install this under a counter
can you install this under a counter
We prefer nitro poured beers rather than CO2. Is it possible to use nitro with this dispenser?
Does this come with the drip tray and chrome rail?
Is the tower tall enough to run up through my counter if I install the kegerator under the counter?
will a standard european keg fit in this kegerator?
Can I have two different flavor kegs and have each valve give me a different flavor beer? Also can I change the tap handles?
Just bought the stainless version of this kegerator - what is the loose metal plate that came with it inside?
my edgestar kegerator is making a loud popping noise about once every couple of hours
I have a dual tap edgestar. I think my boys are tapping off it when we go to bed is there a lock i can get for the taps or is turning off the co2 the
How tall is the tower (to know space needed under the counter)?Also, is there any reason the CO2 container can't go inside on the shelf?
What is the height of the fridge itself (w/o tap) and the height of the back rail? Can the casters be removed so the fridge sits on the floor?
Does this double faucet unit have the ability to turn off one of the co2 lines--if I only wanted one keg at a time?
What is a good serving pressure (psi) and how can i tell if the flow is right?
how do i get beer for it coors light
Does the connection to the keg work with a pin lock system? My Corney keg has pin lock set up.
I want to attach these to the bottom of toy cars so they will stick to magnetic paint. What kind of adhesive would help stick these to the car? Thanks
Are these magnets adhesive backed?
Can anyone let me know how much weight you would estimate they can hold? Also, how hard is it really to pull them off the fridge? Thank you.
4 magnets on each corner of a letter size paper attached to a fridge/magnetic board. would it work?
I want to magnetize the top and bottom of a ship rather than cementing, so I can see the interior at times then close it up for exterior display can it do this without breaking the model when prying open?
Can anyone tell me the N rating on these magnets?
Do these come shipped in one tube? I'd like to gift to two people. Thanks!
is it 50pcs at $4 or just one piece at that price ?
will these stick to stainless steel refrigerator
For the 1/8 x 1/16 in.(3 x 1.5mm) can you use it to make fake earrings?
Is the griddle insert for the middle burner included with this range?
is it a self cleaning oven?
Where does this product come from?
After purchasing, how long can I delay delivery?
I just bought this. How do you clean the cast iron grates? I was told (by mom) to never use water on cast iron.
Is the broiler on the top or the bottom of the oven?
Can this be operated on propane?
Is this matte finish or shiny finish
is this product able to use propane gas and do you ship to Japan
How well does this wash eggs?
How tall is this machine? Does it have several washing modes (i.e. normal, gentle)? Also how does it drain? Thank you.
Can I wash a pair of jeans in the Eco Egg Washing Machine?
Does it have a spin cycle?
How does it do washing cloth diapers?
After washing, there is still some water in the machine. How can I get rid of it completely? I tried to select cycle to drain.
Is anyone else having trouble with the inlet hose popping off the faucet adaptor once you turn on the faucet due to the water flow?
Does this use regular or HE (High Efficiency) detergent?
if my faucet doesn't fit, can i pour water directly on to the machine?
Can you wash with hot water? By hot meaning as hot as the faucet can provide, which in my case can be hot, but not burning hot. Thanks.
What is the height with the casters on? I have exactly 34 inches of clearance where the washer is supposed to go.
Do the clothes come out linty? I can't afford to buy a dryer yet.
Does this portable washer come with casters, so it can be moved easily??
how much detergent do I use in the Danby 1.7 washer?
how much clothes can you put in this washer
I am trying to decide between this model and the Haier HLP24E (the 1.5 cubic foot one). Has anyone owned both that can give a recommendation?
Hello, We live in an apartment with the average kitchen sink. What sort of water hook-up is required? I assume the drain just vents into the sink.
how many clothes can you stick in this washer
How do you hook this washer up to a kitchen sink? What kind of adapter is there to buy as some sites say threads are not long enough on faucet.
Can the water outlet hose be installed on either side of the washer? Thanks.
Is this compatible with model number: RFG298HDRS/XAA ?
Does it fit model RF4287HA?
is this for the model RS22HDHPNSR?, broken part dimension is 16" width but description size is wrong? Samsung.com is no help.
IS this compatible with model number RFG29THDRS/XAA?
IS COMPATIBLE WITH RSG257AA/XAA
Is this compatible with samsung rfg237aars/xaa ?
Does this include the clear part of the bin as well? Does it include all that is pictured?
Is this compatible with Samsung model number RF261BEAESR
would this be comparable with model RFG29THDRS/XXA?
will this work on model GLER341CC0 Frigidaire Dryer?
Will this fit a Kenmore stack washer/dryer model 417.94702300?
AP2135128
Does it have a freezer? Will I have to manually defrost?
Is the finish a "real" stainless look, or just silver colored?
What is the height measurement?
Warranty on refurbished?
does it have an interior light
what is the lowest temp setting? i like cold beer!
what are the dimensions?
I live in a dorm and owning a fridge is contraband. Is it shipped in a plain box or clearly marked as a fridge?
what is the voltage and current?
What's the fridge temperature? Does it goes down to 40 degrees?
Is it compatible with Whirlpool Dryer Model# WED94HEAW0? Might be helpful list compatibility.
I have a whirlpool supreme gas dryer. model #- lgr7646eq2. is this the right fuse for it?
Is this compatible with admiral electric dryer # admiral model # aed4675yq
to this work wed admiral gas dryer md. agd4475t91
is this for 190 degrees
Kenmore dryer thermostat
Is this compatible with the Kenmore Elite Electric Dryer Model 11084832201?
Can you sell me the wire that goes to the thermostat with 3/8spade and 1/4" spade connectors? Thanks!
I have Whirlpool WED9500TW3 dryer. OEM part number seems to be right, but size seems different. Is this the right fuse for my dryer?
Could you please tell me if this part is made in USA? I think it is, but I want to be sure so I don't end up with "junk."
Is this refrigerator UL certified for outdoor use? We would be using it in a freestanding application, subjected to weather.
What is the wattage or amp draw for this unit?
Has anyone had this fridge for a while and if so how is it holding up?
Has anyone had this fridge for a while and if so how is it holding up?
We live in Toronto where the temperatures drop below zero. Would this unit be design for a colder climate?
is power cord and fill house included ?
Can this dishwasher sit on top of counter? Are the top and sides finished I have a bad back and this would keep me from bendin over so much.
Does this unit come with the slide brackets that attach to the cabinet?
What does semi-integrated mean?
Which dimension is high, which is wide, and which is deep?
Could this be installed directly under a kitchen sink with garbage disposal?
is this OK for outdoor use
What is this filter that the customers say must be cleaned?
Will this unit work as a direct replacement for model DSC601?
is this "Tall- 18" drawer unit?
Can the drawers be operated individually? Such as use dishes out of one and clean them in the other and reverse the process?
this saus it is semi integrated what is the difference I am replacing a model DD24DCTX7 what is the difference? Does this new one still have 2 seperate drawers.
Is the interior stainless?
can this dishwasher accept a custom cabinet panel as the listing suggests? I don't see it spelled out in the actual description.
Hi. Can you tell me please what the difference is in model DD24STI7 and DD24SI7? Thank you in advance for your time.
Hi. Does it come with everything you need to attach the panel?
- What are the dimensions of this item?
does it have auto defrost
why will my new freezer not cool?
why will my new freezer not cool?
What are the internal measurements of this fridge?
dimensions of freezer
I just got this freezer. My question is: where is the serial # ????
Is it Energy Star rated?
what temp. will it go down to if its empty and set to max?
Is this freezer frost free?
What is the energy usage?
Does this hood come with a standard 110 plug or does it need to be hardwired? Will the plug need to be in the attic?
does clock only show military time? or can you change it to 12 hour cycle?
Will the glass shelve come off? Iwould like to frame the hood in hickory. if so what are the dimension without the glass
Can this be ductless also?
What is the minimum total installed height of this hood?
could this be installed on 7' ceiling?
Can the unit be vented between joist to outside?
Does this have stainless vent to fit normal 8 - 9 ft. ceilings?
is this hood ventless
Will it remove fiber reactive dyes?
Do you have any bigger tanks? 5 Gallons?
Will it remove fluoride?
are the filters activated charcoal or activated carbon?
Is this the fuse for Kenmore 66513492k600? Thanks--it is dead today and the plugs in!!
Will this fit a Kenmore Dishwasher 66513742K603? Thanks!
will the work on kenmore dishwasher 665.15777990
will the fuse fit a kenmore 665 15895790 thanks
Kitchenaid dishwasher Model KUDS30IVSS4 -- is this fuse compatible?
What is the height dimension of this hood? Looking for some good hood less than 6 inch.
where is this product made?
Can this be rear vented
Can this range hood be installed NON-VENTED???
Can this be installed with 6" round duct?
what is the dimension of this range hood. The dimensions picture show the length is 29-3/4~35-3/4. what does that mean? my space under cabin is 30" .
Does this range hood have the option for a rear vent?
Does it hook up to any faucet?
How long is the normal wash cycle suppose to be on this dishwasher?
Does this dishwasher have heated dry?
Do you have to turn the water off at the sink as soon as the dishwasher is finished?
can this be built in?
Does this dishwasher require strong water pressure from the faucet to function properly?
Will it push water into a sink(higher from where dishwasher is kept)?Or will it need any plumbing work to fit pipe to drain?
When you facing the front of the unit, wich side is longer, left to right or front to back?
does it dry also
Do the electric cord and water pipes retract when not in use?
is it possible to take the wheels off so that i can keep the tubes always out ready for use without moving the dishwasher?
Can someone tell me the dimensions of this dishwasher for height without the rollers?
If you want can you hook this up like a built in dishwasher?
I live in the country &amp; I have a well. Will I need to add salt? If so, will this machine accept a salt additive?
How much clearance do you have from the top rack to the ceiling and the bottom rack to the top rack/sprayer? I know many of these won't work with 10".
Can you put pots and pans in it?
How Long are the hoses &amp; cord? I'm Looking to keep it in place and just run the hose to the sink when needed.
Do you have exact dimensions for this dishwasher?
is there a warranty on this item and extended warranty spt18...sd9239w
Is the top only galvanized, with plastic material elsewhere in the product? If it's a mix of galvi and plastic what parts are galv'd?
Is it 3 individual pieces that, put together, equals 10'?
is this what you would use to direct water to a drain where there is no drain and water is getting collected?
Will 4" schedule 40 PVC pipe connect to the end?
If I have to shorten a piece to fit my dimensions, how does one attach the end outlet accessory? No groove to fit into if I shorten.
How do the 3 pieces connect together to make a tight continuous run? Do they slide into a groove?
I have an existing concrete driveway I want to install it in. I need to know what size trench to saw cut width/depth.Should I overcut it and backfil
If I install it level with the driveway, is the inside pitched to carry away the water?
Can these be cut to a shorter length than 10 feet? Also can they be combined in length if I bought two sets to make an 11 ft length?
Does this 3-pack come with installation legs so that I may have concrete poured under and not just around the sides?
Can the Cavaliere UC200-1830 Under Cabinet Hood can be installed with horizontal venting from the back of the unit? No up-vent. possible in my kitchen
Do the twin halogen lights on this hood provide sufficient illumination (since they are located so close to the wall side) and do they dim?
What part do I need to convert the wires to plug into a wall outlet?
Anyone install this with round ducting in place in kitchen?
where do we get filters for non ducted instullation
can you use this non-ducted?
Is the tub stainless steel also?
What hoses/installation kit do I need to install with this and also does it come with 3 prong plug and will it be delivered to kitchen and unpacked?
Is this the standard size for installation
Im installing my new dishwasher ther is already an old copper tube in good condition I have a new braided type waiting but which is better
Im installing my new dishwasher ther is already an old copper tube in good condition I have a new braided type waiting but which is better
what is the height of this dishwasher
What is Dba rating
does this unit have a sanitize option
Is this dishwasher energy star certified? If not, how much energy does it use?
Does this machine get installed under the counter? I need to replace an under counter washer...
Is the silverware basket in the door?
I am interested in a roll-about that you connect to your kitchen sink. Is this one compatible
include water heater or must be install water heater outside?
Does it have a grinder or just a filter?
is there a dry cycle? My kenmore ultra wash just died.
Where do you measure for the width?
does it have a drop down shelve for taller glasses
is it under the counter or portable?
Hello. This dishwasher hot de water? I need to know because I haven&acute;t hot water conection to dishwasher.
This is the correct part number for my Kenmore Range, but it is listed here as a Frigidare part. Are they compatible? I have a Kenmore 79094102703
What model number range does this fit
This is the correct part number for my Kenmore Range, but it is listed here as a Frigidare part. Are they compatible? I have a Kenmore 79094102703
Will it fit model FEF352AWF
will it fit model fef366dca
will it fit range ffef3018lb?
will it fit model FEF352FUA?
Does this element include the hanger bracket or do you re-use the original one?
Is this replacement for Frigidaire part 316199900?
WILL THIS PART FIT A FRIGIDAIRE FEF364DWD
where can I buy an ice maker replacement for gz25fsrxyy whirlpool refrigerator? Ours will not make anymore ice.
what are the dimensions ?
How to remove ice maker bucket or tray when it appears to be stuck probably frozen
Which water filter replacement do you buy??
is this a full size tub?
Does this run off of 110 or 220?
Does this come with a power cord, drain hose, or hot/cold connection hoses?
What are the dimensions of this unit? The description says this 0.3 x 78.5 x 29.7 inches, but that can't be right
Is the agitator supposed to run so slow?
How close can the upper/dryer part of the machine be placed to the back wall? It looks like there is space to have an elbow and vent out the back.
will this wash and dry at the same time?
does this unit have a vent or ventless
Does the top separate from the bottom for easy transport up a tight staircase?
can you manually adjust water levels
do you have to have special pans for the induction stove top?
is this 110v or 220v ?
Does either the induction top or oven make noise when in use? How loud? Constant?
Does the exhaust vent to the floor?
- What are the dimensions of this item?
is there a warming drawer?
how many years does this machine last before it breaks or needs and replacement parts?
Suppose I want to permanently install this to take the place of a normal dishwasher. Bad or good idea?
Does this have rubber feet on the bottom? The height will just barely fit under my cabinets (I think), and I want to be able to shave 1/16" off.
What about cups or other dishes that are dishwasher safe for top rack only? Has anyone tried washing them in this machine?
Can this machine be attached to a garden hose?
How much does it weigh?
Why is washer only washer for a few seconds
Where is the koldfront dishwasher made?
How long does it take to run a load of dishes?
The faucet adapter does not fit. Anyone know how I'm supposed to know what size I should get? Nowhere in the manual does it say what size this one is.
Is it possible to install the water and waste lines directly under the sink
Are you supposed to leave the water running the entire cycle or is there a point where you turn it off? If not this might run up my water bill :/
how do you hook these portable dishwasher up and how do they drain?
How long is the DRAIN hose? My cabinets are too low to place the item right next to my sink.
Can you wash cups or other dishes that are dishwasher safe for top rack only? Has anyone tried washing them in this machine?
How long are the wash setting times?
Does it use the same amount of dish detergent as the largerdishwashers? Can you use the dish detergent pods?
Why does my dishwasher leak from underneath? Can I fix it myself or do I have to return it?
is it suitable for a family of 5?
Can I see more pictures?
Will replacement knobs fit?
Will these knobs fit my Jen air gas range.? It's 14years old.
Will knobs fit Kenmore elec range model #103 9857 810, serial #8L14568?
Do these knobs fit D-Stems? Temp reading 180 degrees(directly across) from OFF for oven? How deep is the D-slot (If these fit D-Type stems?)
Will this fit Kenmore electric range model 911 9168710 ?
Is this good to replace valve #W10408179 for an Estate TS25AFXKQ03? Thanks.
I would like to know if this would replace a whirlpool factory water valve model X74-QC1 part # 2304757
Will this work for Kitchenaid Model# KSRS22DWWOO
I would like to know if this would replace a whirlpool factory water valve model X74-QC1 part # 2315534
I have model X74 QC1 part #2188746, does this work for mine? is the the model number what I am checking for or the part #?
Will this fit Kenmore side by side model 59651673100? Thanks
Do you know if this will fit a Maytag RSW2000E refrigerator? The original part # is 69825-3 and looks similar to your picture
Will it replace whirlpool 2199838?
Wil this fit my frig frs6l9efss
Is this a genuine Aprilaire product?
My water panel has a spray paint mark on one of the edges. Does this mark indicate the top or bottom of the panel?
What are the exact dimentions of this filter ?
is it not supposed to be just plane wire mesh? what is the white crust on them that looks the same as my last year salt deposited one?
does it work for 500m series?
Is this the same as Aprilaire 35 (2 Pack) Humidifier Filters
How difficult is it to change the filter?
We have an Aprilaire 60. What size replacement water panel do we need? Will this one work?
Does anyone know the exact dimensions of this evapoator pad? I have a model 550 and hope this padc
Does anyone know the exaxct dimensions of thi
the pictures show a pedestal, is it included? if not how much?
what volt electric, this is a very important piece of information that none of the manufacturers include in product specificaytion. DAH!!!
Do you sell the natural gas version of this dryer?
How quickly will this item arrive?
Manual for DLEX3470 has "Exhaust Test" on p29 says "Flow Sensor" icon should appear. I have none. LG says not necessary. Are they right?
Can I use cast iron fry pan 11 inches for my nesco induction cooktop 1500 watts
what is the largest quart pot can you use
Is it cool to the touch with your hand when it's on? I saw something like that on tv. Is this the same type of item?
Hello Nesco users...has anyone used the other ever popular NuWave Induction seen on TV to compare with Nesco,.there's quite diff in price? thank you
Is this cooktop truly portable, as in taking it camping or on a picnic where there are no outlets to plug in appliances?
Can it work with 220 and 120 ?
Can I use non stick pan if it had the magnet on the bottom to use on this cooktop?
Does this come with a carrying case?
what is c1,c2,c3,c4,c5 in degrees and are 5 enough?duxtop has 10
I have a Duxtop that makes a VERY high pitched dog whistle type "noise" when it's on. Does this one do that as well?
what size hole do I drill?
Does the cap cover the white ring at the base? I don't want to put the oil rubbed cap on and the white ring at the bottom still show.
does it come with the body as shown in the picture?
I just need the air gap cap. Can it be easily removed from the rest of the assembly?
Does it have a lock on it?
country of origin?
is this a frostless freezer
how many kilowatts does this use daily
Automatic defrost ?
Does one need a S9 converter device in addition to the CPAP battery pack here described
Can you recharge this by plugging into a car?
Will this work with a REMstar plus with c-flex CPA
Does anyone know what the Watt Hours would be for this battery?
i took my battery pack camping and it worked great for 3 days but on the forth day it wouldnt take a charge.what could have gone wrong
Can I use this to also power my laptop computer and for how long?
Will I need a inverter/converter to use with my 50 series Medtronic bipap?
would this battery work for a devilbliss unit?
does it work with the S9?
DC Connector: What DC connector does this device come with to power CPAP machines?
Will this filter work in an Amana refrigerator? The model number is what was in my documentation.
A few reviews said the taste was not good. Your Answer?
What is the filter capacity in gallons?
Are these filters 6 or 12 month filters?
Does it fit Kitchen Aid model # KFCS22EBMS8
Does it fit Kitchen Aid model # KFCS22EBMS8
Do these filters go in the bottom grill or in the refrigerator? We have a side by side.
Do these filters go in the bottom grill or in the refrigerator? We have a side by side.
Do these filters work on thermador refrigerator?
is this price for 1 filter or 3
Will this fit my Maytag MGR5745ADA?
will this fit my Maytag model CRG9700CAW
will this fit my Magic Chef range model# cgr3742cdc
what color is it?
Does it include the Top Burner Igniter for Range?
WILL IT FIT MY MAYTAG PGR4405CHD?
will this fit Maytag PGR4410CDQ
Will this fit my Maytag cooktop model number CSG7000CAE?
does it come with ignitor
will this replace part # PS2356987? I have a stove model # JGR8855BDS
What is the installed depth of this machine? Is it really just 29.75", or do I need to allot more space to install this washer?
Is this 110 or 220 volt machine?
DOES machine use HE detergent?
Where do I find spin only cycle on LG steam 11kg washing machine?
How long is a normal wash cycle?
is there a matching dryer for this washer
can someone clarify which symbols go with which wash cycle? the manuak seriously needs a rewrite.
does this machine come with everything needed to hook up to the water source?
Does the shipping package say what is in the box? Or is it a nondescript Amazon box?
Some water has collected in the bottom of the dishwasher. How can I drain that water before carrying it downstairs?
How do I know if my faucet is compatible with the unit? I live in an apartment where I cannot replace the faucet.
can it be installed easily or do I need to call a plumber?
How long is the hose connecting this to the sink/how far from the sink can the dishwasher be?
Need quick response! If the hose doesn't reach is their a way to expand it??? TIA!
is there a gentle cycle?
is it possible to take the wheels off? if so how high is it without wheels?
I have a Millers rubberized 7.5gal. keg. Will it fit?
Is there a extension piece that I can get to raise the tape head base off the fridge? (so I can mount the tap head base on a counter top)
Can this unit be converted to dispense wine and how to convert?
can this be installed under-counter and does it cool properly if installed under-counter?
How cold does this get? I need close to 34*F
What is the actual height of the fridge unit (minus the rack and the wheel space)
Can the steel rack be taken off and the tower removed and mounted on top of an outdoor counter. I realize I will have to insulate the hole in the top
Good morning, if i buy the Keg Cooler , do i need any aditional accesory so i can use it, thank you
Would two 1/6 kegs fit in here? I know I would have to buy a dual tap.
Will the CO2 tank fit in the kegerator with a 1/2 barrel keg (15.5 gal)?
you show a cooktop, but it says its a cover. what is it for $63.00?
Is this the drop in unit and the cook top for this price?
Does it come in white?
Is this a complete operating cook top unit. An earlier question states it is only the stainless cover. If the unit is complete, what are the drop in dimensions? Thanks - Greg
Please provide me with dimensions of this cooktop cover. Thanks.
Is it quiet?
This fan mentions that is adjustable for height. Can you slide this up when not need and then back down when desired?
does this come with a cap for when the duct comes though the outside wall?
Is this company, EUREKA, related the vacuum cleaner maker?
Is the 30" range hood OK for a 30" gas range, or is it recommended that the hood be wider than the range? (i.e. a 36" hood?)
I have a 7ft 8in ceiling. Will this range hood work for that? Also, we don't want the hood the hand more than 24 inches from the ceiling.
What is db level?
What is the minimum length you can make this chimney? I need it to be no longer than 26"
Is this unit for ductless ventilation.
Is an extension available for a 10' ceiling? If so, how much?
why will it not fill with water? I checked all ie codes and can not find the problem
What year was this product manufactured?
LGWM3470HWA - Has anyone had problems with the gray &amp; red lettering wearing off front panel of washer &amp; dryer? I've had 6 panel replacements.
This add is confusing, is it really for both the washer\dryer and stands for $945.95? Do not want to assume and cause an issue ordering.
Will you also install both the washer and electric dryer?
hi what size box does this come with
Does this kit include - both the Coin slide on top and the Locking coin vault below it?
Is the product same as the picture you posted? Are these all included - "metal box enclosing coin slide &amp; locked coin vault"? Any keys?
Will this part work for a Frigidaire washer Model# FCCW3000FS ?
can it be place on a ge coin operated electri dryer model DCCB330EJWC
Is this used to replace and existing coin-operated box or can it be installed to convert a non-coin-operated washer and/or dryer? Big job doing so?
does it also contain a timer?
this have the timer inside and key
It this for the hole set up as show ?
Im from Costa Rica, I need 2 of those coin machines, But I need to know if this mechanism works with a special coin, or if only works with dollars?
Does anybody else have a problem with the chrome/stainless steel strip on the lid? Mine is all scratched up, from little use!
We have the UE error (out of warranty) constantly - who is best to fix? Someone from LG?
WATER LEAKS
Is anyone having a problem with water temperature? Our machine only gets lukewarm even on the hot setting. Sensors replaced no help.
has anyone else had problems with the glass lid on the top loader
this washer and dry comes with PEDESTAL o ready? if yes i need 2 pairs of each ones let me know ASAP please
Is the exterior really metal or is it just metallic paint on a plastic finish?
are their problems with the rubber seal on the door having a strong order
How long does it take to do a standard wash load?
Will this work in my Kenmore range model # 790.92609013 ?
Will this fit my Kenmore 790-41019800 slide in ?
Will this work for Kenmore 790 or 790.92413?
Is this the element for the two 6" rear burners on a Frigidaire bgef3032kwa
can this fit whirlpool model #8053621 240v-1200w (2) 6.5" inches
can this fit whirlpool model #8053621 240v-1200w (2)
Will this fit Frigidaire model FEFL79DSK?
Whirlpool GR465LXKS is this element around 6" in diameter? Thanks.
is this element will fit my whirlpool model RF262LXSBO
Is this dryer considered an Energy Star appliance?
How is dryer working now? I'm looking for a new gas dryer and this one is on my list. Do you have any other complaints about it?
does it buzz when it's finished?
what clothes dryers can be vented directly from the side?
does it come with a power cord?
is it loud?
Is this dryer stackable
Several failures; I wonder if they were related to not allowing any space in the back of the unit once installed. Any comments from users?
I have a height opening in my bar of exactly 33 1/2 inches. I don't want to squeeze this in. Can I take the feet off to gain more space?
Is the inside light blue led?
Are the shelves inside removable or adjustable, in case you want to store taller bottles instead of cans?
Will it fit in a 24" opening? Does swing of door require extra space?
what are the dimensions?
Is the door reversible - need left side hinges?
does this work as a built-in? I don;t want to have three inches on all sides...I need cabinets and countertop flush with this product.
how many 12 oz beer bottles can this fridge hold?
Can I download the logged data without the special software (e.g. as a text file)? I'm wondering if this can be used with linux and mac.
Is the unit battery powered or does it require USB -to-PC connection to operate?
I'm a programmer. does this device appear as a usb drive under windows 7 or 8? i'd like to access the data directly.
does this come with the software
can it be switch in Fahrenheit as well as C?
What are the logging intervals? Can it be set to log every 15 Min.?
does this unit have hi/low alarms? does it have low battery indicator?
Can I leave this permanently plugged into a USB port? If so, can I access it and read it real-time? I have a USB hub remotely mounted in a gun-safe.
Is the Product Description Accurate with regard to Capacity .... indicates 750 gallons, almost twice as much as most others ????
Is this filter NSF/ANSI 53 rated?
does this replace a thermadore water filter cartridge # 00750673
where is this filter made at ?
With my current replacement water filters, If ice is allowed to melt and get to room tempt, water smells and tastes bad. I'm looking for a better replacement filter that filters out more.
Where is this filter manufactured?
Is this compatible for Kenmore #9010, WF-NLC250? If not, what do you have that is? Thank you!
Does the finish match LG's stainless appliances?
We have a "rear vented" hood right now. Can this be used for rear venting or is this only "top vented" ?
Does the finish match Samsung's stainless appliances?
Could you tell me have you had any issues with this range hood? I have seen in older reviews, the lights quit working because of something wrong with the wiring...also the buttons have had issue in one or two reviews. Thank-you
What is the decibel level of the vent? The Cavaliere-Euro AP238-PS29-30 model claims 43dB to 68dB.
it says the lights are dimmable but one review said they were not. Do they dim?
Does the finish match or look close to the Frigidaire Gallery Stainless Appliances?
Has anyone purchased and installed this as recirculating, and if so, how well has it functioned? Do you have to buy separate filters for it?
Is the duct round? square? what the parameters?
does this come with a duct cover
This unit has a smoke sensor. How sensitive is it? How long does it take to activate the hood? Can it sense steam if you boil water?
is it easy to install
Is this available in a back vent instead of top vent exhaust?
can I reduce the 8' VENT OUTLET To 5" existing duct
I live in Atlanta. Who do you recommend to install? We need it to vent out and will have to punch through brick exterior walls.
How is this different from UL10-U30 model? All I want is a hood with real 900 CFM (or at least close to it). thanks.
Can someone let me know how far the vent is located from the back? Thanks.
What is the warranty for this product?
What is the recommended distance from cooktop to the unit itself
What is the recommended distance from cooktop to the unit itself
Does this filter out chlorine and chloramine?
What size water line does this filter accommodate? Thank you.
How long does this filter last? 3 years, 5 years? Can't find the info here. Thanks.
At what minimal height do we actually need to install this filter, to allow for clearance to change the cartridge?? We'd like it under the sink.
I have a kitchenaid refrigerator, and normally use Maytag UKF8001 Pur. Is this compatible with my fridge?
Maytag DW with regular height tub?
How does the water drain?
Is there a stainless steel version?
Is this machine very loud?
On the 1 star reviews everyone complains about this machine not using enough water however I thought you could manually adjust water levels?
can I wash a twin bedspread quilted
reviews on high efficiency washers vs regular washers
how many voltage
There is water in the bottom after spin.Thought it was my 6ft high drain tube that was backwashing.Reconfigured it to go 3ft up. Still happening.
Does this machine require alot of repair?
Washer water level does not cover a large comforter that is set to "super" water level. Can I add water on my own?
How do you get a short wash cycle? It seems the speed cycle takes 50 minutes for a few towels.
What brand is this reviewing?
How come i set my load up, push start, and it will not start?
dimentions?
Will this work for those really hard-to-dry pesky water bottles and lids? If so, it would be worth it's weight in gold...
How easy is it to clean?
Whats the Diameter the fingers at its widest point?
What is the color of the rack? It doesn' mention the color.
Are the fingers removable? If so, does that leave a hole where water could drip through to the counter below?
Do dishes or other items ever fall off/out because it has no sides?
Can you tell me how much space is in between the pegs? Thank you
How many pegs does it have and are they coated with a non-slip substance such as silicone or rubber? Thank you
I was thinking about using this as an in-sink dish rack. Is the material something I could drill holes into for drainage?
How quiet is this machine? The machine will be in the main living floor space so it needs to be relatively quiet. Thanks!
Can I wash a queen size comforter in this model? This is a deal breaker for me.
What are the dimensions? Width is important.
If you don't use the extra rinse does the machine stop after it is finished right before the extra rinse on the dial?
Hot water wash is great, but does it also offer a cold water wash?
Is this an electric or gas washer?
Does the washer fill for the extra rinse or just spritz some water?
Does the Speed Queen 432 have a buzzer to indicate that the wash cycle is done?
Need QUICK ANSWER Plz Model AWN432,Does tub spin out in between Pre-Wash and Heavy (In Regular Wash) If so, isn't that the same as just using SOAK?
How does it handle lint removal? My curren washer Whirlpool Cabrio fails completely and leaves a lg quantity of white streaks on black items. Just aw
Can you stack this with the matching dryer? It seems like I would need a step ladder to work the dryer.... hmm.
How do you reach the top controls when stacking the machines? Thanks, Pat
can you use homemade liquid laundry soap in these washers?
Does anyone have the "load unbalanced" problem when you put heavy towels, etc. in with load? Seems to be a problem with some machines. Thanks.
What washer pan can fit this washing machine?
I want to know how long it actually takes to wash a typical load of laundry. 40 mins? 60 mins?
Is the head of this canister predrilled for the bracket?
what is maximum pressure rating
How many types of filters I can use in this unit? or brands?
what size are the inlets?
What size of lag bolts am I supposed to use to mount this to the bracket? The holes in the top of the filter unit are not threaded.
can this filter be used for domestic hot water? What is the high temperature limit
Can it be mounted outside for a Florida home (Stays above freezing) on a well? Our piping is run under the foundation so no place to install inside.
can it be mounted with the cart. hanging out to the side or hoz.?
Will it remove sulfur from our well water?
What size screws do you use to mount the bracket to the filter head?
Does this come with a remote control?
I bought this unit a few months back and one led light burnt out. How can i get a replacement light?
can I get this unit in 220/50 circle
The part PX12; AirkingPwC8R,Airking SP2430 S 30'.Actve Air ACC8 include the Box?OR I need order separate?
What minimum clearance is required between the bottom of cupboard and top of cooking surface for a gas stove?
What is the manufacture warranty on both motor and parts?
What is the clearance distance between bottom of cupboard and top of cooking surface for an electric range stove?
can it be vented through the wall instead vertically thru roof
Is the filter removable and dishwasher safe?
what is the differnce between px10 and px12 model
What is the difference in the XremeAir PX 02 W30 and the PX03
Will this unit extend to fit a 9 foot ceiling?
What is the recommended distance from the cook top (electric range) to the range hood?
I see that this unit has 2 2watt LED lights. Does this give enough light?
May I mount this unit over an island or is it just for the wall?
my opening appears to be 29.9 inches do you think this will fit
Does the unit extend all the way to the bottom of an 8ft ceiling?
Can I purchase the extension for a 10 ft. ceiling from this site? Unable to find.
what is the installation distance from top of the range to the botton of the hood range? 32" seems high to me please confirm. What happen if I use les
What size venting is required?
what are the real measurements? "product information" says 15 x 30 x 26 inches
Is the wall side of rise/chimney having stainless steel outer wall as well or is it just open and wall use and part to close rise/chimney
What is the overall length of the unit to the ceiling
Can this unit be vented directly through an outside wall like the one it will be replacing?
Can the height be adjusted to 24"?
Can the duct vent on top be opened up to 8" or 10" as the 6" vent is too small for 900CFM, which means too much noise as air moves through 6" hole?
What is the depth of this hood
Is this made out of alumium metal?
Is there just one or do they come in a pair?
how wide is it ?
Are they white as pictured or a silver metal finish?
does it conduct heat - will it accelerate counter peeling next to the stove?
how many come with this order? 2 in the package ? let me know soon you can please.thanks
What type of warranty does this come with
ice
Is it counter depth?
Do you have to pull this refrigerator out away from the wall to turn off the water when you change the water filter? 1 Samsung requires this.
Can anyone say if this LFX28968ST fridge is rated to operate at 50Hz or 60Hz frequency? It should be written on a tag on the fridge somewhere.
LG french door stainless steel refrigerator door alarm keeps going off. Doors are secure with nothing blocking.
Does it make crushed ice also?
cost for a new water filter ?
Im looking at purchasing this fridge, I wanted to know how do we coordinate delivery?
Is this made in USA? I can't find any manufacturing info on it anywhere. Thanks!
How often should they be replaced
How many do you get for $9.53?
Is this a genuine Broan part or a third-party "knock-off?"
One reviewer said that the charcoal left a loose powder residue. Is this true? Does the charcoal leak?
Is this filter charcoal or metal? The description is confusing, as it lists charcoal in the title, then metal in the description.
The product dimensions (1 x 0.3 x 0.9 inches) listed in the technical details don't seem to match the picture. What is the actual size of the filter?
I would like to know the measurement of this item
reduction in lead
I bought this product because it was cheaper than the Samsung filter. It does fit , but the problem is that my water has a strong chlorine taste to it
Are these filters NSF rated/ approved?
Could I buy two and link them using one as a pre heater to get even hotter water ??
What does vent free mean?? I want to replace a gas hot water heater in my RV trailer which is located inside a cabinet but has an outside vent.
I just installed heater works but starting water temp is only 46 deg. (Cold) And I can't seem to get water heater to 100 Degrees. Any suggestions?
What fits the connections? Nothing I've found fits the water or the gas connection.
can I use this unit for a small apt.
How much water pressure does it take to ignite the flame? Between___and____!
Has anyone had a problem with the water going cold and having to shut off the water and restart? I had an older Excel and it had that issue.
I wish to know if this or any variant of the 1.6gpm Excel Water Heater works with LPG Campingaz (Butane) ? Your kind help appreciated, Nick Wells
i hook up my tankless water heater it go on for 1min then shuts off. and no hot water. can you help
Do you use a 1/2" flare connection to connect the propane or a female pipe thread or npt? Or other?
What is the difference between this and model 10140917? Thank you
will this work on Whirlpool washer model #WTW5100VQ2
Will this replace W10144820 Rev. B on a Maytag Centennial?
is this th e same as revision B
will this work for whirlpool washer model wtw5200vq2?
i can't see what rev this is. will it work with rev d?
i have a maytag mvwx500xlo will this work
will this work in place of the W10140917 Rev E. The photo looks the same but there is a 40$ difference
Is this the same as 2972411400
i have part # 297366104. Will this board work?
is this a replacement part for AP5318915?
will this fit Frigidaire Freezer FFU14F5HW?
The Hi-Temp light is on and the alarm frequently starts beeping. The temp is well below zero. Will replacing this fix the problem?
Is there any way to test the existing control board (perhaps with a multimeter) to confirm that it is bad before replacing it with a new one?
My part # is 297366100 is this the right replacement part
Is this the same as p/n 297241800?
Do you have an electronic control panel for Model #LFFH21F7HWE Frigidaire Upright Freezer?
Why would I need to replace this, other than my chamber getting broken somehow?
Will this fit the Phillips Respironics BiPap Auto SV Advanced System One machine?
Product Description: Does not include the silicone gasket that seals the spill proof lid. dose that mean the gray or Clear cover on top of the chamber
does this fit a model 60 with dark top?
Does this chamber have fit with system one 60 Series black cover?
Does it fit the REMstar Plus System One
What's the difference in the black and the clear top? And does it really not come with the gasket? It is shown in the picture.
Does this water chamber fit on a respironics system one phillips DS450HS?
I'd like to know more about the interior lights. Just one, or many? Are they deep inside, or in the door? I'm looking for lots of lights. Thx!
does it get cold enough
does the door require space to oen or does it function within the 15 inch space?
What is the set height between shelves? I'd like to use it for 12oz bottles, not cans.
Is it quiet
Does this beverage cooler have an auto defrost or frost free feature?
Is there a lock on the door?
Could this be used to just store wines? If so, how many bottles?
Do feet adjust to make the unit any taller than 32&rdquo; spec? My under counter space is 34&rdquo; -- want to minimize the gap between counter and top of unit.
does this come in a stainless steel door model?
does this come with pedestal ?
Do you have the dryer matching? bouth in same grey color???
OK, thanks. I need the electric dryer, how can i buy the washer and dryer in same grey color??
Where is this washing machine made?
I couldn't find the answer, I am looking to purchase the washer and electric dryer, is the pedestal included in each
What shape are the ice cubes dispensed? In the picture above, they appear to be like cubes rather than the half moon shapes normally produced.
Is there an Owner's Manual for this Model? I can't find mine! How do I clean the filter...the red filter light is on. HELP!
I am thinking about buying this but I have heard awful stories about Samsung customer service. Is it very difficult to get repairs done?
how many cans of soda can i fit in the door shelves?
What is the correct water filter replacement for this model?
What shape are the ice cubes dispensed? In the picture above, they appear to be like cubes rather than the half moon shapes normally produced.
What does free shipping include? I want it delivered inside my house which is a one story ranch
Is the water that is dispensed ice cold or just "tap water" cold?
how does this agitate? I don't hear it agitating the clothes?
Everything I have witnessed from this washer is that the clothes smell really great like they are clean but does not clean! Can someone tell me y????
why does nf light come on always ?
what does the warranty cover?
how do you replace the pump
In the ConsumerReports 2014 Buying Guide it shows the "Samsung WA422PRHDWR" as the #2 Top Loader (pg 143). How can it be so good there and bad here?
is there a recall
Is each filter individually packaged with the LG box?
Is this the same as the ADQ36006101?
I have LG model # LFC20770ST. What water filter do I need
I Have LG LFZ 25975 Will these fit?
what models of LG is this compatible with
Are these filters made in China?
specifications, HWD?
Is this a quiet fridge?
I'm curious if this company ships to alaska?
How well does the autofill work? Does it work with most glasses? Does it work with stock pots?
What water filter does refrigerator use?
Is this refrigerator quiet enough for a small open floor plan?
Does this model have an odor filter?
I don't see any info on cost of shipping. Does HCcost have free shipping?
what is the depth of the fridge?
How do I turn off the light
Is the ice made in cubes?
how much ice will it hold in the resevoir.
How much water is needed to fill the reservoir? How much ice will this make?
it is 120 v or 240 v ?
What is the AI-215's current consumption at 120V? Just look at the product label on the back of the unit, it will be listed in WATTS or AMPS.
how does the self cleaning work and does it actually do a good cleaning job?
My machine is leaking onto the countertop. I would like to replace it. Suggestions?
does this ice maker also keep the ice frozen?
does this ice maker also keep the ice frozen?
will this keep the ice cold all day long or do you have to watch and empty?
What are the dimensions of this item?
will this fit a kenmore 66517579200 silverware basket part 8562080 Also is it all three baskets the two side ones and the middle one
Will this fit kenmore elite Model 66517052402?
I have a Kenmore that says Stock #16033 and Type #575-0. Will this fit?
How long are the holes where the individual utensils go through? My utensils are large/1" long at the bottom. Thanks!
will this fit kenmore ultra wash 65515801891?
Will this fit 665.13123K701 Kenmore Elite
Do the 'lids' lift up and out of the way or are they fixed in place? Thanks.
will this fit kenmore model 13863k602
whats the watts used for the dryer...?
I'd like info on the warranties for these items. thanks
is washer hose included in this package?
will it fit RS261MDBP Model?
Will it fit Samsung model RS265TD?
Based on other comments, is it accurate that the filter is smaller and does not fit as snugly as the original? Did you experience any leaking potentai
When I look at the box side panel my model number is not listed. My Samsung Model is; RF4287HARS. Will this work on my fridge?
Where are the models listed that this filter fits as I have a Samsun RF4287HARS 4 door?
The front of the filter says it will fit Samsung DA29-00020A, will it also fit Samsung DA29-00020B?
Is replacement needed if I already have softened water? My water softener is highly effective. I see no minerals at all and the water tastes great.
what type of Samsung refrigerators does this fit
Is this a replacement for Samsung part# DA29-00020B? Thanks, Ann
Does this filter replace the Samsung Filter Part Number DA-29-00020A/B?
Does this filter work with samsung rf28hfedbsr/AA
Will this replace a Samsung model DA29-00020A/B filter?
Does it work with Samsung RF4287HARS/XAA?
Is there a trick to installing this? Water is not coming out through the filter after installation.
fit samsung rs265tdrs
Will it fit a Samsung RS261?
Will this work with the RF4267/HARS/XAA?
does it work with an RF24FSEDBSR
Will the filter work on a samsung fridge. Model RF4289HARS?
Does it work for RS265td? It says my water filter model number is HAF-CIN
does this come in a pack of 2 filters?
Model QS2 36". Will it fit I measure 12 x17
is this with the charcoal filter?
how many filters in package
Does this come with 2 filters?
Are those outer dimensions?
Do these fit a Broan Rangemaster model # 643604?
Does it come in package of 1 or 2 units? the picture shows 2 but I just want to validate my understanding.
is this for two filters
Is the model # of this item PureSourcePlus WFCB / RC200?
Are these for Puresource NGRG-2000 (using the RG100)?
do these work as replacements for a puresource 3 filter for a Frigidaire?
will this fit Frigidaire model fRS26ZSH ?
Do these come with the o-rings?
Are these Frigidaire filters or generic brand
Is this for 3 filters as there are 3 boxes in product description. Also is this an OEM filter?
Is this for three OEM filters, or for three off brand replacements?
Is there an expiration date on these?
Is this original OEM filters from Fridgidaire?
How does the filtration of this compare to others as far as what and how much is filtered out? We were using Pur and Culligan filters most recently.
1) Heard about bad smell in filtered water; also, (2) about difficulty in installing the replacement filter; (3) is changing every 6 months necessary
Is there installation along with shipping? or it just ships to you and everything else is done on your own?
we just purchased this washer and dryer set, and just unpacked the dryer today. but no power cable and no duck hose? is this right?there should be at least the power calble, right?
what are the dimensions of the machines including the pedestals
Does the screen easily remove for cleaning? If no, then does lint on the front of the screen cause air and lint to blow by the frontpiece?
Does this unit have to be used with a booster fan
Is there a way for this to blow HOT air into are house during winter months for are electric dryer? I was thinking about energy efficiency.
I plan to mount this unit outside on the brick wall. OK?
What size is the duct? Is it 4"?
Does it require water?
Has anyone replaced the little screen? Where did you obtain?
does this go inline of vent? does the heat and moisture come into the home?
Can this be used with a gas dryer?
Could this be used in the garage? Dryer vents into garage and cannot find anything to truly catch lint. Garage ends up being a mess.
Is it made in USA
Is this a genuine Pilot Rock fire pit? Or a knock off?
height?
What is the inside diameter of fire ring?
what is the inside diameter of the ring?
What is the height?
is the cooking grate removable?
Can the cooking grate be removed from the ring?
do you need 2 hands to use the water
Does "shipping" include installation and haul away of the old refrigerator, or at lease haul away of the old refrigerator?
Do doors pop open when other door is closed? Saw floor model &amp; when I closed left door, right popped open &amp; vice versa.
I'd like to know from those who rated this fridge over a year ago how it is holding up. Would you buy this again?
Can this refrigerator be ordered in Bisque?
Does the refrigerator come with a waterline or do you have to buy that extra?
How often do you have to replace the water filter? What model filter is it? Can you operate it without the filter?
Is this Energy Star qualified?
Did this refrigerator come with the gray plastic kick plate that attaches to the front bottom of the refrigerator? Mine did not.
This item has a smaller ice maker. Does it make ice quickly? Is the ice always empty after use?
Does it come with a guitar?
was it really noisy when you first got it?
What is the warranty on the Marshall Fridge?
does this actually work as an amp ?
Does it come with beer? If so, what kind?
dimensions?
Does the fridge buzz at all? How quiet is it?
Is it 110V? and tell me What is watt?
What country is the fridge made in?
Anyone know if this can be shipped to Australia??
Does it have all of the parts needed to replace the entire ice maker? Was anything else needed?
Will this work with a Kenmore Refrigerator #106.50522100 ?
Will this work with Kenmore mod. no. 253.74929700
Will it work with a Kenmore refrigerator with freezer on the bottom model # 596.73212200?
will this work with kenmore #106.74259400
will this fit in a 363.9712881 model kenmore refrigerater ?
is this made by kenmore
does this work in kenmore model 106.56544400, serial SS3233581. If not do you have one?have
Will it work with Kenmore 106.57079601 model?
Can you give overall length in inches. Thanks
Is this product compatible with Kenmore Elite Refrigerator 79572063112 ?
What does ASSEMBLY mean?
Will this part # ADQ73214402 fit the same as Part: ADQ73214404 required for my LG LRFD21855ST ?
How do you know these are New filters? How are they packaged?
is this air filter compatible with Kenmore elite 46-9918
Is the shipping $6.95 applied to every filter if I order mutliple filters (like 3 air filters?) *** **Took me 2 days but found the answer in small print. Even if I order 4 filters the shipping charge is applied to each filter. Appliance Zone has this...
Does it work on lgLFX31925
What type of water hook up do you need for this model
How is this dyer vented.? Do you need to vent in out a window or a receptacle that leads to the outside of the building?
what is the product dimensions
Did GE get the issue fix that leaves black marks on clothes?
does the unit come with a power cord or do I need to purchase one separately?
My rinse cycle does not fill it just puts a little amount of water then spins it out, then does this two more times
Are there two cords or one? What type of cord/cords?
What type of electrical hookup do you need and does it require 220 or 110 or both.
Are the filters mesh or baffle?
i cant find CFM rating at different speeds. mechanical inspection requires a return air source when this hood is running above 400 cfm
Is chimney on edge of back side? From the picture, it looks like the chimney is not at the center. A side look picture would be very helpful.
How loud is this fan, I dont see the Scones listed?
I have 10 foot ceilings but would like the fan to hang at normal height, is there an extension available to make the top of the chimney longer?
Is there a wall mounted version of this hood?
Is the power hard-wired? Where does the power cord run?
Can the chimney be cut to fit a lower ceiling? We have a soffit over our stove that is 88" high and would like to cut off about 6" from the piece.
Does this hood mount on four corners around the motor? does it have a short 6" duct attached to the motor with a damper built in?
What is the minimum height of the hood? With an 8' ceiling, my husband and I are both on the taller side -- concerned it will be too low.
I have a Amana Smoothtop. Acc4370AB I need the 8 inch burner. My part number says W10163027. I was told that this part may be the same?
Will this work on my whirlpool rf214lxtb1. Left front and right rear surface elements?
Can this one replace GE WB30X5154?
How many watts does this model have? 1500w or 2000w?
Blue wire burnt into what do I do?
I have GE Range Model #JBP62DM2WW and I am looking for Smooth top element front right. Will this 8" fit my model?
Does this work w/ Model Number J BS55D M2WW lights still come on but front right burner stopped working on us issue facing with cooking stove Thanks
Does this work w/ Model Number J BS55D M2WW lights still come on but front right burner stopped working on us issue facing with cooking stove Thanks
I have GE Range Model #JBS55DM2WW and I am looking for Smooth top element front right. Will this 8" fit my model?
what's the exact outside diameter? exact 8", or 8"1/4? from the sized photos from another website, it appears bigger than 8". pls confirm
Does this work w/ Model Number J BS55D M2WW lights still come on but front right burner stopped working on us issue facing with cooking stove Thanks
Is this 2400W large burner?
2500 W or 1800W?
What's the diameter of this element?
would this fit a Whirlpool WRS325FDAB 25.4 Cu. Ft. Side-By-Side Refrigerator?
I have model GD25DFXFW02 Will it fit?
The actual dimensions of this bin. Is it approx. 13.5 inches x 6 inches x 3.5 inches ? Same approx. size as the dairy bin ?
Is this the same door bin for a Kenmore Elite fridge Model # 59673503200?
Looking for a door bin for my 25 cu ft Whirlpool Gold french door refrigerator (model discontinued). Does anyone know if this is the proper size?
What kind of plastic is it made of ?
Hi. Which way does the motor turn? clock or counter-clockwise? Thanks in advance! (model #833697).
Is any hardware included?
Is this an authentic Whirlpool motor or Chinese knock off?
What is the dimension, because the description looks totally wrong.
why does this show a blade if it does not come with the motor?
so this one turns the blades in the wrong direction? it turn counter clockwise. which makes it blow toward the water tray and away from the compressor
Does this include the blades?
The description of this motor states it is .5" x 1" x 1.37". Is that right? It wouldn't be much bigger then a bottle cap.
Does this unit automatically disable CO2 when the exhaust fan is on? If not, can it be programmed to provide this function?
Can this unit display the actual real time temperature and humidity in the space?
Does this unit have a CO2 ppm detector?
will this allow you to set a low temp. setting to turn fans off and a hight temp setting to turn fans on?
What if you need to incorporate a heater? It seems the temperature control is for only turning a cooling device on, am I missing something?
If this item does not have a CO2 detector, can you set the time for CO2 production and the CO2 production cycle?
Any information available on how to set up Evolve LTM-5 as a remote switch? (to control remotely another z-wave switch that operates a light)?
does this switch need to be wired by that I mean hard wired into the wall ?
I have 6 - 3 way dimmer switches that I want to make Z-Wave. I have the Z-Wave controller. What is the cheapest and easiest way to do that?
Do I need this switch if a circuit is already wired 3-way or in that case would I just use two Evolve LSM-15s?
CAN THIS SWITCH ACT AS A SIGNAL REPEATER?
Does this come with different color faceplates?
Can R410a be used and or mixed with R-22
which freon is used in a nordyne heat pump
Thermo king on Fusbo is empty for back unit refrigeration will this work
What size of fitting does this tank take? like thread size. I need to be able to siphon into my small tanks for gas blowback airsoft in cold weather
is this just a dry/empty cylinder or is it full of refrigerant?
I'm live in Texas do I need a EPA certificate ?
WHat is the gross (TOTAL) weight of a FULL bottle of R410a, without packaging of course.
Does the canister have to be stored in any special conditions (cool\dry)?
I have a 9000 BTU Frigidaire mini split with heat pump that need recharge. Any one has any idea how much refrigerant I need using manifold? Thanks
Replacement for r22?
do the pedestals are necessary?
DO you have the link to buy the device that goes between them?
are they sackable?
what are the dimensions of this rack?
will this fit ge model gld5500lcc
Will this rack (WD28X10335) fit my GE dishwasher model GSD4620Z04BB? My rack has 6 rows of upright posts not 4 as the one shown.
Some reviewers have said this rack is "flimsy". I don't want to take a chance and order if it's not as sturdy as original. Comments?
Will this rack fit my GSD3460GOOSS dishwasher?
Will tihis rack fit my GSD4260JOOSS dishwasher?
Will it fit GE Model 3960LOOSS?
Will this rack fit GE GSD5650D01CC model?
will this fit GLD5900N00BB?
Will this fit GR Model # GSD2350R00CS? Thank you
what is the warranty on this product?
Does it make nuggett ice that you can chew?
I bought the ice maker for my back patio. But, on page 1 of the inst. book, it says, do not use outside. Has anyone tried it? I leave in Florida. thx
What is the wattage and/or amperage of this ice maker? I am planning to put it in my RV and I wanted to know how long my marine battery will last.
can you fill it with chilled refigerate water to make the ice quicker
What is the storage capacity for ice?
How much water does it's reservoir hold?
50 lbs. of "ice storage" . . . does that mean that it will actually "store" ice for an extended period of time (several days, weeks)?
How do you use the timer? I have read the instructions several times but have yet to figure out out to adjust it...
Should the LED display stay lit when it is powered on? It is hard to tell when it is actually on....
our Dacor hood is about 10 years old, would this be the same bulb as shown? Also, do you have the suction cups to screw it out?
Hi! Could some of you tell me if the base of this lightbulb is "intermediate"? The details say Base Type E27, which does not help. Thanks!!!
Is this the same thing as a "PAR 16" light, or similar "standard" size? Anyone know another way to buy the replacement (other than Dacor)?
How do i change the bulbs?
Does it work for an IHL36 model
Will this kit work for Samsung front load washer WF210ANW/XAA?
will tis fit my mhwe400ww01, is it a direct fit, are the bearings strong enough to handle the 1100 rpm spin ?
Will this work for Maytag Neptune MLE2000AYW ?
What are the brands for your bearing and seal?
I have model MHWE450WW02 will this part work on my washer?
Hi I need bearings and seal kit for a whirlpool WFW9750WW01 Can you give me parts number to order them
Can you easily remove the dryer once mounted?
how is this mounted--is there several screws that I have to put in my wall?
how do i know if it's wattage is to high? I don't want to blow a fuse.
Stated dimensions in the description are 22x19x41 inches. I need to know which measurement is the width across and which is its depth when in use?
question about the moisture, does it release any while in use? how is it for RVs?
Does this machine require a window to be opened for a vent?
Which measurement is the width &amp; which is the depth from wall during use? How long is the cord? Can it be taken down completely when not used?
Does anyone use this for drying coats after walking home in the rain?
can it be used to just warm clothing or towels?
The door I would like to mount this to is only 23 1/2 inches wide; including the brackets, will I have enough room?
Can this hood be connected for rear exhaust or only vertical?
is this come with wanrranty or i have to buy the warranty service?
What is the exact size of this product? there are two sizes from Product Information section 33 x 26 x 16 inches, and Product Description 30"W x 22"D?
Does this collect the grease anywhere? How do you clean it?
I need help. How can the range hood turn on randomly without me touching the controls, the machine stays on, I can't turn off the range hood?
Do I have to install a blower for this product?
will my 5"duct size work with the 8"duct size for this model without making another hole in the wall?
the range hood is defected. What to do???
The manual doesn't mention the bolts-n-nuts that came with the package. What's the extra nuts and bolts for? I thought just need the screws to secure?
does this unit have a wall hanger to hold it in place while you secure the mounting screws/bolts? it looks heavy! or do i need some 2x4 and a jack?
I locate another brand but is exactly like this, except for the wireless control, It's sell by Cosmo Kitchen Appliances in CA is it the sameone?
Is the weight a problem I read that it is near 70 pounds
What are the dimensions of the rear vents? What is the warranty
So it is SHINY? Or Brushed Finish?
Does it require make up air per building code
is it polished stainless steel, giving a chrome like finish?
Is the exhaust located in the center of the unit ie center of the exhaust at 18"?
Where is the power located? Is it in the cabinet above or does it get plugged into an outlet below?
What is the height of the unit in dimensions?
can the unit be vented horizontally
Will this fit a whirlpool Model #ED5GTGXN010
Will this fit a whirlpool fridge model ED5VHEXVQ04?
will it work with amana side by side?
Will it fit my model number ED5GHGXMQ00
does this fit for whirlpool model ED5KVEXV007 refrigerator?
Will this fit a whirlpool side by side model WRS586FLDB00
will this fit my whirlpool fridge #ed5gndxwd00?
Will this match the same door pin as ED5VHGXML13?
Why does the product name include "Deep"? Are there different dimensions for the same part 2187172?
Will this work in the door of a Kenmore #10641563801. Also, we are looking for more replacement parts, what is the best way to know what fits?
is there an extended warranty avalible for this item?
Where do you put the water in?
What are the cubes like from this machine? Small big?
Does this dryer have to be vented outside
I'm living in a vintage apartment building where there is no washer and dryer connection. Can I use this dryer by just pluging it in teh wall outlet?
How much energy does it use? estimated per year? Per hour even would be great?
How does one separate the first and second filters to remove the lint (not the felt circle but the first two)?
how much stuff will fit in the dryer - can you dry towels? sheets? etc.
Is it delivered in a unmark box
Who makes the Sonya dryer? I can't find their contact info anywhere.
Does it need to be vented?
Is power cord included?
How long is the power cord?
Product description states "9x5x7" which is what I need, but then the Technical description states "7x9.5x12.5". Anyone know the truth?
Does anyone know the size of these cutouts which hold individual spoon? I would like to confirm they can indeed fit the spoons I have...
Does the handle in the picture come with the basket?
Does anyone know the size of these cutouts which hold individual spoon? I would like to confirm they can indeed fit the spoons I have...
Is the color of this as shown? My dishwasher tray is actually a light grey, this appears to be black/dark grey.
do they have to be positioned in a particular part of the dishwasher rack
Does this snap on the rack itself or just set in the dishwasher?
where is it made?
Does the basket have compartments under the "flaps"?
Can I wash straws in these, or are the openings too big? My current dishwasher basket the straws fall through the holes on the sides/bottoms.
What is the inside diameter (or outside diameter if already installed) of the hose?
What is the inside diameter of this hose?
is this one or two hoses?
are the knobs stainless steel or plastic?
How heavy are the grates?
This is listed in "downdraft gas cooktops", is that incorrect?
how high do the grates sit above the countertop? we need to determine the clearance if we add an over the stove microwave.
Frigidaire's website shows the depth as 21 3/4, this description shows 21". What is the exact depth?
On the propane conversion Does conversion come with the purchase of the cooktop or is it ordered separately (product no.) Instructions furnished ?
what are the inside dimensions for the cut out?
does this come with a propane conversion kit? also, how much does it weigh?
Do any of you vent your dryer?
Do you need to vent this to the outside? Thank you.
Dose it come with a Indoor Dryer Vent ? and Is it easy to clean the filter net?
do I really need a venting hose?
Does it plug into a regular outlet??
Can I use this dryer in a room with no windows? Will I have to buy a vent kit? Many thanks
will this work for an Rv? My wife and I live in a 5th wheel trailer with laundry hookup's I am thinking of buying this dryer will it work for my needs
What is the size of the vent?
what is the size in inches or centimeters,can I hang the dryer on the wall, my old one hangs
Where is it manufactured?
What are the interior dimentions?
Is this durable enough to be put out on a covered deck? My deck doesn't get direct sun and is pretty protected from the elements.
the dimension front? how many depth?
is it a chest freezer or does it have a door???
Has anyone bought this to work with a GWF compatible fridge?
Everyone seems to be fully focused on the amount of saving! I am yet to see a comparison of the quality of water from the original MWF GE vs. this one
Does your filter -filter out the same things the GE filter does? if not, what are the differences?
Where is this filter made?
What are the NSF Certification numbers for this filter, and where is it made?
hi, how can i tell if this will fit my fridge? I have a GE profile fridge
what country was this manufactured in?
Has anyone determined if the "Water Filter" lamp on their GE Frig operates properly with these third party filters? Has GE patent expired?
Are these NSF 42 and 53 like the original GE MWF? Thanks.
It says the filter will not be compatible for GE Refrigerators manufactured after Jan 2014? Is this correct?
How deep is the lip on the rack?
what brand and model # of oven does this fit? maybe several, i would like to hear from all of you whose ovens it does fit well. thx
I have GE profile oven. Will this rack fit
Are you able to provide dimensions for this so that I can check it against my oven?
I have a magic chef model cer3520aal part #8114894-60, will this work as a replacement?
Do you have an oven rack that will fit a samsung oven?
how long is his rack, i need 17 inches long?
Is this the right replacement rack for a Hotpoint Oven Model No. R B790S H1SA?
Which oven rack will fit an old (good) Hot Point oven Model # RB747P?
Please let me know the dimensions of this oven rack. Thank you.
I want to roll it in front of my sink, hook it up to the faucet, plug it in, and run it. Does the portability kit have a long enough hose?
IS THAT GAS?
Is this item on wheels or casters or is a kit available?
How does it hook up AND Drain?
does it remove lint and hair from clothing?
does it have delay start?
Can we schedule the dry and wash cycle together? so we can start the wash and dryer together. Now I need to restart the dryer manually after wash
This says it has built in water heater. Does that mean I don't need to use hot water? Do I have to hook hot water to it?
I have tight space requirement. How many inches of clearance is required behind for hook-ups?
Is this product hard wired or can it be plugged it?
Are the bulbs and filter included or must I purchase these separately? Also, does it truly fit in a 30-in space?
How would you describe the stainless? Matte or shiny?
From the picture, the controls appear to be underneath. Is that the case?
What are the exact dimensions of this product? I have exactly 31 inches of open space on my kitchen, so there's little margin for error. Thanks.
How many bulbs need to be purchased for this range hood?
looking from the front does the electric rough in on the left or right?
Unit depth measurement?
Does this have a vent to the outdoors?
Is the hood compatible with a wall duct above the stove? Is the finish shiny or dull? If shiny is the color light or medium silver colored?
Does this hold all brands of kegs or just heineken? Thanks
Hi it says it comes with two mugs, is that correct?
how long will the 5l keg last if only 2 people are using it??
Does this come with ALL the needed accessories to make sure the mini-keg hooks up to the machine?
can you use anykind of beer in this and do you need to buy anything else to make it work? do you just get the bee r filled in the little keg like you would fill a growler?
Is it a normal size one? like one that you would use in a kitchen?
Is this a noisy refrigerator?
energy star?
Is the frig door bin large enough to accomodate milk gallons?
is this frig frost free?
What is the actual height of the refrigerator? I can see this in the spec but some customers claim it is wrong. It is important to me
What is the exactly height from the bottom nut to the top hinge?
Will you deliver it to my kitchen and take my old fridge?
I've read that the dimensions online (which vary from site to site) tend to be off. What are the exact dimensions for width, depth, height?
Question:... is the door reversible?? That's literally the only thing stopping me from purchasing this right now. Thanks in advance!
I have to put it under a shelf. What is the total height with the top opened to maximum height? Thanks.
Has anyone experienced problems washing waterproof/water-resistant clothing in the LG WT4870?
Had Whirlpool washer for 2 yrs.-piece of junk. Is LG any better than Whirlpool high efficiency washer with direct drive?
Is it reliable? Does it need freqent repairs?
balance of washer with load
balance of washer
Anyone else feel this washer doesn't wash stains out well? Just tried laundry in a GE HE side loader washer and laundry came out WAY cleaner.
I bought this washer 5 months ago and my white laundry doesnt seem to come our very white. Anyone else have this problem?
whirlpool washers
is it actually quiet?
How do you load wine glasses in the lg
has anyone owned this for over two years?
Is this dishwasher durable?
dimensions
What is the shipping cost?
does it come with a cord
How many lumens are each of the bulbs rated? How hard are they to replace? Are they screw in or some impossible to buy and install type?
Does this hood need to be hard-wired, or does it plug in?
can this unit be used for re-circulating filters or ductless.
When installed on an 8 foot ceiling over a 36 inch high island cooktop, what is the distance from the bottom of the hood to the cooktop? - Don
Is the listing accurate in saying there are four LED lights? I only see two lights in the center strip in the pictures. Where are the other two?
is the finished brushed SS? can you dim the led lights?
Can this be used for a 10-0 ceiling?
if its stainless why the grey color is it painted?
dos this come with everything you need to install with 9 foot ceiling?
How many decibels on high?
how many in pack
does it stop making ice when you need a new water filter ?
To be clear, you are selling a "ULTRAWF *4 PACK*", for a total price of $43.70, correct?
Is there six filters included like the picture?
I have a Maytag electric stove, model # MER7765WS 1.........Will this oven rack fit? Also, is this rack stainless steel?
I have a GE model JBP26OF2AD the racks are 16-1/4 X 11-7/8 do you have a rack that will fit?
I measure my rack it is 24 3/4 wide, will this rack fits?
I have a Kenmore oven model no # 79046373402. Will this oven rack fit?
i have a 30 inch whirpool oven, will this fit? i have not measured the racks, just it's a 30 inch oven
could this work instead of part 4452807, a discontinued oven rack for kitchenaid range KDRP407HBU10?
Does this come with one or two racks?
My racks measure just over 24" wide and just over 16" deep - will they fit my oven?
Is the door reversible?
The unit dimensions are not clear as to which are the width and the depth. Please clarify.
is microchill a good product?
How does it hold up in the sun or outdoor use? How thick is it?
what is the total area this will cover. There are 10 pannel of each 8ft*4FT.
Does Proslat work with Gladiator Garage Works products?
Can Jifram hooks and components be used on Proslat system walls?
My filter is actually a 5231ja2006B (instead of 2006A) but I don't see those for sale anywhere. is the 2006A model interchangeable with it?
where does it made in?
I have lg refrigerator model LRSC26980TT , so should I use this water filter .
I have a Kenmore 795.79302.900 Refrigerator that takes the 9990 filter. The filter is inside refrig. Is this certified for my refrig?
what are the dimensions of this item?
What is the sone rating? Noise level?
How many speeds does this fan have?
What is the height of the hood at full extension?
Does it come with a carbon filter for non-ducted venting?
Do you have the owers manual in a PDF for this item Stainless Steel 30" Euro Style Wall Mount Range Hood GV-198KD-30 ?
Can I vent this through the ceiling or do I have to go through the wall?
How many speeds does this hood have?
Is there a 6" to 3 1/4 x 10" adapter for a rectangular duct? What is the width of the chimney?
Is this an Island or a wall mount range as the product description describes it as a wall and an Island range
Is the face display black or stainless steel color? thank you
how do i remove the filter for cleaning? i just installed it so i want to make sure i am not breaking any parts
Is the MINIMUM height 16" or does it have to be 32"H?
Can the filter be cleaned easily with soap?Thanks
Where can I purchase an extension for this range hood? Please answer at your earliest convenience.
Can this be installed on outside wall? I am planning to install on wall that is 4 feet away from outside wall.
is this ventless?
Does anyone know if this hood can be turned into ductless?
is this unit able to be wired or does it have a plug for 110?
A reviewer mentioned that there are control buttons both sides ( front and back?) Is this true ?
How do I remove the glass covering the light to change the blub?
Do you sell an extension kit available for 10' ceilings?
what is the width of the chimney?
Is this hardwired or plugin?
does it need pipes to get the smoke out of the house?
I have 1" less than eight foot ceilings (95"), can this unit work?
Is this cooler door in frame designed for a walk in with a floor or with out a floor
will the frame fit into an opening that is 81 1/4 x 39 3/4?
We built a 2 X 6 walk-in cooler that needs a door. Is there a cut sheet for install. The door when facing the cooler outside needs swing out to right
what can you do to prevent the front panel lettering from disappearing?
I would like to know if this unit operators when it first starts up and open the hot and cold water valves. Does it open and close the valves very fast causing water hammer. Or does just open letting the drum fill up, because I have an LG washer that...
Can you stack the washer and dryer?
How long is the normal wash cycle?
can i use ordinary detergent for model; WF365BTBGWR?
What clear coat should be used, brand wise? Clear coat is usually for metal and we are talking about multiple types of material on the panel???
can youu set a maximum humidity range at which point it would turn off a humidifier
Can I switch a 5 volt mini humidifier in an incubator with one of these?
This device can be started and shut an ultrasonic humidifier 24v, in an incubator
can i put it in a home-refrigerator and as a result to make humidity to be around 90%-95% ?
Does this product plug into an ordinary wall outlet and does it have a typical socket for a reptile humidifier to plug into? Thanks.
I would like to use this to control a vent fan in a crawl space. I also don't see how to tie in power to the unit or out put to the controlled device.
Can this device measure humidity as well as temperature and if so, is temperature displayed in F or C?
How can this control be installed in a drywall?
The description said that the devoice comes with one controller and one temp probe. What about the humidity sensor?
how do I make the LG machine washer front load take more water?
Can you open the door and add another piece of laundry after the machine has started? I think they call it a "pause" function.
I have this washer and even brand new it had an odd smell to it inside, kinda stinky when I stick my head in and smell. Is this normal?
Mine does not spin fast, clothes are so heavy with water.Had 2 electricians out.This is my 2nd one,returned 1st-DKW to do. What's wrong?
inside drum is wobbling
Has anyone used the self-cleaning function? If so, how often - or, when/why would I use this?
what are lg wt1101cw dimensions?
how do you place bleach in washing machine any help I cant figure it out thanks
Can high efficient washing machine be kept in an outside storage shed?
Why does this machine bother to include 5 temperature settings when anything other than "hot" gives cold water. Where is the real "warm" water option?
does it have a built in water heater?
How high does the drain connection need to be and can it be on the side wall?
Does the delivery include the hose connection as well? If not, was it easy to connect all?
Does it fit a space with a 27.25 inch depth? I'm not sure how much space needed foir hoses.
Do the water hoses come with it?
how does this unit connect to a kitchen sink?
Dimensions show 25 1/4 Depth - with normal units 5" more is required for vent, water hoses, etc. Does this system really fit in 25"?
Does this require 220 and what amperage
how does the drain connect
is this portable?
How are the Oxygen Adsorbers used
do i need more than 1-100cc for 1qt vac packed quart jar.
I noticed this morning there was moisture on the inside of the jar I keep them in and they feel hot when touched. Is this normal? Are they still good?
What would the shelf life be of jerky sealed with these in mylar bags at ROOM TEMPERATURE?
How do you properly close and seal the bag once you have opened it?
I PURCHASED OXY SORB 100CC had no knowledge of use of. Opened pack took some out.. Unused ones got hot &amp; indicator purple. R they now bad
So we put an entire packet into what you are about to seal? Making baked goods to ship. Will these help our goods stay fresh longer while shipping?
What's the shelf life?
Should these little 100cc absorbers warm up when exposed to air?
I want to give sealed (quart) gift bags of buttered, seasoned popcorn to friends. How long will the 100cc packets keep the bags fresh? HELP!
Does this make "soft" ice (easy to chew instead of solid blocks)?
I just received this product this week. I waited two days before turning it now. Added water, but it has been two hours and no cubes. Any ideas?
It sounds as though it makes ice very quickly, but after they fall into the storage bin, they no longer stay frozen. Is this true? How much usable ice
What are some of the defects that require the unit to be returned?
What method/s work best to drain the unit? It was mentioned that a filter slowed the process, is it removable?
I like the crystal ice cubes, I'm tired of the white bitter-flavor ice of my fridge. Is it possible with this ice maker?
Help- it leaks!! We just got ours set up today. It works quickly and makes good ice but we can't ignore the leak. Any suggestions for a quick fix???
What is the measurements?
Unit makes loud screeching or scraping sound at start of every new cycle for about 60 seconds. Not fan. Anyone else experience this?
I have a Whirlpool Model GD5SHAXLB01 if think it was made in around 2002. Will this filter work for mine?
My Whirlpool side by side is model number ED5FHEXN001 . Will is fit mine? It looks like the ones I have replaced before. Thanks
does this cartridge #4396508 replace #4396547
I have a Kitchenaid Superba side by side model KSCS25FKSS02 will this filter fit?
where are these made?
will this filter work on Kitchenaid model # KFCS22EVMSO ?
kitchen aid refrigerator model #KBFS5EWMS10 Will this filter work in my refrigerator
would this filter work with kitchenaid model # KBRC36FMS01??
Does this work on KFCO 22E VBL 1
Does this work on Whirlpool Mod. ED5FHEXNS00? Thank you for your help.
How long (in feet) is the hose? Product dimensions says 42inches, but 3.5 feet seems short for a drain hose.
Does this hose fit Inglis washing machines?
how long is the hose
The nobs that hold the wheels broke off on both sides. Is this the part I need?
Does anyone know where I can get install instructions for this on a kitchenaid KUDS30IXWH1
Does this part come with two wheels? Or do I have to order them separately ?
I am actually searching for a Kitchenaid part # W10353546, W10250158, or W10250159 is this the same part?
Will this part fail like the original? Our upper rack is falling off, breaking items on the lower rack.
left side broken on this part, handyman came and replaced this with W10350376, now right side broke, is it the same part as left side ones ?
Does this work for both sides??
I have a Kenmore dishwasher with the same part number and it looks exactly the same as this whirlpool part. Will it work for our Kenmore dishwasher?
I have a Kenmore dishwasher with the same part number and it looks exactly the sam as this whirlpool part. Will it work for our Kenmore dishwasher?
Does this part number - ending in 376 - come with two assemblies, or just one?
will this knob work for ge washer wpsr3100?
Will this knob work on control knob for GE washer WHDSR109J5WW?
Is this suitable for WKSR2100TBWW model?
will it work on model number DU1055XTSQ2
I have a Kenmore dishwasher model# 665.13732K600. Is this the correct detergent dispenser for my dishwasher?
Do you know if this fits a Whirlpool model GU2700?
Can anyone help with providing installation instructions for this dispenser in Maytag Dishwasher Mod/MDBTT53AWW1? Thanks!
will this work on whirlpool model 10289944
DU1055XTVQ2 won't run a full cycle, it stops &amp; blink lights, we open the door, close &amp; then hit the start button again 1-3 times, will this part help?
Does this fit KENMORE DISHWASHER #66517373301 ? I researched it and looks like a good fit but would like to make sure before I buy
Will it work on model number GU1500XTLS1?
Will it work with model number DU1014XTX03?
Does this work with the Whirlpool GU2500XTPB6
I have a Maytag MDBTT79AWW Series 300 dishwasher. This is the same part number will it work for me even though it's for Whirlpool?
Does this fit a Model GU1200XTKT0 ?
Does this fit a Model GU1200XTKT0 ?
will this work with Tappan model 316244408
Will this work with model number FEF322CASD ?
Will this work for Frigidaire model
I have a Frigidaire FEF365BGWC oven, I understand the heating element that I need is part # 316075104. Will this ERB5103 Bake Element work for me?
will this work with fridgidaire oven element 316075103?
will this element work for my model fefl67hcb ?
Will this work for a Kenmore Mod #76096011407?
I just received this heating element, confident it will work. This thing is too wide!! Is it OK to bend the heating element to make it fit?
Will this work on fef326awe frigidare oven?
Will this work for Frigidaire model
Who is the manufacture for this part and what is the warranty?
Is this pump assembly a factory OEM part or an aftermaket replacement?
is this the entire washer pump assembly, as shown ?
what is the warranty on this item?
How do you get replacement parts?
Is this product ventless/ductless? I can't install a vent hood that requires a duct leading outside. Thank you for your help!
Is this a convertible hood that I can vent outside with?
what is manufacturer's warranty?
Hello, I have AKDY 30" hood and I have a problem with digital clock. The clock has behind for a couple hours every day. Please can you help me.
Can i go straight up and then vent it out above the 8 ft ceiling line (meaning straight shot upwards) And do i have an option to go 90 degrees?
I will be removing my microwave to put this range hood on and I have two cabinets above the microwave. Do I have to remove the cabinets?
Will this work for an island?
Will it vent out the back?
What kind of light bulb base size is used? Is it something standard I can buy off the rack locally?
Are lights in unit halogen or LED?
how does gas sensor work?
What are the dimensions? I would like to know if it would fit in my kitchen
Can this be installed without air being directly vented outside? So it just pulls air up through filter? Are the light bulbs easily changable?
What is the minimum height at which this product can be installed?
Does this AKDY 30" Island Mount Stainless Steel Range Hood come with a mounting kit or do you need to purchase it separately
How do the Aluminum 6 layers micro-cell washable grease filters mount in the AZ-D01(IS)-30?
I have a 7&amp;1/2' ceiling, can i instal this hood with out having to cut the chimney? I know most of the hoods are adjustable for 8 - 9' ceilings.
Does this have to be hard wired?or can it be plugged into an outlet?
Can it be raised after installation - wanting the height to be higher it was installed at 36" want to raise to 30"
I need an extension for the chimney because my ceiling is 9 ft. Looked around and have not found anything. Does anyone know of one?
Hood keeps going off by its self, anyone else have this problem?
Are the lights able to dim?
What is the length from top to bottom of just the hood (not including the stem)?
is this setup to be ventless?
I have a gas stove and want to do install hood as ventless using the charcoal filters. Never had a gas stove so is that safe way to use the hood?
Can I get an extension for a 10 foot ceiling?
Is this a hard wire installation or plug-in?
what is the shortest lenth from top to bottom, i have 7ft ceiling
Does this vent externally?
Is this filter can be use for model LMX 25986SB/00?
My model is LFX31945 will it work for my model?
same as Kenmore?
When we first replaced the filter the water ran black for a while - which i guess is normal - but the replace filter light has come back on. Why?
why is this item so expensive. I have seen other site that you can get 3 for the same price. I have always trusted Amazon to have the best price, no m
where is the filter made? China?
how many filters comes with one order?
is this the same filter as the LT700P
I have an LG LFX28979ST/00. Will this filter fit my refrigerator? It is the same model number as the one at sears for my refrigerator model...
I have a Kenmore regrigerator which uses a water filter with a replacerment part # ADQ36006102. Is this part a replacement?
Does this part fit model DLGX2502W
Does this fit DLGX7188?
does it fit dlex7177rm
Does it fit DLE2101W dryer?
Does this fit lg model dle2516w
product described as fitting DLG7188RM = my machine is model DLGX7188RM (with the extra X between the G and 7. Same thing? THANX
Will it fit Kenmore dryer model 90441900
does this filter fit LG dlex3360v
Can I use this filter for my Kenmore Elite Model 796.8051# ?
Does it come with screen? Or screen shall be purchased separately?
Will this filter work on my dryer, Serial Number DLGX3002P?
Will this lint filter fit a model DLG3744W?
Does this lint filter work well alone or are the other two parts recommended required for it to work properly?
will this filter fit an LG DLE5977W
will this filter work on model # 79680512900? the serial # is 910kwvpvo1488
will this fit an LG DLEX3470 dryer? the part # on my (broken) filter says "ADQ566564 &gt;pp&lt; SC08,03". thanks!
New icemaker. Installed. Trip lever is down, ice ejectors are up. How long before I should expect to see movement.
Filled with water but motor is not rotating to push the cubes. 7 hrs already. How is the metal arm supposed to be positioned to push ice?
Does the unit have the feeler arm. It is not in the picture.
Does this ice maker have a 6 pin connector?
will this replace part no. 5989jb0001a
does this come with the wiring harness
how much ice does it make
how to instal this unit does water supply connect easly and how fast does it make ice
Want to make sure this is the ADQ36006101
I lost my owner's manual. How do I change this filter ? Where is it located ? thanks!
Does it work with LG model # LFX29927?
My LG refrigerator model is LFX31925ST . Will this filter work ?
I lost my owner's manual. How do I change this filter ? Where is it located ? thanks!
I just want to be sure it is a 6 month filter.
is the filter the smaller one of the two LG filters?
Is this the LG Part No. ADQ3600610?
Good night, I would like to know if the LG LT700P-2PK Refrigerator Water Filter, 2-Pack is siutable for the 3 door Lg GB92T84CVF? Thank you.
Can you dry more than one item at a time? Was thinking light shirts or thin workout clothes
What is the difference in using this vs a large garbage bag and a hair dryer?
What kind of material is it made of?
I would like to know if this dryer provides it own hair dryer, I do not own one?
Does it come with blow dryer?
Does the horizontal model filter out the water in a faster flowing stream than the vertical model?
In the pic "downspout" on the right - is this part of the filtering system or is this MY faucet? - No side view avail.
why is there so many incrustation after boiling
Does thiis attach to a faucet head that is extendable?
Does the kit come with faucet adapters
my faucet leaks at adaptor I need a a new one
What is the finish, chrome or satin?
Can you use stage 3 filters with this?
which filter are in this; stage 3, mineral free, the older single stage white ones??? which???
Does this product ship with one or both filters?
Does this fit an LG wt1101cw
What are the dimensions of this item?
I checked my manual but it didn't list a part number. Will this work with model WM3550H?
Can this be installed aftermarket on wm2050cw model? Or, are there other aftermarket solutions to keep door ajar?
Will this fit my lg washer #wm2250c front load no # on my manuel
I have a plunger. Came with new washer. Not magnetic. Owner's manual says to purchase magnetic one separately. So what is point of existing plunger?
What color is the plunger?
Will this magnetic door plunger work on a LG Washer model WM2701HU1?
can this part installed for Kenmore elite front door ? I have a broken one
Will this work with the wm2350hwc model dryer?
will this work for lg wm6875h*ca
Will this work for the WM3470HVA? If not, can you please let me know how to find one? Thanks
Does this come with instructions? Is this all I need to convert my LG dryer from gas to propane?
Will this change my dryer from LP to natural gas??
Can someone tell me Im trying to change my dryer from LP to natural Gas is this the right part?
Is this a genuine LG OEM part?
Is this the correct part for LG gas dryer model DLGx5171W ?
how fast is it shipped?
Do the filters have expiration dates? I'm wondering if it's worth buying more than one at a time if they are only good for a certain amount of time.
This filter says Filter2, is there another Filter1 somewhere in the refrigerator ?
Is this OEM from Whirlpool or duplicate from some other manufacturer?
Why is one filter $30.77 and six are $224.99.? That would be more expensive apiece for six.
I have a year old Black Ice French door Wirlpool refrig. How can I find out if the filter fits this model?
Can I get a block off cap instead of using a filter, do they make one to replace this filter?
I am thinking about getting a pack of three as it is cheaper than the single pack. Does anybody know the shelf life of these filters?
I ordered and received this water filter, but I can't seem to get the old one out! Is there a trick that I'm missing? I tried pushing and turning.
Is there an alternative to this product since it doesn't seem to last very long?
why does presssure cooker stick my roast and burn to bottom of pan
`parts for precision nuwave pressure cooker
can you fry chicken etc. in this cooker
I have the PIC, can I buy the pressure cooker alone?
can i use other cookware
DOSE THIS NUWAVE 2 . STAY AT 40c on the low setting . IT is 49c . THE Thermometer says so .
what cookware does it work with or does not work with?
The actual cooking/heating area is 9" correct? How does that work if I want to use a 12" skillet?
Will cast iron pots work on the PIC?
Can by wave pots be used in regular stove
what effect does using the nuwave cookware have on smooth top stoves?
is it good for canning
is it electric or battery powered or what
what will happen if I use pans other than the ones that came with the nuwave cooktop
How long do I cook a pot roast?
Can you plug into 12volt camper van power
color and price
CAN I use it for canning fruits and vegies
How quiet is it? Scale of 1-5. 5 being the highest
Wher is the top board to join washer and dryer
Does the necessary equipment for installation come with these?
what is the voltage outlet for the washer and dryer
is the tub plastic or porcelon?
anyone know what the average wash and dry times are?
how long is the warranty?
Does this mount to the wall without a cabinet? And does it come with the mounting kit?
Ok - a little dumb here - can the vent duct run up the standard height then turn and go out the back of the wall it is on? Does an "L" duct come with
Clock keeps army time can it be converted to standard 12 hour
is this a back exhaust
Do I need an extension for a 10' ceiling? If so, do you sell one?
I need to know what width and depth of the chimney are and whether it can cover an 8" duct at the top
are there extensions available?
Does this work as a ductless range hood? Or does it have to be vented outside
Hi, what is the depth of this hood, measured from the fan base to the chimney extension fully extended? I'd like this to be at least 41.7". Thanks!
Where do I find installation instructions, I have misplaced mine...
What is the maximum distance the bottom of the hood hangs from the ceiling once attached?
Is there a minimum height? I have about 22" height to work with. Can only one of the 19" chimney's be used or will the two "telescope" so it's 19"?
Is their an attachment we can buy? We have 10ft ceilings.
Is this model to be used for an island only?
How can I get instruction book to install the hood, therewas no book in a package?
what do i need to use as in a ductless application?
Do you have extensions for a 10 ft ceiling
Does this product come with the install kit?
is this hood is ductless ?
it will fit model#LSC26905tt ?
will this fit model LG LSC26905TT?
does it work for r LG LSC27921ST?
Will this part fit LG LSC27914 ?
will fit modal lg lsc27931st
Does this come with electrical wires, the picture does not show but I would like to have this
Does this have all electrical wiring connected, I need to replace that as well
Anyone know if that short line from the door could be extended with some 5/16" tubing and a joint connector making this an easier install?
Will it fits Kenmore Elite model# 795-51086-011
Will this fit LG refrigerator LSC 27950SB?
Will they fit a kitchen aid?
Are twist ties included?
Do these have the mounting holes in the sides for the Kenmore compactor?
I got this item and I'm having a lot of problems with lint. The lint filter is a useless, don't hold nothing! Please I need help with the lint.
Can someone give me a concrete estimate of how many pieces of clothing this can fit? How many shirts, how many pant, how many towels etc.
The box that it arrives by fedex, does it say washing machine because landlord and nosey neighbors may have a problem. Del. 5/1 but I'm at work.
So, this has to be plugged in AND near a sink, or such? That worries me that my counter won't be big enough, etc.?
What's the difference between model XPB36 and PAN30?
Is this designed and sized to be aconmidating for use in an RV or Travel Trailer?
How does the spin dryer drain? Does it utilize the hose?
Does this machine vibrate much? I live on the third floor, and can't have it banging, or movind
How does this unit compare to the older Panda washer without the integral spinner? Is the washer part larger, easier to use? Already use the Panda with separate spinner; would there be any benefit in getting this unit to replace existing arrangement?
I received my Panda washer and have all ready lost my instructions! Do I fill the water to below the lint trap or just above it? Thanks!
will it not work on a stainless steel dishwasher?
my dishwasher has a piece at the bottom where it opens and then there is another small piece of metal. Has anyone had to cut it? can you send pics
can someone send me a pictures of it from their kitchen please,
Does this fit an LG Front Load WM2050CW?
Will this work on a wm2010cw?
Will this work on a WM2501HVA?
will this fit lg wm2701hv
does this work on the WM2487HM?
Does this work on a WD-12326RD
Will this part work on a front loading model wm2688?
DOES THIS FIT A LG FRONT LOAD WD-15519RD
will this pump work with wm2101hw
Are these actual OEM replacements (blue hubs), or a knockoff?!
How many rollers are there on a dryer?
Are all 4 rollers the same?
is this assembly fit LG dryer model DLG5988B? It is an urgent, Please let e know soon
is this the whole assembly? Or just the wheel?
Will this fit a LG WM2233CU?
What exactly does it fix?
I have no idea what the model# is for our LG front load washer but it says TROMM on the front. Does anyone know if this piece will fit?
Will this fit a LG WM2233CU?
Does this assembly include the motor? Thanks.
Getting E1 error on dishwasher will this fix the problem?
Does this sump assembly fit on the LG dishwasher model LDS4821ST? There were two conflicting answers when someone asked previously. Wanted to be sure
Does this sump assembly fit on the LG dishwasher model LDS4821ST ?
Does 3485ED1002B is equivalent to 3485ED1002A?
Is this a replacement part for original? The original part has 10 electrical plug in and the replacement only has 9.
Just ordered, does it fit the LG / LDF7932ST
does this sump assembly fit LG dishwasher Model LDF6920ST?
I bought this for my LG dishwasher, LDF6810ST/02? But it's not exactly the same, is it correct for my machine?
Do these drum rollers come with the triangle snaps to keep them on the axle?
How many of these parts do I need for the LG dryer. I want to order them before I start the work. Do I need two or four?
I am wondering if they work with LG dryer model DLG5988B. If I take off my old roller axel and use with this new one will it work together?
Is this roller OEM part,with blue color? Does it work with LG DLE2516W,I want to make it clear because people received a wrong parts.(Red color roller
Can this by used as a ductless system? If so, what additional parts are needed?
what about the noise level?
will this fit a 7 1/2' cieling?
What kind of controls does this have? Number of speeds, clock, timer?
What is the different between this and the 36" model (az-h508a-90)? the price is about $100.
What are the dimensions of the hood ? 30" by what ?
Will this range hood work as a ductless if I buy a converter kit?
Can you get additional chimney sections to work with 10' ceiling?
How can the clock be set to 12 hr AM PM format?
Does this vent outside?
Will this work with 84" ceilings/7ft? It appears to come in 2 sections. I'll be using ventless.
My ceilings are quite high (12 feet or so). The chimney only extends to 8 ft. Is there an extension kit and where would I purchase it?
The spec. say this is a high quality stainless steel but a 23 gauge?... Is it a 23 gauge or a 18 gauge?
Thanks for your answers to my previous question. We will have to connect to a soffit, that is about 4 feet above the range, would it be a problem?
HI I just wanted to check the metal thickness you say it is 23 gauge is this correct this seems very thin and can deform easy. thanks for your time.
Can this be mounted to the ceiling or is it Wall Mount only?
How do I change the time on the clock
I've noticed many people mention the time on this hood. Is your only option military time?
Does anyone have problem with this range hood going beserk? It turns on and off on its own whenever it feels like it.
Is this recirculating?
I have a 9' ceiling but this product only fits 8-8.5' ceiling.Does anyone know which extension to buy that would work with this model 198KN3 30".
We have 10-foot ceilings so we need an extension. What are the chimney dimensions? Which extension from therangehoodstore.com would work?
is this a ductless and ventless
I have 9 ft ceilings. Can I add an extension or will this possibly work for me?
What is the brightness of those two LED lights (W equivalent)? e.g. 2W LED is about 20W euivalent. How easy can I change to more bright light?
where do the rubber mounts go on the back of the vent hood?
Are the lights in the front ? Appears to be by pic but want to be sure
Can the height be shortened? I have a 10 inch bulkhead, so there is only 54 inches from the top of the stove to the top of the bulkhead. Can the hood be shortened to 24 -28 inches? The minimum from bottom of the hood to cooktop is 26 inches.
DO I need to install a new filter or does it come with a filter?
How do I install this into a cathedral ceiling?
The accessory that it came, it had a screen plug with some pins on the other side.Can any one who ordered it to tell me what is that for?Thanks.
Is this hard-wired or does it plug in?
Is there any way to set the clock to standard time?
Does anyone know how to change the time format? Not the biggest fan of military time.
Does this unit come with aluminum mesh or baffle filters?
Do they hook up the refrigerator, the way technician from Sears installs?
Why are the dimensions of this model different on this site than the LG site, Home Depot, and Lowes? I think this is a mistake.
The depth is listed as 30-34 inches. This model is "counter depth" and is listed to have a depth of 24.13" without handles on other sites??
Is there any way to get the doors to close tight? They pop back open and need to be manually closed. Had it checked out and the repairman couldn't see anything wrong, including the leveling.
to confirm, the refrig will be delivered into the kitchen and debris removed?
shipping?
How about the dimensions please? Amazon, it's CRUCIAL to list them.
i note these answers are from Goedeker but item is shown as shown by Urgent Liquidators. are they the same?
how does shipping and delivery work, is it into the house or curbside?
what is the width?
Does this system filter gaillardia?
Want this to remove lime and other minerals from our hard water, so my car doesn't have spots! Will it work for this purpose? Thanks!
how many gallons will the this filter filter?
Does it have replacable filters?
how does it attach to garden hose?
Is this item everpure h-300 compatible?
Is this item ELF5M-P compatible?
I replaced my H300 filter with the Omnipure ELF-5M-KDF-P Carbon Block Filter, but I see particles floating that weren't there before. Is that normal?
I also have a Hoshizaki 4HC-H large filter for my ice machine. Do sell these filters or another brand that would fit?
I have a body glove filter system in my restaurant that uses the body glove BG-3000S or BG-3000R &amp; ever pure H300 EV927200. Will this unit work?
Is it removable? I would like to use it in my rental kitchen.
Hi. How are you? Can I put my refrigerator magnets on top of the film? Thank you.
can you use it on cabinets? Want to put it on old cabinets in heated garage
Is this the satin stainless steel or the matte brushed nickel finish?
Can I use it on a fridge with curved edges?
Can it be used as a kitchen backsplash?
Could this be used on the front of a dishwasher?
Can you use this on the front of an oven, too? Is it heat resistant?
My front doors have very small dents in them from kids beating on them with toys. Will this get rid of the dents without looking like bubbles?
How do you clean it? Do you use a stainless steel cleaner or just windex it?
Is the vent considered to be a metal foil vent? Can't use a foil vent with my dryer, manu. suggests a heavy metal vent, which are a pain to maneuver.
How often does it need to be cleaned out?
will this work well in a two car garage that is adequately vented with 'whirly type' spinners in the roof?
I live in Fl. need to vent this in my garage with no ventilation. How much of a problem is this??
can this lint trap mounton the wall
Can this be used for a gas dryer??
Is there something online that says this product will meet code. My inspector is saying it does not meet code.
Is there something online that I can print out from the manufacturer saying if meets code? My inspector is saying it won't.
What diameter hose fits on to the Lint Trap? I am hoping the standard 4", as that is what the new dryer coming uses. Thanks
Can this be mounted to the wall and can it be easily detached for cleaning
What is the width of the insert?
The product dimensions are listed as 7 x 7 x 7 inches. Is this correct? If not, what are the actual dimensions?
does this replace whirlpool cabrio filter w10049360?
Do you know if this is the proper replacement lint screen for a Whirlpool Duet Dryer Model No. WGD9470WW2?
Is the filter dishwashable?
Are these the aluminum filters or are these fabric or paper? If the latter, do they go underneath the aluminum ones that came with the hood? Thanks!
size of these filter
what are exact dimensions? all the other postings have the exact dimensions. "standard size" doesn't really help much.
What size is this ?
Can it be run on an ordinary 15 amp circuit?
Can this unit be attached to normal washer-line hoses, or will it only attach to a sink faucet?
Can I forgo the dry cycle and just wash clothes without using the dryer? Do you have to use the dry cycle every time you wash a load?
I noticed it says that the shipping weight is 200 lbs, how hard is it to move into the house (is it bulky etc.) could you do it with one person?
Does this unit have a way to vent it to the outside or is only a ventless unit.
Is this Machine Ventless?
I only use cold water. Can I connect only the cold water hose to kitchen adapter?
What is theWidth on this unit?
I just got this washer. I want to know can you use bleach to wash white clothes in this machine.
Does the washer come with hoses for water and drain? Three hoses? Thanks!
Will the doors come off easily so we can fit it through a 30" door?
I just received mine and it seems to run a little loud...constantly humming...is this normal?
The CFE29TSDSS is supposed to have hot water capability but the description does not mention it - is this the correct model?
The dimensions are not very clear in this ad. The space I have available for my fridge is 69.75" h x 36" w and 30"d or deeper. Will this fridge fit?
does the hot water dispenser lock to accidental prevent burns
Is the side body panel stainless steel or black?
How long does it take to heat up the water in the hottest setting?
is width 36"? I have opening is 36 1/2"/ does it fit in?
Does this have a hot water dispenser
I understand there are 3 adjustable shelves inside, what does the door inside look like?
One answer is that fridge has auto defrost and another answer states it has no freezer. I'm confused!
what is the width height and depth
Can this be used outdoors on a covered patio?
I've never heard of "Danby". Are they a reputable co.?Would this refrigerator be considered "top-of-the-line" "cheap-disposable" or something between?
What is the internal dimensions of the refrigerator and can all of the shelves be removed?
i need a quiet refrigerator because I have a very small space. Does it make ANY noise?
how many 12 ounce cans will it hold
Can i use this refrigerator as a replacement for my Danby DKC146SLDB Kegerator frig (in other words does this unit accomodate the tap)?
how do you know what the coldest setting is on the temperature knob?
Is this 220VAC version?
can you use it all the time
Does anyone have a problem with the drain parts?
anyone know how to clean it left it unplugged when we went away and came home to a mess only had it a short time... cant throw that money now what???
what kind of ice does it make? Looking for nugget ice, like Sonic restaurants
Is it comparable to nugget ice (chewable ice) machine that you see in hospitals?
Hello I would like to know how many watts the machine is? does any one know that?
After approximately one year of use it is extremely noisy when pumping the water from the reservoir. Is it possible to clean the fan mechanism?
What are the dimensions of the machine
How big are the two sizes of ice?
Will the fridge be installed for me? I do not know how to install one
Is this fridge actually 74 inches tall?
how do you lock the wheels
how do you lock the wheels on cye23tsdss
In the precise fill option, can you walk away from the dispenser while it fills your cup or pitcher?
What warranty is provided with purchase?
Height of this item?
How wide is it?
What is the depth of this product?
the depth of 31 1/8 includes the door handles?
Is it copper colored or is it the photo?It says it's stainless steel but it looks copper colored. What's on the surface of the unit?
can this be vented through the rear
what is the height?
Does this come with installation instructions?
Is this part compatible with the Kitchenaid Dishwasher model #KUDK03CTSS2?
We are installing the 8194001 door balance kit on our kitchenaid dishwasher &amp; it is screeching. where can we access the original guide mentioned?
Does this also fit KitchenAid Model KUDP02CRBS1?
Does this replace the lg adq36006101 filter?
Are these replacements going to replace Kenmoreclear 46-9690?
What contaminants does these filters reduce?
will the fridge still tell you when to replace the filter if you use this one?
I've used these, but only get a couple weeks out of them before flow is REALLY slowed down. Anyone else have this problem? Is this typical?
will these work for an LG model number LFX28968ST
Do these filters replace lg french 4 door refrigerator? Thanks
Does this water filter fit refridgerator Kenmore Model number 79571013010? Thank you
Will the 3 pack water filters work in a Kenmore Elite, French doors frigerator, and is there free shipping?
I just bought this for an LG LFX28977ST and these are around 1/3 the size. I thought it said it was a replacement for the original? Help!
dimensions?
What is the minimal ceiling height supported? Keep in mind that the ceiling will need to drop by about 6" to bring in the duct.
can unit be mounted directly to ceiling, which is vented?
what is the vent size to outside?
Is the clock 12 or 24 hours?
Does this fit a 7'6" ceiling height?
THe information does not say how many Sones (sound level) it is rated for. How loud or rattle-y is this?
will it work on a 10" ceiling?
I bought this off amazon do I need to buy ducting to the outside or does it come with ducting for that?
trying to install this unit (ductless) Pg 8 in the installation guid refers to a "optional air diverter" wher can i get this?
How do you change to fahrenheit? I see the hole on the back but I have no idea how to adjust it.
what is the size of the clock?? Length*height
Does it have backlight?
does it use batteries
Would I be able to turn this on for only a couple minutes on really gently cycle? My delicates are delicate!
Does the unit vibrate a lot? Will my downstair neighbor hear the machine running? What is the noise level? 6 sones or more?
How does it do with noise level? Does it run quiet or does it make quite a bit of noise?
it wont drain!!! what is wrong with it??????????????????
website for Sonya?
how many articles of clothing. Cotton shirts and jeans or cotton pants does the unit hold per wash?
WHAT TYPE OF SOAP SHOULD I USE HE ?
I don't have a sink right next to the laundry room. Can this washer be connected to the regular washer hook up rather than connect to sink n faucet?
Does this unit spin dry?
how does the water stop when washer is full
Is it loud? Thanks
Can it store Ice as well as make it?
what is the warranty period
are the cubes square and solid or are they hollow
Is it dual voltage (110-240 v)
Its a 110 v or 220/240v?
are the ice cubes clear
how much ice does it hold, and do i need to run a water line to it, thanks
How many pounds of ready ice will it hold in its basket?
help i need a manual plugged in added water 9 hours later still no ice
IS the lid locking? Another model had a magnet - does this one? I want a washer without locking lid so I can let clothes soak.
Is this a direct-drive motor or is it belt-driven?
How full does the washer get with the Deep Fill option? Water to the top of the drum?
Is there a feature or tweak or loophole that I can use on this machine to add more water to it if the deep fill option does not cover clothing?
How much water does this machine use on its lowest level GTWN5650FWS
on the GTEN5650FWS 3.9 CU FT. can any one tell about washing King size bedding? I wash it in my old one just fine,but dont know what size it is.
Am thinking of buying the GE GTWN5650F. Can I use regular detergent if I am NOT going to use any of the HE features like eWash or PreciseFill?
Is it made in the USA?
From other answers it appears as if the purchaser will need hoses. Where can these be purchased and why don't they come with the washer?
How long does a normal wash cycle take?
Does everyone agree that this refrigerator is noisier than normal as some have stated in reviews or are these just isolated cases?
What is the height from the clusters to the top of the refrigerator?
What space (W/H/D) shall be provided for installation of the GE PYE23kSDSS refrigerator?
Is it true that light indicating "change water filter" has nothing to do with whether the filter needs to be changed or not - just a timer? Thanks!
Is this compatible with (46 9930) filter for kenmore fridge
Does this work for W10291030? It looks the same.
Why is the bulk price ($39.50 ea for 6 pieces) 30% higher than the ala carte price ($30.21)? Someone obviously flunked Economics &amp; Marketing 101.
Is W10295370A the filter same as 469930? It looks the same and comes up when I search for 469330 in Amazon
The label under the word "pur" has a typing error "disopsable" vs "disposable" - that can mean a fake product. Amazon: please confirm authenticity
I need a kenmore 46-9930 are these interchangable?
What is the difference between W10295370 and W10295370A?
Would it work for Kitchenaid refrigerator, the # is the same?
my filter# is 4396841 - it looks like the above but a different #. It is a Whirlpool. Are they the same?
does it pull 2 amps or less? I would love to get this for college, but energy ratings never put the amps
what is the size of the freezer?
Assurance protection available on this purchase?
does this come with 1 year warranty?
does it come in black or stainless steel
Need to see interior, and cannot find outside dimensions
Is there a way to add water while it spins, essentially using it to rinse out the clothes before eventually spin drying them?
Does it heat the clothes as it spins?
How does this spin dryer compare to the mini dryer in size?
does this plug into a regular outlet?
How tall is it?
Have been saving up Amazon points to buy one and now unavailable? Mr. Tournet, please, please tell me this is only temporary.
do you still need to line dry clothes? how dry do they come out? lol, will it remove cat hair from the clothes?
Would this dryer be good for hand washed cashmere sweaters? ( Cashmere fibers become very fragile when wet so if it tumbles it might not be very good for the sweaters.)
Approximately how long does it take clothes to air dry after spinning? Thanks.
Laundry Alternative has this Nina Soft Spin Dryer with 1800 rpm and another spin dryer with 3200 rpm and the latter holds a little more. Can anyone give me any info comparing the two? I don't know which would be better.
Would this be safe to put in a room as a personal fridge?
how tall is this refrigerator?( Moses)
can this be an outdoor refrigerator
can you put this fridge in a built in cabinet
What is the temp range?
Dimensions: what is the width, depth, hight in inches
The description for the washer says 5.1 Cu. Ft but the model WM8000HVA on LG's website says it is 5.2 Cu. Ft. Which is correct?
does this come with the cables and hoses?
Is this washer/dryer combo compatible with gas hookups?
dimensions
can you actually wash and dry a king size comforter in this set? we've yet to find a set that does no matter how big the capacity
I want to know the height without the pedastals, and do I have to buy the pedastals?
Does this have the stinky smell that other front load washers have?
The title heading says these are in graphite but the product description says they are in white, which is it please?
The title heading says these are in graphite but the product description says they are in white, which is it please?
Are there 2 kinds of this filter? the blue as shown in this website and the purple filter from other sellers. the purple filter makes water taste bad
The blue, not the purple are the real ones, right? Also, the labels of the purple misspelled "Disposable" as "Disopsable"
Are these new filters in sealed boxes?
What is the difference between W10295370 FILTER 1 and W102953570A?
i ordered this filter ( blue )that is shown in the website but i received a looks like replica purple filter. Is this generic brand?
how many gallons we should drain before using it?
Does this fit Kenmore Elite refrigerators?
How does this work?From photos it looks like it locks the front "door" to the side of the frig,how does this keep the 2 front doors from being opened?
How big are the holes? If I have to provide the padlock, I need to know if it will only take 1/8" shackle or 1/4" or smaller?
how would this work for standard fride &amp; freezerdoors top &amp; bottom would you need 2 set;s
Can it be used on wood door/cabinet? Will it stick well on wood material?
What are the 2 different shaft lengths?
I need a fridge lock to deter burglars. Are the square plates that atatch/stick to the refrigerator metal or plastic?
Where does the water come in on the back of this unit? We were trying to prep the area for the water and didn't know where do put the water lines :o)
Does this refrigerator also filter the water used for ice and sparkling/still dispensers? If so what kind of filtration?
Is the freezer just one giant bin divided into two or does it have a rolling out top drawer for smaller items as well?
What shape/size are the ice cubes?
is it possible to split the invoice in two? i am from Venezuela, and my currier can not import any product above 2000 $
How do you get the Ice out of the bin?
Can you switch between sparking and still water "on the fly"? Or do you have to empty the sparkling water tank before still water will come out?
How is the water pressure from the standard (non-carbonated) dispenser? I have this fridge and it seems to take forever to fill a cup of water.
Does the sparkling water require SodaStream-branded CO2 canisters, or can it use a bulk CO2 canister like the ones used in food/drink service? If it requires SS items, where does the canister go?
Can you use Soda Stream sparkling drink mixes with the sparkling water? The Soda Stream soda or the fruit drink mixes?
Will this Bosch model SHX46A05UC/14?
will this part fit Bosch model SHV99A13UC/31?
Hello, Will this fit the Bosch SHU5300? Thank you!
WILL THIS FIT BOSCH MODEL SHE58C06UC/50 DISHWASHER
Will this fit a Bosch SHU5306UC-U12? It is non-vented through the dispenser.
Hi, does it have a non-return air flap?Thanks
Is the overall width 30" from one side of the glass to the other? or is it just the metal under the glass that is 30"?
Can't figure out how to set the clock? Anyone have instructions? Tried the obviousness, but can't get it to work.
I have a sloped kitchen ceiling that is about 8' 9" above the hood area. Can I get an additional extension piece?
Is there a ductless option for installation?
How are the lights and what type of bulbs are they
Can the legs be removed, what's the overall height (including the hinge) after removing the legs? My bar counter can only fit 20.5" tall wine chillers
Is it true that it is completely vibration free?
Does this unit have a lock?
If I put this in a large closet (under stairs) will it cause the closet to get warm, as it dissipates heat? Anyone noticed?
Hot in Texas. Weather can drop electricity, but comes up. Will the cooler go back up by itself? Hope by itself a reasonable cooler.
when the power goes out does this unit power back up or does it stay off
Can someone please give me the INSIDE dimensions? I would be using it for cigar storage and need to make sure my spanish cedar trays fit easily. Thanx
What is the vertical length of the door, it's height from the floor and the hinges additional height?
Why does the description say is is 20 cu ft?? Isn't is more like 3 Cu Ft? If it were 2' by 2' and 5 1/2 - 6' tall I'd 20 Cu Ft. Is this a TARDIS?
Is it safe to keep this unit on a carpeted floor?
Do you need to buy the power plug separately for this appliance
If I have a dishwasher already will this one hook up the same way?
How well does this dishwasher dry with no heating element and just the hot water rinse?
how loud is this washer?
Are the racks stainless steel or plastic coated metal?
Is an installation kit required for this model?
Does the "reset" or "off" button cancel and drain the dishwasher when it's running?
does this unit have ss hard food disposer?
does the dishwasher beep when the cycle is finished?
Are the leaks prevented by the AquaStop system the kind most often responsible for hardwood floor damage?
Does the Bosch dishwasher have a garbage grinder built in or just a filter ?
What is the cycle time? Thanks.
What items are included with this? Power cord, connections, drainage hose, silverware basket? What's in the box?
does this unit heat water or is it only the temp of our house hot water?
is it quite
Does this include all parts for a standard installation? Like water and power connectors, water lines, and cabinet mounts.
Will I need to pre-rinse dishes in the sink before putting them in this dishwasher, or can I skip that step? Thanks!
Does it beep at the end when it is done? (I have an older one that does and it will wake me up)
Has Bosch addressed the plastic chrome handle trim breakage?
What does it mean to be "Fully integrated" (versus the others that are "partial")?
looking of a griddle for my gas range center oval burner . will this work?
The information on the 6325 said it is constructed of cast aluminum. Aluminum does not work on induction cook tops as it is not magnetic. How than can it work?
Will this work on the Samsung induction flexzone stove top?
Is it heavy?
Does this TRULY work on an Induction cooktop?
Same issue with 2 of these ovens. Lower oven reads the temp I've set it to but 3 diff therms. show it goes way up, then way down. Pls help!
Does this stove require 30 or 60 amp plug I've been reading that some of the newer stoves need the higher amperage
Can you fit a large Turkey in the lower oven?
We use a hand held steamer on present glass top. Do you think it would be okay to use on this surface?
Is there any truth to the rumor that you can NOT use aluminum foil in the ovens on this range?
Love this oven, anyone having trouble with the plug getting in the way of pushing it all the way back against the wall? Looking for some tips
Can you bake cookies and muffins in the smaller oven or is the infrared grilling always on?
Which side is the electrical cord on (if you're looking at the back)?
what pots and pans can be used with this range?
Will my cast iron cookware mar the cook top surface?
does this filter fit model 72053 refrigerator
which water filter fits Kenmore refrigerator model 795.51372.011?
Does this filter fit model 795.7218 ?
Does this air filter fit the kenmore elite grab-n-go model 795.7237?
does it fit model 795.7404
Does this fit 795.7313 Kenmore Elite?
Does this filter fit the kenmore elite 795.72093.312?
My Kenmore Elite is Model # 795.71283.315 is this the correct air filter?
does this filter work for model 70443 Kenmore Elite?
Does this filter in any way affect the function of the refrigerator or damage the motor if not replaced? Is this thing necessary?
Does the washing machine have a stop (magnetic or other) that holds the door slightly open when not in use (to discourage mold growth)?
Do you need special laundry detergent for the washer? special fabric softener?
Are there detailed instructions on how to hook up the washer and dryer? Are they easy to install?
will the delivery guys hook up the washer &amp; dryer for us?
Are the door hinges made of plastic or metal?
What parts do I need to purchase separately to install this set? Do I need a power cord and dryer duct for the dryer? Do I need 2 washer hoses? Thks
Does this set come stackable
how deep are the washer and dryer?
does this come with a show dryer holder in the dryer rack?
what is the actual SHORTEST wash time? I do a lot of smaller loads and can't wait 45 minutes for them to finish. thank you.
How big is this mat? So far, you have not answered anyone's question regarding this.
do you need one for each shelf or only one for on bottom shelf??
What size is this mat and how does it work?
I hate to ask what is a pretty obvious question for most by are the measurements depth - width - height?
I'm looking for something to use in a dorm room. This say's "connector type: water line". Can we not simply plug in a reqular outlet?
Could someone please point me to the interior dimensions? I would like to confirm that there is enough height and depth in the fridge. Thank you.
Can you tell me how your fridge is working thus far for your RV or TT since purchasing it?
Is it frostfree?
My refrigerator just shipped to my house today. Can I go back and get a warranty on it?
Does anyone know how many amps this refrigerator uses?
does this have a waranty
What is the dimensions (width and length) of the glass shelves?
How tall is this refirgerator i feet? How high does it stand from the ground
will this work on whirlpool mod ler662opt1
I had a inglis dryer is running but no heat, model number IED4400VQ1, is this the element I need
Is this the same as whirlpool part 3403585 for the heating element
does this element have any type of warranty
Will this work with dryer Kenmore model 110C66682500 ? Guaranteed authentic OEM ?
is this a ventless hood?
is this range hood suction good enough ?
How long is the warranty? At 7 months the fan blades on mine have stopped turning. The motor is still turning, just no exhaust fan. Will you replace
What is the minimal allowable clearance between top of a gas range and bottom of this hood?
where is this range hood made in?
can you give better mounting instructions?
Need recirculating kit?
Does this dishwasher come with all the required hoses etc for installation or do i need to order an additional product.
What is semi integrated?
What is the power requirement for this uniit?
whats the difference between the 500 and 800 series?
Will I need to pre-rinse dishes in the sink before putting them in this dishwasher, or can I skip that step? Thanks!
Is the stainless steel finish coated
What is the tub lining material?
Any Fiestaware owners care to say whether the dishes fit? I see a lot of complaints about the tight fit of the plates.
long lasting with daily use?
Is it necessary to use the Finish brand soap &amp; drying agent for the Bosch dishwashers?
Does this come with LP conversion orifices?
Are the ovens electric or gas?
Does this include installation and removing old oven
Does it have to be a 5/8 connection hose? It seems like the 3/4 size would be better, provide more gas, and it is what my old stove has.
Has anyone used the Easy Clean feature? I'm wondering if it's just a gimmick.
Do you ship to the big island Hi.
Can you replace the center grill with a griddle? Is one included or is it an accessory you buy separately?
What is the height including the back part with the oven controls?
Is the Stainless Steel easy to clean? Does it show lots of finger prints?
Our current range is set into the floor approximately 1/2 inch. (Tile laid after the oven was put in place.) Will this impact the use of the bottom oven?
How much clothes can it hold?
Does this washer come with 2 water hoses (hot and cold) or 1, I only have one faucet for hot and cold water how would this work? Tks
Can this be used with a normal washer hose hookup?
Dimension of this machine
How tall is the unit with the door opened?
Does it use a lot of electricity? I'm afraid the electric is going to go sky high and my cost savings will be null.
Does it sing at the end of a cycle?
Bad smell from the washer? I was told to use bleach and hot water and let it turn for a whole cycle, can I do that?
Does the washer shake and vibrate to the level that a full size washer does? I'm in an apartment above another unit and can't have much vibration.
how high with door up but folded? How tall with out wheels.
Does the price include the pedestals that are pictured?
I hear front loads can take up to an hour to wash a load. What is the wash time for a normal wash?
can I change the washer door to open from the otherside
is the washer door interchangeable
Is the vent on the dryer (DLEX8000W) centered in the lower back of the dryer, or is the vent to one side or the other?
Do they come with a stackable feature?
does the price include the installation?
Is this the latest model for both the washer and dryer?
can these be stacked to save floor space?
do these come with a standard warranty besides the one available for purchase?
The desc says 32 3/10" Deep. Is this for both of them? How much space do I need for plumbing behind them?
are these pedestal?
Does the washer and dryer come with each of its own pedestal/drawer?
Can you open the washer during the wash cycle?
What dimension or dimensions make this larger than most? Is it the width? If so what is the normal width?
Is this set in white or the grey? The model number indicates grey, but disciption says in white.
how long to deliver to 53118
Does this front load washer have the typical problem of water and moisture sitting in the front seal causing smell and possibly mold?
Why does the description NOT inform buyers that they will have to cut and strip wiring so this can be spliced into the range?
will this work on a 1968 whirlpool stove?
are these ceramic or plastic?
Does this fit a Kenmore HE3 front load washer?
Will this fit a whirlpool front loader WFW9400su01
I have a Whirlpool Duet GHW9100 LW1. I only want the pump motor not the whole assembly. Is this the right whole assmbly? Can I get just the motor?
Is the pump exactly as pictured or is the angle of the output tube rotated about 75 degrees (pointed upward when viewed from the angle in picture)
Will this fit for a Whirlpool duet GHW9100LW1?
Will this pump work on a Whirlpool model WFW9750WW01?
Will this fit washer GHW9400PL
I have a Kenmore Elite HE3T with the part number 461970201671 and 294020-M75 on it. Will this one work and fit?
my Wirlpool modle is GHW9150PW0. will this pump is correct part?
Will this pump assembly fit a Maytag 4000 ModelMHWE450WW01
will it fit maytag cre9400cce
will it work on Magic Chef oven model 8114P732-60?
What are the dimensions
Will this work for my Magic Chef 3868xvw oven?
Will this fit Model # PER5710BAW?
Will it fit a Jenn Air JE3842XRW
will it fit a Maytag Mer4110aaw
will this element fit the amana AER5511AAW heating element
Will this work for my maytag oven model CRE9600CCE?
Will this element fit my Magic Chef 3510krw model oven?
I can't find the model number for the broken door tray so I wonder if this fits the side by side model?
Is this an interchangible part with part # 240323002?
IS 240323000 SAME AS 240323001
My part number for the lowest door bin is 240323000. Will it work?
Will this work with model # FRS26R4CWR ?
I have a Frigidaire Model FGUS2642LF1 serial #4A12016944. 2011 Model, is this product compatible?
if this item Frigidaire 240323001 Door Bin fits model "bfhs2611lmo bottom door bin"?
Hi I need a Fridge Door bin, those are smaller than those in the other door. I just want to know which one it would fit to model FFHS2622MW8?
Hi there will this fit the Kenmore model # 5470340A thanks
Hi there will this fit the model # 5470340A thanks
I have a Kenmore Elite and found the model # for the icemaker was 2198597 at Sears web site. Can I use this product even though it is for Whirlpool?
Does this work with a Kenmore Refrigerator Model 51562103 ?
Does this icemaker fit a Kitchenaid KSRG25 model side by side ice and water in door?
Did you receive what's called "the harness" (the wires) included with this? Just purchased this but didn't get the harness
is this available in different fill cup size. the one i purchused before was a tas too big and would not fit
what is fill cup size? i purchsed an icemaker and fill cup was about 1/2" larger and would not fit.
will this ice maker fit a whirlpool GS6SHEXNBOO?
is it include front cover?
Is this the correct ice maker for a KitchenAid KSBS25INBL00?
is it an assy from Whirlpool or Kenmore? and same assy # 2198678??
Will this work on a Kitchenaid model KEYE670B?
Will this work for a whirlpool lgb6200kq0?
will this fit an estate model # TEDS840JQ2... thank you
What about a Kenmore Model 110.608.12990
Will this product fit to my whirlpool mod: WET3300SQ2 DRYER?? I m looking the one by the door side, i dont know if that is front of back...
Will this product fit to my whirlpool mod: WET3300SQ2 DRYER?? I m looking the one by the door side, i dont know if that is front of back...
Will it fit my Kenmore dryer length of felt is 77 "
Does this include the door chute? All other part schematics for Whirlpool 8201756 show a picture of the chute, also.
Does this work on model ED5VHEXT001
Does this kit come with instructions?
Does this work on model 106.58902801 kenmore
Does this work for a KitchenAid KSRX25FT ?
Will this work on ed5hhaxv003?
Can I buy only the part with the green wire attached ? I have everything else.
Would this be the correct assembly for a Whirlpool Estate Side by Side, Model No. TS25CGXTD00
Does this kit contain the door flap? I didn't see any specifics about the flap. I need the whole kit with the flap in it.
Will this work for a Whirlpool ED5VHEXVB04? I have already purchased a door chute kit but then realized one of the plastic hinges were broken.
Was it hard to get the old one out? Is it just one screw, unhook the front wires and it slides out?
Will this fit maytag dryers
Is this part fits Wirpool dryer GGW9250PW1
Will this work on a whirlpool md wed9450wr0
Are those 1/4 inch quick connect terminals?
Is this part an actual OEM (original equipment manufacturer) product as advertised? The reviews are conflicting.
how do I replace Whirlpool 902894 Door Gasket?
I have Whirlpool model DU 1101 dishwasher which door seal do I need?
What is the length of this gasket? Can't seem to find it listed and some people report it being too short for their model.
Will this product fit a maytag model number mdb7600aww ?
My dishwasher has such a strong suction after running a load that the door is hard to open and then rips the gasket off when you finally open the door
Will this fit Maytag Model DWU9200AAX?
Does this replace part number PS2097160 gasket for a Maytag Dishwasher?
we have a maytag dishwasher model dwv7702 that needs a gasket. will this part fit it or can you tell me which gasket that you sell that will?
how much $ for both part #2159080-fridge, and freezer part #2159081 black gasket seals for whirlpool?
i need a freezer and and refrigerator gasket for model# ED2FHEXsBOO black magnetic
will this work with the FSE447GHS0 MODEL?
WILL THIS WORK ON A FRIGIDAIRE CER3600AS1
Will this work on a frigidaire FDE437GHS0?
Will this kit fit the model LEQ6400FS0
Will this work with the Frigidaire Front Load Coin Operated Electric Dryer - FCED3000WH
I see that the drum bearing kit is compatible with GE Model NVL333GY0WW - do you know if the drum felt glide is also comparable?e
Frigidaire FLSE60RGS1 washer/ dryer combo- will this work and how do you find out?
Is the lower seal supposed to be thinner than the upper seal, or did I receive a defective product? My lower seal is only about 5/16 inch thick.
will the kit work for a dryer frigidaire front load model: AGQ6000ES2. Thank you.
Will it work for Frigigaire GLG02152ES0
Will this work with Kenmore model KSRB25FKSS04? thank you!
Will it fit the latest GE w/french doors?-how many kits i need?
Will this fit model#ed2khaxvq
Will this work with Kenmore model# 59592990?
WILL THIS FIT AN ED5PHEXNL00 WHIRLPOOL
Will this work for whirlpool gold GI5SVAXVL01
Will this fit whirlpool GS6NBEXRL00?
why are there 6 cams in the kit when only 4 are needed?
I am looking for my main refrigerator door to swing back and close by itself.. after I open it. What do you think is wrong and which parts are needed
will this work with whirlpool GS6SHEXNS02, my main door does not swing shut by itself. Will this kit work?
As an "Add-On" kit... will a Whirlpool 8560 Ice Maker work in a Kenmore 62152 Refrige (MODEL #10662152111)? Sears says it might, but wasn't specific.
Can anyone verify that this is the correct kit to add an icemaker to a Whirlpool mod. # ET18GK ? And if so, does this contain ALL parts for an add-on.
Will this fit kenmore 106.44273600?
Does this have a 4 pin wiring harness or 8 pin?
Does this come with everything in the picture? I need the full kit as pictured because I am adding, not replacing the icemaker.
What is the size of the drip pan?
will they fit a glenwood gas stove,and what size are they
what is the outside diameter?
what is the inner hole diameter??
how deep are they?
What is the outer diameter? I need a pan larger than 8.25 inches.
what are the inside and outside diameters and height of these rings?
$38.99 for one filter or 3 filter?
How long on average does the filter need to be replaced\?
Is this filter a filter 4? I ordered the same number that the manual says and got a filter 2, which does not fit
Where is this filter made?
will this work on kenmore 11027072604
will this fit a Whirlpool model#WTW6200VWO washer
Will this fit MVWB880BW0?
Will this fit with Cabrio WTW5840BW0?
Should you/must you wait until the adhesive on the seal is dry BEFORE using or even testing the machine...perhaps overnight?
will it fit in model .#wtw7340xw0 ser.#c04272505
will this fit a WTW6700TW1 washer? thank you.
will this work on a Maytag top loader model number MVWX700XL1
will this work on a kenmore elite he3 11045862400? also - i cannot find the bearing replacement tool online. can you give me a name to search for it
will this fit maytag bravos model mvwx700xw1
What is the drying / cure time for this paint?
would it work on a spot on a sink or tub?
Would this work to cover rust spots on the inside of my Sub-Zero fridge?
Will this work on hotpoint stove or only Whirlpool appliances?
Can I use it inside of a washer? Paint got off little and it causes rust.
Is there an applicator brush?
Does this match with whirlpool ice white colored appliances?
Heat resistant? will it work on a stove top?
Anyone know - Can this paint safe with high heat, as the two big chips I need to fill are along the top edge next to a burner?
We have a chip in the paint on the basin of our washing machine. Is this the correct paint to cover it?
Does this part have 2 harness plugs
Does Frigidaire 154844101 Motor Kit also include the two O-Rings ?
Will this fit model FFBD2405KS0A?
Will this item fit Model fghd2433kf0?
Once removed - does it have enough "stick" to re-use the same piece if I have to get bubbles out?
can it be cut to fit
What is it made of and what do I use to cut to fit?
How cleanable is it?
can it be removed
are there common &amp; ground leads does it matter
I have a Kenmore gas range model 790.78789405 that calls for a bake igniter part PS1528534. Will this part work for me?
is this an oem part
Installation of this part shows an electrical snap on connector. Part shown does not appear to have a connector. How do you connect to oven connector?
Ordered Bosch Part # 492431 and GE WB2X9998 arrived will this part work?
Will this ignitor work in a hgs435uc?
does this igniter fit model hgs232uc
Is this the replacement igniter fir kitchen aid oven KGST307HBL9?
Does this igniter replace the igniter in model number KGST300HBL4?
Does this igniter replace the igniter in model number KGST3000HBL4?
Does this igniter replace the igniter in model number KGST307HBS6? Also do u have other parts for this oven?
does this replace ps404017
Why does the photo show the mounting tab opposite where it should be?
It this the ignitor for Kitchenaid KGDO-245EE double wall oven
Is this the part I need to replace the ignitor on my KitchenAid gas cooktop model KFGS366VSS ? The front left burner will not ignite.
Does this only work with the CO2 treated Heineken and Newcastle mini-kegs or can you plug in any Mini-Keg on the market or a homebrew?
Does this come with a co2 system or do you have to use kegs with co2 like Hineken?
what's the lowest temperature it achieves?
What kind of beer can you use?
Where is the unit made?
How many glasses of beer is in mini keg
How does CO2 work? Or does this mini-keg system only work with pre-conditioned CO2 mini-kegs like Heineken and Newcastle?
will this kit fit Whirlpool WED6400SW1 ?
will this fit kenmore model number 110.72802101?
Is this the right kit for maytag MDE3000AYW
Will this fit Whirlpool Model # LEQ9558KQ0?
will this kit fit model #LGR7646JQ0
do the roller fit maytag PYE2200AYW...Thanks
Will this work on maytag model #LDG9206AAE
Is this kit compatible with Maytag HYG3460AWW? I could verify the belt but am having trouble with the rest.
Is the belt 27 or 29 inches long?
will this kit fit a whirlpool cabrio dryer wgd6400sw1?
is this ice-maker a replacement for model # 235.7923470
Will this unit 626636 replace my Kenmore side by side icemaker #626603? I can't seem to find that model # anywhere. Thank you! Marianne Largo, FL
Hi, will this fit a kenmore side by side mod 106.9555721. number on ice maker is 106-626633. looks identicle.
will this fit a kenmore elite side by side?
Will this unit replace the Amana ice maker 106 626639?
Is there any warranty with this part?
will this replace an amana sxd25jw-p1104001ww ice maker
Will this replace an Amana 106 626639 ice maker?
looking for ice maker for amana model # ARSE66ZBS does this product work with chill zone
will this unit fit Amana TXI21A3L refrig.?
Does this incude the small pump on the bottom of the refrigerator where the water is connected to prior to going into the tray
Will this work with a Jenn-Air JFC2089HES?
Will this ice maker work with Amana model DRS2663BW?
I have amana model tx21vw, will this replacement ice maker fit? thankyou!
hello, i need drip pans and heat elements for my stove : whirlpool Mod. RF302BXKW, THIS STOVE HAS 3 SIX INCHES AND ONE EIGHT ELEMENT , DO YUO HAVE IT
Does it have solid prongs or looped prongs? I just purchased with solid prongs and to does not lay flat
Will this fit in a Maytag model # CRE-300?
does it work with any brand of stove.
will this work with any brand?
will the 6" and 8" heating element fit the whirlpool stove Model No:RF263LXTQ?
will this item fit in a tappan range???
What is the required space with the cover all the way up? So how much space would it need under a counter in order to open the cover completely?
Is it better to use distilled water ordoes tap water give the same clear ice? Thanks
How do you drain the water from the unit?
How much ice does the hopper hold at one time
I am looking for an ice maker for the bar in my media room. How quiet / noisy is this ice maker?
What is the warranty on this unit?
Is the 28 pounds of storage correct? Seems small to hold that much.
how small are the small cubes?? what size?
does the ice stick together after i put it in the freezer?
Is this item available or not?I would actually like to buy it! Please advise me.
what's the ID and OD?
Will this pulley Whirlpool 21001108 fit a Maytag Washer Model mav6000aww
Will this pulley Whirlpool 21001108 fit my Maytag Washer Model mav4757aww
WILL THESE BAGS FIT A KENMORE TRASH COMPACTOR?
Do these fit a KITCHENAID trash compactor?
Is this a cuffed design?
Is this item paper and is it a 15 inch bag?
We have an older whirlpool compactor, with measurements 16x20-1/2 x 9 inces...do you have anything that would fit this?
Will these bags fit a Broan Elite compactor?
is that the same as sears 2213350?
What model number does it fit?
What are the actual dimensions of the filter? Thanks
Is the filter dishwasher safe?
I have a kitchenaid khms2040wss-0. It calls for part number W10208631. Is that the same as yours with the A at the end?
i have a microwave model number# MMV5208WS-1 which filter will be the actual filter?
Is this the grease filter?
Will this fit a KHMS155LSS-3
does these filters fit Whirlpool MH1150XMB-1 BLACK over the range microwave oven
hi, I have whirlpool wmh31017aw-1 --&gt; does this filter fits?
Did anyone use it with model MH6150XMS?
will this fit my WJRR4170GWW washer model?
is this a start knob for GE Dryer model DDG828OS?
Dryer Model DBXR463EG2WW--will this knob fit my dryer?
Will this also fit Washer Model GHWP1000M0WW?
My dryer model number is dbxr463eg6ww will this know fit? and does it have the little metal ring that is needed to install?
My model isn't listed, but looks the same. WPXH214AOWW - picture of the back would be helpful.
Can I see a photo of backside of knob? Need to know if opening is same as what it is replacing.
I have a jen aire and the knob looks like this and the number on the bottom is KIP 5D75 will this knob work? I know that whirlpool makes jenn aire
Will it fit my Maytag MEC5430BDB cooktop?
Does this knob fit Jennair cooktop model jec8430?
Does this knob replace the jennair 5D02?
Is this product made of plastic? I am looking for these in actual chrome not just brushed.
We have an older JennAir cooktop, not range, from 1976. It still works fine. Would these knobs fit it?
You say that it is free shipping in the last answer, but it says that it is $4.99 per knob for shipping??
Can I purchase 4 knobs and save on the shipping, or do I have to pay the shipping charge per knob?
My original knob has KIP 5D75 with a 'D' shaped shaft and a notch at the flat side of the 'D'. Would this knob fit my stove?
I have a LGR4634JQ2 model. is this correct filter?
What are the CORRECT actual dimensions of this filter??? The description on Amazon for this item states : 1.5" X 2.5" X 3.5".
I have a Whirlpool, lint filter #693846, would this one fit?
i have model LGQ9858LW0 that will work
I have an LER7646EQ2 model. Is this the correct filter?
I have a whirlpool LGR7620LWO Serial # mr1017157 will this fit my dryer?
i have the origional Model LG7681XSW; part #3393371 is this the correct replacement?
I have a whirlpool lint filter part # PS1487948 / Dryer model # WGD6400SW2, will this filter fit my machine?
I have a Whirlpool WGD5310SQ0 and the part number for the Dryer Lint Filter is 8557857, would this one fit?
have a kitch air superba with screen part number 349636 what would be the equivalent part for a lint screen filter
This looks like what I need but the dimensions are different: mine is 10 1/2 inches long (longest) and 6 inches wide (widest) whih one do I need? th
Does this screen cover come with the black pins to latch the lint trap (part #8531964)?
Does this fit in Whirlpool Heavy Thin Twin Dryer? Two of the metal latches that snap this into the lint filter have broke on mine.
Hi, does anyone know if this fits a Frigidaire FRC445GM refrigerator?
how do i check out
WILL THIS FIT WHIRLPOOL # ELO5P
Is it the same shape as this key? http://www.amazon.com/Whirlpool-Part-...
Does this work for GE FUF 17SVCRWW?
Does any one know if this is a pentagon shape key?
I need a Key to fit the Amana Upright Model - ESUF20JW Will this Key Fix or do you have one that will?
Does this key fit Kenmore Elite upright freezer?
Does this key kit ALL Frigidaire upright freezers?
does this key have a pentagon or 4 point design?
will it fit Frigidaire fef366awa
Does anyone know if this is compatible with Frigidaire Range Main Board Control? 318012914 is the part number. Thanks!
Will this work to replace the Model# 316418200 or does it require the exact model?
I bought for FGF36CC. Buttons on the this board are not in same order w/ original. Oven &amp; broil still dont work. Bought wrong part#?
My model is 316207511... Will this board work instead?
is this an exact replacement part for 316418200 if not what is and do you have it?
will this fit model fef366cca
My control board goes to a white colored oven. Is the face covering on this board assy. white?
is this the circuit board for frigidaire stove model ffef3018lbb?
Will this replace the Kenmore part with the same part #? 316207511
Does this part come with the sticker that covers the buttons and illustrates the buttons?
After replacing this part my oven randomly turns off and on while baking. Could this be a defective part? Or a different problem?
How long is the warranty on this item?
my model # is 79092423302 and the serial # is vf40217515 is the right part for my stove.
Can this filter work with Samsung RF4287HARS refrigerator?
Do I need to turn off water supply before installation?
Compatible with HAF-CIN filter? (Samsung RF25HMEDBSR)
This filter works great, but the red light alerting me to replace my filter is still on. Is there a way to turn it off?
Is this compatible with Samsung RS265TDWP?
is this filter compatible with samsung rf260beaesl
Can this filter work with Samsung RS265TDRS refrigerator?
Will this filter work with Samsung RF31FMESBSR refrigerator?
will this work in the samsung rsg307aars refrigerator?
Are there any accreditation on this?
does it replace the DA29-00020A?
Will a DA290002B interchange with a DA2900020B?
I need filter HAF-CIN/EXP will this one work for my refri?
Any difference with water pressure compared to the original filter?
Do you have to turn off water when changing filter?
Is there a list of the contaminants which are filtered out?
Is this filter for Refrigerator model RF24FSEDBSR/AA ?
Does this filter have a handle or recessed handle to turn the filter and lock or unlock it. I can't see one in the picture.
Do you have to turn off the water supply before changing this filter?
will it fit model RFG296HD ?
What exactly does the 'Hydro Cell" do? --with reference to it being an advanced water maintenance system with 'activated carbon technology'?
where does the Hydro-Cell go?
Do these fit in the AOS 7146 travel humifier tank?
Is this product compatible with the AOS 7144 which normally takes a Hydrostick?
Is it OK to use Air-O-Swiss Hydro Cell with Vicks Ultrasonic Humidifier Model V5100?
Do these cells fit in the aos 7144?
Do these replace the hydro sticks
Does this replace the hydro stick for the Air-O-Swiss air washers?
My hydro cell does not float in the water -- it sinks to the bottom. Is that okay?
My humidifier has the water tank and then the base where the silver stick used to go. Do I put one of these in the top and one in the bottom?
Can the electrical connection to the hood enter from the top of the unit?
Does the vent exhaust exit from the top of the unit into the ceiling, or does it exhaust into the adjacent wall?
What kind of warranty does this unit come with?
Does this product come with the 2 16" stainless steel chimney ducts as seen in the picture??
what gauge steel is this?
How difficult is it to install?
Will I need to order the chimney extension separate or is this the complete deal? My ceiling is 10 ft. 3 in.
Can i use it in an outdoor bbq/kitchen application?
Does this hood have a recirculating or ductless option?
Can this unit be vented out the back?
Is this hood fire rated? What about outdoor use?
Is the item durable?
Can this hood be vented through the wall instead of the roof? And if yes, do I need any additional venting materials?
Does the hood come with the stainless steel chimney or is that separate?
What are the loops hanging down?
My contractor asked if this hood is "self-ventilating"?,he says my old hood was self ventilating, so there is no venting to outside of house.
Do you have installed manual ? I need to replace my wall mounted hood. The height of the hole at the wall is only 41 inches from the top of stove. I am afraid I don't have enough height to connect the duct to the hole.
Do I need an extension for a 9' ceiling.
How many decibels does this emit when the vent is on the highest setting?
We do a lot of saute and searing cooking + some wok cooking every so often (Asian cooking!). Can the high setting handle this type of cooking?
Can someone tell me the height of hood without counting the chimney ? I need to know it fit the pre-opening on the wall from my old hood.
Where can I get an extension for 11' ceiling
I purchased the Z-line ZLKB30 about a year ago and love it. I recently noticed one of the lights go out which I didn't expect this soon. Doesn't look like the bulb can be changed but the whole assembly. How do i go about ordering this part? Thank you.
What are the width and depth dimensions of the chimney?
can you get a remote control with this hood? And will it accommodate 9' ceilings?
What is the shortest height of the hood and chimney part...only have 10"-12" available due to cabinet.
How easy is this to install under a cabinet. The electrical box is in the cabinet above it. I do not want to install as an exhaust model.
How long is the chimney, I have 9 foot ceilings. Is the exhaust tubing plastic?
Are those loops for hanging things? What is the noise rating?
Can this unit work with 10' ceilings? If so, what would I need? Thank you!!
Is the width exactly 30"? I'm installing wall cabinets now while waiting for shipment. Thanks
What is the warranty on this hood fan?
Is this the appropriate item to order if I have the Z-Line KB 30" (ZLKB30)? I'm not ducting the range to the outside.
My range hood is model #AKDY AZ H601C 90. Will these filters fit? Thanks!
if i have a vent that i am using, and i put this thing too. is this will give me any benefit ?
How often do you replace filters?
Will this fit over the top of a 7 inch wide vent pipe?
Will this work on a Firebird 30" wall mount range hood w/ gas sensor FBGV-10Z-30? Need to know so I can purchase both.
i have a 10 1/2 foot ceiling... will this attach to the pieces that came with the hood so that I can get the maximum height?
Will this extension work with Z Line ZL36ar697? If not, can you give me the model number of the extension that fits?
Can you couple 2 of these together for tall ceilings?
Does this work for an island hood or is it only for a wall mount? thank you!
Have 12 foot ceiling. What can I do? Would two extensions fit together?
I ordered the extension and it does not slides into the piece that comes with the hood?
I am planning to purchase Z Line ZLKB36 and the ZLine ZLEXTKF11 extension. Please advise if this is the correct extension. Whats correct roof cap sz
Does the GV 7" Range Hood Carbon Filter Ductless Installation Kit work with this hood. So it will be unvented? http://amzn.com/B005OLT538
is it plug in or does it need to be wired?
is it plug in or does it need to be wired?
what kind/size light bulb does this use? are they replaceable when they burn?
what is the baffle filter?
What gauge is the stainless steel?
What gauge is the stainless steel?
Can this be vented out through the wall behind the chimney?
Can you give me the link to buy an extention for this hood? (9 foot ceiling). I see people asking and answering, but no link. thanks!
where do you get the extension kit?
will this part fit a CSX27DR Side by Side Hotpoint Fridge
Will this part fit a GE Profile Side by Side, model TFH27PR?
I have a GE top freezer, with bottom fridge needing part #WR51x0368, will this part work or does it have to be exact?
Will this work on a Hotpoint CSX20BABK WH side by side? It looks identical to my current set up. Same color wires and wiring harness looks exactly the same.
is it guarenteed
What is the stainless steel gauge thickness? Is it 19 gauge thick
do I need an adapter to vent out a standard rectangle wall vent, or is it included?
I need to cut the chimney as it is too long. Any suggestions?
Direct wire or plug-in. Can this be back vented on the wall
Does this model have a clock on the display? Thanks
I ca't tell the color of the Hood? Cooper?
I don't have power where the fan will be on. Where should the outlet be installed if the fan's installed 30" above the stove? link to instructions?
Can this be vented straight out but off center?
My wall only comes down 22 inches can I still use this
Could I get an installation manual on line? I missed the hard copy.
Can this range hood be vented? Not sure if the stated ventless option is the only option.
why does it look copper color in the pictures if it is silver
Is it stainless steel silver color or copper color
What is the total height measurement of the hood from the bottom edge (where the control panel is) to the shortest setting of the chimney?
Can this unit be vented through the wall?
What distance from the cooktop should the hood be mounted please?
My parents are redoing their kitchen. Does this fit their needs if they want to vent it to the outside of the house?
can i use it for 7ft ceiling?
what is the dimensions on the flute?
Where can I buy the carbon filter for this item?
I see where users have fit a 1/6 keg and 1/4 slim at the same time. Has anyone tried to fit two 1/4 slim kegs? Thanks.
What size Co2 container does this come with?
Is this set up to run two ball lock kegs at once? Does the CO2 run to both kegs?
Do German kegs (ie. Spaten, Paulaner) fit in this unit?
How much does this unit weigh?
I have 31 inches under a counter. Without the wheels and rail, how big is the unit?
Can the CO2 tank be mounted outside of the kegerator?
is the door reversible?
Does this easily fit two 5.5gall kegs inside?
Does it come with any couplers?
I have a low celiing and it is 7 feet and 8 inch from floor to the celing. Is there shortenning kit?
Can this be mounted on a sloped ceiling?
is this range hood 30" inch wide because it's showing different on product description
Is this a ductless vent? Does it have to be vented to the outdoors? Or does it recirculate the air indoors (ductless)?
What is the size / are the dimensions of the box?
Is the dimension exactly 29.5" and 23.6"? Do you have an installation manual online?
Does the control panel include a timer as well as a clock? thanks.
is this ducted,ductless,convertible?
Would this hood be enough for a 30 inch stove? im concern for the size in the island since steam and such dissipates easily without walls around.
js this easy to use
Is the Panda Small Mini Tumble Dryer ventless? I have no way of venting a dryer and I don't want lint flying all over my apartment. Any input?
How hot does this dryer get? I have seen people complain that it only gets warm, which makes no sense when drying jeans.
I read i dont need to vent this? is that correct? or do i need to get some sort of indoor vent? sorry just confused a wee bit.. thanks
What is the size of the drying drum in cubic feet; in other words, drying capacity?
Can the dryer set directly on carpet?
Can this dryer handle bedding? I have a full-size bed and I wonder if I'll still have to find quarters to dry my blankets.
How big is the opening through which you put clothes in the dryer?
What are the dimensions of this item? Height, width, depth, and weight?
I have the Panda washer, which does not spin. Do you put the clothes into the dryer dripping wet?
will it fit my Kenmore washer model 1105072011?
Is this part fit for Amana 3.4 cu ft?
what is the dimension of the bottom of the dispenser?
Does this fit all washers, or only the Whirlpool ones? I have a Frigidaire...
What is the length?
What did everyone do about the end not being included? It would have been nice if the description would have mentioned that there is only 1 end fitting!
What is the hose diameter? Connection to the drainpipe is 7/8. Hose from dishwasher starts out at 1/2, then goes to 3/4 and then to 7/8.
Could the seller please confirm the length of this hose. Why isn't the length in the desciption? It would be stupid to assume it is the length I need.
can this 12 foot hose be cut to 10 foot
Will this part fit Whirlpool Model MH6140XKQ. If not, do you have a replacement Grill Vent?
is the color of this vent grill black
Will this vent grill fit whirlpool mh8150xjt1 ? thanks, Ron O.
will it fit Kenmore mod#665-68601891
WILL THIS PART FIT MY MICROWAVE MMV1153BAW
Will this fit a Roper microwave model # MHE14XMQ-2 ?
I have a Magic Chef CTB1821arw that does NOT have a factory ice maker in it. Is this the proper kit to install one?
Does this supercede the UKI1000? Newer model, same fit?
I have Maytag refrige with no ice maker. On model number plate, this part number is for ice maker. Can I install new, or only replace existing?
I have a Magic Chef CTF2126ARU fridge is this correct part
I have a Maytag PTB2149FR is this the correct ice maker for my model?
I have a maytag mtb2156ge refridgerator. is this the correct ice maker for my maytag model?
what size is the co2 tank?
This will be my first kegerator. Do I need to buy a keg? Rent one? How long will the beer be good for? Any extras I need to buy besides the keg? Th
Is the CO2 canister included?
What is the largest size C02 canister size you can fit inside the unit?
Will 2 5 gallon kegs fit in this kegerator?
Can I screw on different Tap handles?
can I use external co2 with this? Not use the tanks they give?
I want to install this under a counter. Does the rail come off or will it have to be removed. Also will having it confined on 3 sides be bad for it?
Is the interior black or white? Product pictures are conflicting.
Not clear on what is included. Does this come with a: CO2 regulator, CO2 tank, keg valve connection, and serving tap?
Will this filter work with the french door fridge model #B26FT70SNS
Does it replace 641425
Thermador fridge. Model Number: T301R70NSP/08. Need water filter. Thermador's item number is 740570. Bosch makes these. Part# and cost or link. Arif
will this work in Thermador freezer T181?
Does this filter work for Bosch b22cs80sns?
Will this filter work for a Bosch, 2-sided, refrig model number B20CS80SNS? If not, which one will?
Is this compatible with t36it800np?
I'm looking for a filter for thermador 48 inch side by side part # 00750673 will this work?
Is this compatible with part number 101443-A, have Thermador T361T70NNP/05
What are the measurements?
Does this really accommodate pots/pans? Thanks in advance
How many spray arms does the unit have? Is it only the one on the bottom?
How long are the hoses?
How long is the power cord?
How do you hook it up?
what about warranty?
So do you roll it out towards the sink when you want to run it? The hoses come out the back of the unit, right?
Does the unit come with the adapter for the faucet?
Is there a spray arm for upper rack.
Photos are white but listing says product color is Stainless Steel, which is it? (I am looking for white.)
What are the INTERIOR dimensions of this product? I need to know if it will accommodate my large dinner plates. Thank you!
When it runs, is it loud?
Can something be secured to the top surface magnetically?
Does the dishwasher have any kind of drying feature?
What is the height with out wheels?
How long are the pipes/hoses? If short, what would you recommend using to make them longer?
When this product is shipped to my house (in it's package) will it fit thru my 30" wide door?
Do you allow local pickup?
How does the door attach to the main unit?
How often should it be cleaned?
Can this be installed flush inside a wall or does the whole thing- duct and filter- have to be exposed? I would like a finished look.
Can this be mounted sideways? I don't have space to mount it vertically.
Can this lint trap be used without a dryer booster? The dryer is 6 feet from the outside vent.
I have had one of these for years but the filter part itself wore out and I can't find anything to replace it. Any suggestions?
is one end crimped? It looks like both ends are male?
Would this boost the flow of exhaust out of an electric LG dryer with Flow Sensor? Currently, my vent is too long for machine to function properly.
do you have to have a dryer booster fan to use this secondary filter? Or can you just use it in addition to the one in the dryer?
I have this lint trap, but it doesn't seal tightly, so the damp air and lint blow back inside my laundry room (albeit microscopic bits). Ideas?
Do the knobs in front get in the way when placing or removing a pot or pan? It looks like they stand proud of the cooking surface.
What is the width and length of each of the grates, especially the center one? Thx
Is this oven only convection or is there an option to cook without convection?
One of the reviews on another site mentioned a faulty timer/beeper noise. Has anyone else had this issue? Thanks in advance!
What are the dimensions of the oven? I need to know the height specifically.
How many BTU have each burnner?
Is the reversible grill seasoned or do you need to do that yourself?
is it propane gas
Does this oven have a cooling fan to keep the electronic controls cool when baking (not the convection fan)? If so, is that fan loud?
how many cu.ft is it?
How deep is this in inches?
Is this a stackable unit
With the rpm vibration, could this be placed on the 2nd floor?
Can you use most common detergents or Tide pellets? Any recommended products?
Hi. I looking for small washer for my apartment. Its good for ~400-500sq ft apartment. And what dimensions are? or you know better the this model ?
Matching dryer?
How much water does it use? And why can't I find this info in the specs and description?
does it have an internal heater?
my countertop is 37 inches. is the height adjustable to that ?
does this stove have a self-cleaning oven?
Is it nessary to have a venterhood for the cooktop?
how do these ranges vent the oven? Is it ONLY downdraft or is it self contained model that does not need to be vented to outside? The fan?
What is the fan running while using the stove top?
Does this range come in white?
in the technical details it states that this range is 120 volts? is that correct??
What brand under cabinet hood do you use for this oven? I don't want a microwave over my oven but a under cabinet hood. What brand?
how is this range different from NE38F9710WS. as it is $300 less in price?
How insulated is the oven? Will thermofoil cabinets melt or warp?
Is it easy to toast in the upper oven? Are there presets to quickly toast bread or buns? We are looking to ditch the toaster oven.
Does it come with down-draft? Or, are we supposed to have an overhead hood for ventilation?
Does your display area stay warm even when the range is off?
How fast is the fast boil -- to boil a pot of water, for example (I know it can vary, but would like a rough sense of how it compares). Thanks!
IS IT SELF CLEANING?
Can you install the range when delivered?
We just received this oven. Does it include a power cord?
Do you provide taking away the old appliance? Is there an additional fee?
does it come in white
Why is this stove $1795 w/ free shipping on Amazon, but $1696 w/ free shipping on the Goedeckers site?
I have a Fridgidaire FRS3R4EW0 will this fit?
I have a Frigidaire with a bin number PS430121 will this fit
Will this fit frigidaire freezer model fffh17fqt?
I have a Frigidaire FRS20ZRGD8 will this fit
I have a Fridgidaire FRS26rlecs2. Will this work?
I have model ffhs23222mw2 will this fit?
I have a Frigidaire FRS6HR5HMB6, it says this fits but I worried since it doesn't show this number on your page. Will this fit?
Will this fit with FGUS2642LF1?
I have an FFHS2611LWHA, will this work?
Do these ovens vent outward, toward you if you are standing in front of it ... or is it made to vent upward, out the upper back of the unit?
can you use the top oven for toast? Want to get rid of 4 toaster if i can
Found the slider lower rack to be very difficult to install. It appears too wide and will scratch surface if forced. Any suggestions?
Are the oven racks porcelain?
Do you need to buy any extra cords or parts for installation?
Is there a recommended Griddle pan accessory that works best with this model?
Does the delivery company perform the installation, or do I need to contract an installer?
Is the stainless traditional style which shows fingerprints, or does it have any type of smudge-proof coating?
How does this compare to the GE Profile Induction Range? Better or worse?
We are replacing a range and the space has a 30.25 inch opening, will this fit? It says it's 31.5, but is that with the overhanging range top?
Does this come with what is needed to have the dishwasher drain run into it and a power cord? We are installing this new and need to make sure that our dishwasher can still drain through the sink drain.
I have a wall switch. My current insinkerator has a cover that will activate the unit.Will the cover control plus unit operate the same way ?
I have an Insink Erator model # Pro 17-6, serial # 05011534733. batch feed. It no longer works. Will this Insink Erator fit in where myoldmodelfits?
Can someone tell me if I can use a third party (Kohler) flange with this disposal - i.e, will the motor still activate using the Inkinkerator stopper?
I am replacing a 1HP Kitchenaid that is 14 years old. Should I be concerned about downgrading the HP?
What is the water capacity in this unit?
Does it work with the InSinkErator STS-00 Dual Outlet SinkTop Switch?
does it come with a power cord attached ?
what are the dimensions from the bottom of the sink to the bottom of this disposal once installed?
How does the cover control work? If you have to keep water running AND put the cover on how does the water get into the disposal while its running?
what is the capacity and can you use tap water or does it need to be purified
Can you turn the lights off?
any thought s on if this would be too big for a baby's room?
Is the outer material of this machine real wood, or plastic?
The product description says "reuse for two years". What does that mean? How long does the product work to effectively absorb odors?
Mine will not stick to the refrigerator. How do you make this happen?
Do you have to soak these bags in water first? I had some prevously that you had to soak and it was sort of a pain...Thanks
For how long do I have to put the bag in the sun to refresh ?
Is this the 75g size?
What is the difference between this unit and the O3 Pure Eco Laundry Ozone Washer System? How would you choose between the two?
Is it safe for septic tanks?
This sounds too good to be true. Is it? Without being too scientific, how dooes it work?
does it really get whites clean?
Does this unit have to be serviced? Does the unit require replacement filters - etc. after a period of time?
What voltage does the wash it have? Is it available in 220 V?
What voltage does the wash it have? Is it available in 220 V?
I have an older style washer does this system work for all types of washers?
My wash-it light isn't working. We washed 3 loads and now the light will not come on. We have slowly moved the lever from standard to HE and back.
Does it come with good directions?
Does the griddle come with the stove or is this an extra purchase
I am putting this in an island. Do I need a downdraft or range hood?
how hard is it to keep the stainless under the grates on the top clean - can you use scouring pads?
how does it vent
Does this come with the full manufacturers warranty? Do you deal with GE directly if there is a problem?
Does it has a lock option? I was wondering if this product has a lock option in order to prevent a kid that could open the valve.
The bottom oven light stays on even though the top oven light is off. It doesn't matter that we touched the keypad to turn the oven lights off! HELP
What is meant by a slide in sealed burner
Does it come with the spacer for the top of the counter
Do you have to "prepare" the center top iron grill before cooking on it? The first use, the food stuck to it!
we need to know is if we can LOWER the pedestal feet? We hve cupboards in place and it looks to be about 1 1/2 more space is needed. Is this possible
How large is the actual tub? Is it good for washing rugs and comforters? Large capacity?
Can I arrange for installation when purchased?
are they stackable
is the overall height WITH the pedestals 55"?
How do you turn down the cycle chimes that let you know cycles are done... the sound is SO LOUD! I cant find it anywhere in the manual..
Does the washer drain completely after each wash cycle? No water left to generate odor, etc?
Does extended warranty cover complete set? Did any of you buy the warranty &amp; has it been worth the money spent?
Does the extended warranty cover the set or do you have to buy one for both the washer &amp; dryer? Did you buy the extended warranty &amp; feel it's worth $
are the pedestals adjustable in height?
What size drain pan will pit under the washer?
Will they wash and dry a comforter?
Does this price include the power cord and flex duct?
Are these units stackable? If so, what is the total height when done so?
Are these made in the USA?
What side are the door hinges on both?
Does the washer have an internal heater?
what is the width of these?
Can you please send the specific SKU (product) ID numbers?
Is the steam feature optional for this product?
will this part work on my ge pss26ngpa
the wr55x1942,serve my glm23rewa gs?
compatible whit WKKT01520003?
For the seller only please- is this genuine GE new stock, or is it aftermarket?
"Good morning. I have a GE refrigerator and I need to change the main control board "200D6221G010". Does "GE WR55X10942" works perfectly?"
will this work for my ge gss25sgmd fridge? It doesn't look the same
Where is the control board located?
Good afternoon. This tablet serves the GE model GLM23REW?
Will this part work on my GE GLM23QETA GS
Will this part fit GE Model # GSL22JFPHBS ?
what is the most time that you can set on this unit
what is the difference between the pIC2 and Pic Pro?
Is the lowest temperature low enough for melting chocolate and such things?
If I order this through amazon do I have contact with the NuWave website? I have noticed poor comments with their site.
Has anyone made bone broth via induction? Must simmer slowly &amp; consistently for 24-48 hrs in an 8-12 qt pot. (My crock pot won't get hot enough.)
Is this good for making tortillas (cheese crisps etc.)?
Is it true that this runs off a battery?
Can this cooktop be used with a 10 quart stainless steel pressure cooker / canner? I'm concerned about the weight damaging the cooktop.
Are these units sturdy enough to handle big pots of water for canning?
I am looking for the most recent one to buy &amp; am new to this, is this the newest model?
I live in INDIANA can I order R22 with OUT any License ?
Can I FAX my universal refrigerant license to you or must it be mailed?
Will R-134 freon technically work in a system that uses R-22? or R-12? The term "work" is a scientific term of physics/Mechanical Engineering
it is illegal to purchase r22 without a EPA certification do you make customers aware they are committing a felony?
Can I purchase this Item and submit a letter of intent to have a certified tech use it on my unit?
I have my Universal license will a photo copy of that be ok all the forms i've stored in one of many of boxes this is what I always use locally
I plan to supply R22 to installer. How is the correct EPA form obtained?
What is the storage life of the r22 in the canister? I 'd like to keep a canister on hand for future recharges by my HVAC tech.
Is this price still good??
what is the connection fitting size/ type?
Does the oven have a conventional bake mode or only convection?
Is there a matching stainless steel hood/fan for this unit?
I do not have an overhead hood; do I need to purchase a pop-up vent for this or does it come with one? Thanks!
I would like to use the range as a stand alone slide in. Is there a kit required?
How can I cook pancakes in this? I tried using two skillets on the front burners, but they heat up at different rates and it didn't seem to work well.
Does this range require a countertop along the back?
can I use non stick pans?
Mine keeps turning off suddenly and very randomly. It had no issues for first 3 months.
Just hooked up my new ge induction range and the timer does not count down. The clock works fine. Circuit breaker reset twice. Any thoughts please?
Can I use a 14'' pan, the All-Clad 6qt saute pan, on this? Or will the sides of the pan. It heat up right?
Is this a ducted hood?
Are there controls on both side of this unit?
Do the lights swiivel?
is the back side finished and self contained?
Is this a direct wired hood?
What is the wattage of each LED?
can this be converted to non-ducted hood?
IT says it a 36 inch but dimensions say 32 whats up
HELP:)Minimum height it can be installed? I have 46" from ceiling to stove top. Can metal worker shorten the chimney or remove one section of chimney ? :) Thanks
What are the box measures, for shippment cost calculation purposes?
Does it vent out the back or the top
Is this vent meant to be installed under a cabinet or can it be freely mounted?
Is this a 120V hook up?
Is this ductless,or does it needs to be vented?
does the glass stain
Do you find the controls on the back awkward to adjust while hot food is cooking up front? It seems like I will end up with burned forearms!
Are the biggest eyes in the front of the range? The one I have seen are like that making difficult to reach controls in the back, when a big pot in us
Is the bottom baking element exposed or hidden? Thank you
how does the self cleaning oven work?
does it need a separate vent hood
Can you use two burners at once with a cast iron griddle? Is it picky about matching the size of the pot to the burner size?
How do you get a 3 year warranty?
Will it use the water from the melted ice to make new ice cubes?
What are dimentions of icemaker
How does it drain?
I've had mine for a month now,and it used to make ice that was"softer",easy to crunch. All of the sudden it is making ice that is really hard. Why?
What size are the small cubes? I am looking for Sonic size ice to chew.
Some Samsung Front Load Washers have the driain pump in a compartment in the front bottom of washer to clean filter. Not on mine?
Trying to turn the impeller by hand and it gets to a point where it is really hard to move. Is this a sign its broke? Do the new ones turn smooth?
Does this part fit Samsung washer model: WF316LAS/XAA?
Hello-Purchasing the DrainPump DC96-01414A FOR WF337AAR SAMSUNG FRONT LOAD WASHER, I am curious if this washer has a filter for the drain pump?
does this fit drain pump samsung wf328aaw
Hi, This looks like the same pump I am look to replace on my Amana Front Loder. Would you know if this is a commonly used pump?
Will this part fit a samsung washing machine model number wf337aar/xaa
Does this pump fit model# WF316BAC/XAA?
How easy is it to move around? Is it very heavy?
does this come with a warranty? If so how does it differ from a new dryer?
Does it make your electric bill high?
Can an indoor vent kit be used with this?
Is there a way to route the ribbon electrical connector of a Cigar Oasis humidifier to the outside of the unit - thru the bottom or back?
One more Question. The Product Dimensions reads 20X17X28.8 is this the interior or total including the outside? I need the interior specks. Thanks
I bought the CC 280-E last year after an exhaustive internet seach and the cedar lines one was not available. Can I buy the cedar inserts only?
Does this come with any humidification unit?
What is the tempture range of this unit ? I live in a hot dry desert climate and my Barn/Bar can really heat up in the summer.
will this work to replace 9000077104 filter ?
Specs say gallon capacity (300) is half of OEM (740). So do you end up changing 2X as often and savings are nil?
Is this a replacement for the filter in a Thermador column freezer T24ID80NLP/36?
Will this replace Bosch 740570 filter? Thanks.
Will this work to replace 740560 filter?
Will this work if I am replacing an Ultra Clarity 9000 194412 filter. I have a Bosch French door frig 6 mo old. Thanks
Will this work if I am replacing an Ultra Clarity 9000 194412 filter. I have a Bosch French door frig 6 mo old. Thanks
Is this a replacement for the filter in a Thermador Freedom Collection T18IF70NSP?
will this work in place of the 9000225170 ultra clarity for the Bosch filter
Why can't it be used in an unheated area, as one person commented?
NSF approved?
Do any of you use a surge protector with this?
How many amps does this pull at 120 volts?
How many amps does it draw?
I just received this freezer and on the back there is a round white sticker and underneath there is a lump Does anybody else have this on theirs?
can it be used in a unheated garage ?
what are the interior dimensions?
do you have to defrost this freezer? If so how difficult is it to do? Assisted living unit thanks
what are the demensions
What depth in inches is this model?
what is the deph without door ?
Is it smudge proof?
Does this come with a 10yr major component warranty, do you recommend an extended warranty add-on?
Does this have the smudge proof finish?
Can you tell me what the width measure is on the back side. I believe the 36" is the measure on the front doors.
what is the depth without handles?
What color are the sides? Grey, Black, or stainless steel?
what is shipping weight
Can it wash 1 or 2 towels at a time?
Do you need to add water for it to rinse?
does this hook up to a kitchen sink
Is using bleach and hot water an issue? Or is the alternative Oxiclean? I have a lot of whites that need to be thoroughly cleaned.
how many pounds can i put in ?
how to use it without getting caught by the owner water usage i want to buy one
what are the dimensions and is this 110V?
I'm debating between this and the Panda Small Mini Portable Compact Washer Washing Machine 5.5lbs Capacity. Which one is better??
How tall is the unit with the lid up? I want to use this on the bench seat in the shower of our sailboat
Can I use this for delicate items and hosiery such as tights?
Can the light be turned off?
Is this rechargeable?
What size is it ?
Does it need wicks or filters
Does this product use wicks
Is this actually wood or plastic that looks like wood? Thank you.
Does this diffuser have a timer?
Ultrasonic vs electric
does it leave white dust?
can I put orange blossom water or roses water instead of tap water ?
Does this have auto shut off when the water gets low?
I am having problems with this item...it will not stay on ...it runs for maybe 3 minutes and shuts off...am I doing something wrong?
Can you use citrus oils in this diffuser?
Can the lights be turned off completely?
Is this made of plastic or metal as described?
Is it one side or do you get both sides for $4.99?
Give me the dimensions of product?
Is the black one flat or shiny ?
What is this set of gap caps made out of to cost $65.00 and $4.49 shipping?
I see this can be cut. Do you think I could theoretically remove one half of top edge and what's left can fill gap btwn end of counter and fridge?
It says this 'comes in 4 colors' but I see no option to select color when ordering. Does that mean 1 order comes with 1 of each of 4 colors?
I have similar gap btwn end of counterop and (obviously taller) fridge next to it. Any ideas for how to fill THAT gap? Tx!
how do you cut them to make them shorter?
do you have this in chrome and longer than 20 1/2 inches?
is the glass smoked?
Is this an island mount or a wall mount? The description says island, but the model number says wall mount.
Could it be used if you have a 7' ceiling?
Does this item have multiple speed options?
Can this product be used in an incubator? I like to count my chickens before they hatch.
Was this product designed to drive sufferers of OCD insane? Holds 14 eggs, and yet eggs are sold by the dozen. My eyes!
IS this just for chicken eggs? Can I put say, duck eggs in it? Will it work with brown eggs? The image only shows white eggs.
Will the "running low on eggs" feature be interfered with when being handled by a woman in her mid thirties?
$78 to monitor a $2 carton of eggs?
Do the eggs still have to be in their shells for this to work?
Do I have to worry about hackers breaking into it? Will that break the eggs? Is there a virus checker for it?
Not "View amount of eggs...", NUMBER of eggs. Thank you
How does the product determine the freshness of your eggs? Is it timer-based, or is there some sort of sensor?
Will this work without the add-on of a Clever Egg Cracker?
will this unit work horizontal vent ( wall vent)
I assume the stainless vertical pipe is trim, and there is flexible or some other duct inside it. Can anyone tell me the WIDTH of the vertical trim?
Does this unit have an auto "on" feature? If so, how about auto "off?"
I have purchased the charcoal filters...I desperatley need some instruction to install this and make it a non vented hood
my firebird range hood has not yet arrived, but my electrician is here today &amp; needs to know where to install the plug in for this unit. Does anyone
what is the cfm settings?
I have a 10' ceiling...where do I order the extension?
Do you sell extensions to fit nine foot ceilings?
Will this unit work with an 84" ceiling (7ft)? The chimney appears to come in 2 sections. Could I just leave off the second piece?
is it horizontal venting or vertical venting
I have 9' ceilings. How high does the vent go?
Does the vent exit from the top or back of the hood?
Is it direct wire or plug in?
what kind of light bulbs does this take?
Where does this plug from? right above then covered with the vent stack?
The picture shows the lighting in the FRONT, but there is a review stating the lights are located in the BACK. So which is correct?
what's the voltage usage of this item
What is the width of the vent stack?
Should I take out the charcoal filters if I'm venting to the outside?
I want to vent out the rear wall instead of through the roof. Can the duct bend into a 90 degree turn?
Do you sell a bearing kit for the Frigidaire GLTF1040AS0 Frontloader (MFG date 11/02)? If so, can you please attach the link? Thanks.
looking for kit to fit frigidaire GLTF1670ASO
I have a Frigidaire FTF530FSO Front loading washer. What kit is correct for this model? Thanks Charles
Do these bearings need to be greased or do they come greased and sealed?
What kit is required for Frigidaire FWR449GFS1
Are these the correct bearings for the Frigidaire FWT445GES2? If not, would you provide a link if you have the correct size? Thank you!
Hi I have a Frigidaire GCEH1642FSO front load washer/dryer comboI am looking for the Washer Tub bearings for this model Thanks Rene
Hi I have a kenmore elite he5 washer do you carry the correct bearing and seal set for this
Do you have the tube kit for kenmorefrontload washer elitemodel 11047892702.bought 2001 thx nancy
I have a front load whirlpool washer model # wfw9500tc01. My rear outer tub Bearing broke. I want to know if replacement part w10253866 will work/fit
Who make this bearing?High Quality Front Load Kenmore Washer Tub Bearing and Seal Kit Fits Tub W10253864
I have a kenmore He4t model 11045981400. Will it work for mine?
Are the bearings and seal, all OEM?
hello, are these nachi bearings? thanks
Is this the right set for Whirlpool Model ghw9100lw1
I need a bearing and seal kit for a Kenmore model 417.29042992. Do you have the part for this model?
I need a set of bearings and seal for a Kenmore Model 417.43142200. Are these the ones that will match? Thanks John
good day I need bearings and seal kit for model whirlool wfw9300vu02
Was told the bearings for the Whirlpool WFW9200SQ00 were serviced only with the rear tub. Can you indeed replace bearings only? Thanks
I have a whirlpool #wfw550ww00 with a bad tub bearing. Is this the correct replacement and do I need to replace the tub as well?
My whirlpool washer model is WFW9150WW01, will this bearing fit?
what bearing and seal kit do i need for kenmore 110.47761800 washer
I show that for Whirlpool GHW9100LW, the tub is W10253864, so your bearing is B00GSES3ZG. Is this correct?
I see the tub kit comes with a tube of amblygon grease. Should we be using grease anywhere with this bearing kit?
I can replace the bearings only for GHW9100LW? Normally you have to buy the whole outer rear tub.
Will this fit GHW9300PW4
Do you have the kit for wfw9750ww01? thank you
Do you have the bearings for Whirlpool model YWFW9151YW00?
Has anyone installed this on a 30" fridge?
does this come with the spacer that is shown in several youtube videos? or do you simply slide it on after removing the duckbill grommet?
Does this part come with both sizes to fit a Kitchen Aid KBFS22EWMS4 whether 30" or 33"/36"?
Will this work on Whirlpool model GX5FHTXVY010?
Will this fit Maytag model MBR2258xes1
Does this piece fit a 36" Whirlpool French 4-door, model # GZ255SRXYY2 ? Thanks!
Does this part work for the 36" side by side refrigerator? In the video, they talk about a 30" and 33", 36" part. Which one is this?
Will this work on the 36" model? The kit I got from Sears only has what appears to be the 30" part.
does this fit a Maytag MFF2258VEB4?
Does anyone have longterm experience with this fix? We installed this replacement 6 months ago, but we have leaks again.
Do you guys send to GA.?
what are the dimensions?
Is this fridge the same like the ones at Home Depot, Lowe's and Best Buy: LMXS30776S model nb?
Does delivery include installation?
Does the right hand side door have enough storage for a gallon of milk? I haven't been able to find pictures.
Can the middle drawer be changed from freezer to fridge? does it have individual temperature control?
What is the weight?
warrantee - how do we get it fixed after its delivered?
Can I get the refrigerator in white not stainless steel?
How many lbs. does it wash
Would someone who purchased this washer please measure the length, width, and height of this product?
Does it have a drain hose to empty the water with, or must you turn it over to drain it?
I ask this item washer and dryer or only washer
How does it get rid of the water? Does it spin or just drain?
Does it have a rinse cycle?
How long is the drain hose? Would it fit into a wall drain for a regular washing machine?
What brand and how much detergent should be measured for one use per load ? Low sudsing detergent ? Powder ?
I see a few complaining about leaking if you over-fill. Does it leak from the top cover or from somewhere else? Can't it be taken apart and sealed?
how much does it weigh?
Does this mode vent out the wall or ceiling?
having problems with the function. Comes on and in about ten seconds shuts off then the lights start to blink off and on. Is this fixable or defective
In the middle of the night, our newly installed vent lights go on. Have to turn off with remote; panel controls flash for 15 min afterwards.
Does this have a grease collection tray or tunnel? if not how does the grease get collected and cleaned?
Does this come with the vent kit to vent outside
One review says it is not stainless steel. Can someone confirm that it matches their other stainless steel appliances? Thanks
Has anyone installed this with the duct that came with it (the plastic one) or has everyone gotten a different metal one?
will this hood fit 9' ceiling? or do I need to order an extension?
Your description states 8 to 8.5 telescopic stainless steel chimney. I have only received 2 stainless pieces measuring 15 3/4 inches each.
Hello, I left a comment earlier about how mine won't stop beeping and flashing on and off when we try to turn it off, please help
What is the best method for sealing these mylar bags? How long will they keep staple foods such as beans, rice and lentils fresh?
Do all the O2 absorbers have to be used at once or are the individually sealed?
What thickness are these bags? (4.5, 5, 7 mil)?
Could you be more clear regarding holes in the mylar vs holes in the foil and what makes your product superior?
I just received these today and the indicators on the O2 absorbers are both pink but sealed are they still usable
Would these bags be suitable for filling with a boiling liquid? Or would that melt them?
will mylar bags protect against EMP for electronics ?
Using these bags to store dry dog food in a #2 plastic container. Are the bags shipped so that they do not get creased causing leaks?
What thickness are these bags? (4.5, 5, 7 mil)?
Can a 5 gal Home Depot (Orange bucket) be used with these bags even though they are not "Food Grade"? Doesn't the Mylar protect the food anyway?
Is the Range dishwasher safe?
Can I use this with two iphones instead of an iphone and an ipad?
does the thermometer only work when plugged into an ios device?
why only ios?
When do you expect an ANDROID (85% Worldwide Marketshare) App?
If plugged into an iPad, can it send push notifications to an Android?
Can alerts be sent to android devices? do alerts show real-time readings?
The title says "round tip" but in description says "sharp tip" which is it?
Can this thermometer be calibrated?
Is Range a thermistor or thermocouple thermometer?
How much does this freezer hold.
Is it just a freezer or a fridge/with freezer?
is it only a freezer or a refridgerater with freezer. Looking for just a freezer.
What is the Energy Compsumtion of this Chest Freezer or the Amps or Wattage. Thank you!
Can this be kept outside on a patio? It's a covered cement patio if that makes a difference.
Does anyone know the inside dimensions? Thank you!
how is defrost handled-what about electric needs
Is the ice solid and hard or is it chompable? I would love true nugget ice but only large commercial machines make it.
can you leave the ice in the ice maker or does it need to be removed after it is done
Does the ice come out with an off smell or taste from the inside of machine being all pastic?? I just bought a different brand with this issue??
I bought this ice maker and started out making big ice cubes and switched to small cubes but cant tell difference in ice , am i doing something wrong
whats the storage capacity
How many amps does the ice maker take? We were going to use it for camping.
when the ice melts does it remake or drain out?
Mine came without manual, and the ice full led is on. it doesn't start. how can i solve it? in the avalonbay site the manual download link is broken.
Can this be run from a generator??
Does it start making ice as soon as it is attached to power? I'd like to put it on a plug-in timer so ice is ready for my morning smoothie.
How does this drain?
does it keep recycling water once ice melts?
Does it hook up to water
What size are the cubes &amp; are they soft or hard?
What is the difference between the Avalon Bay AB-Ice26B, the 26R and the 26S?
does it hold ice allso or do you have to empty the ice out to keep it from melting?
Is this unit loud or quiet
What are the dimensions of the machine?
Does anyone know where the sensor is for full basket? Mine is reporting basket full when it has no ice in it. Thanks.
Do the ice cubes have holes in them?
does this make clear ice? are they square or cresent shaped?
If I set the size to large will they all be large or will some be small?
Is it possible to use the voltage of 220 volts?
How noisy is this machine
What is the best way to clean the tubing that the water travels through, when ice starts tasting bad?
Could I bag the ice every day to have 6 bags for the weekend or would it freeze together?
How much water does it take to fill it?
Does it work on 220v or just 110?
Anyone use this ice maker "outside" in the summer heat? How well does it make and keep ice in hot conditions?
How long and how many water refills would it take to fill a side-by-side in-door ice bin?
what are the dimensions?
do you haul away the old appliances?
Can you get a gas dryer instead of electric
Are these stackable? Is a stacking kit needed?
would you be able to suggest where I can get the cords and venting? thank you, if they are easy to obtain and aren't pricey i'd go with this set :D
Will this set come with all the parts I need to hook my washer and dryer up? Also, is there are manuf. warranty?
How many pieces of clothes can you put in the washer? Are there any videos of this washer?
Hello. I amIs there a warranty on this from the manufacturer? What are your repair and return policies for this washer?
what is the energy star rating? How many watts is it? Is it high-efficiency?
Is there an option to use it with normal washer connections (separate hoses for hot water, cold water and waste water)?
When do I put the fabric softener in? At the begining of the wash or on the rinse cycle?
Seeing mixed messages re: depth (20"- 24"). With hoses connected to washer hook-ups, how many inches from wall to front of the machine?
I have a two part question. Does the machine drain completely? &amp; How dry do the clothes come out once it's done? Thank you.
What is the hose made out of (plastic vs steel)? I have the Panda non-automatic washer and the hose was a plastic, flimsy white hose. Same hose?
Do you need to add water for it to rinse?
Is it possible to use a bucket to fill the machine and drain into another bucket or would it malfunction due to it being automatic?
What is the name of the manufacturer? (waterfall does not show up as nsf42 or nsf53 certified brand)
where is this filter made?
Does this fit GE fridge model PSS29NGPA
Is this filter NSF53 certified? Why cant we make this in USA?
Do you really need to turn off the water supply to change the filter? Is this just a precaution?
will it fit in GE fridge model PSC23MGPA cc
Why is water not coming out after changing to this filter
how long does it last?
I've noticed people have said their water flow has increased with this filter compared to GE. Could this be because it doesn't filter as well the GE?
Does it take a long time ( hours ) to pre fill?
Can two (or more) Lyric Thermostats coexist in the same home (i;e. multiple HVAC units)? Can the APP handle and set up multiple units?
I see two model numbers out there for the Lyric. Can anyone tell me the diference if there is one?
Does geofencing work for multiple users? Say three people in a house all with iphones set on the 7mi geofence setting.
Will this work with a hybrid/dual fuel heating and cooling system?
I have an outdoor temperature sensor wired in to my current thermostat. Does the Lyric have input terminals for this sensor?
What is the granularity of the time setting on the Lyric? With Nest, each temperature change event has to be at least 30 mins apart.
How does geofencing work if 1 person in the household is usually within 3 - 5 miles from home? Will the AC/Heat run all day in this situation?
Does it work with Apple HomeKit
Does this work with hot-water heat (radiators)? If not explicitly an option (many old, cheap honeywells have this) will short cycle boiler and waste energy
Does this product work with Honeywell HZ311 damper system? I will have two zones, hence two thermostats...
has anyone used it with a firgidaire refrigerator?
What contaminants does it filter?
What is the filter material?
Where should this filter be installed?
I need the original filter be installed in order for water to flow. Please address this issue
How come it is compatible with all brands?
Is it compatible to replace my Maytag UKF8001 Pur Refrigerator Water filter?
I cannot find any official reference to testing these filters nor official website. How can we know they are safe?
Can it be installed inside the refrigerator, along the coiled plastic tubing?
I just got the filter in and it doesn't look like the picture (no fitting to unscrew as far as i can tell. Can this version still use fnpt fittings?
