How many stamps are included?
I live in Chile, and I would like to buy the "Par avion", "Numbers &amp; Symbols" and "Lowercase alphabet" sets . Is it possible for you to send them?
Good Afternoon. I live in Portugal and I would like to buy the "Par Avion" set of stamps. Is there anyway you could send it?
What is the actual size of the numbers...mainly the height?
How large is the largest number? 3"?, etc
How big are the numbers? I am looking to use them for my daughter's wedding for place cards.
would this be a good gift for our grandson that will be 5yrs old next month?
I have some rocks I've collected from around the world and want them polished. Is this product capable of making my already pretty stones gorgeous?
Can I make sea glass in this tumbler and is it made to hold water?
Does this use an American power plug and socket?
Can someone please tell me the dimensions of the barrel itself? Height &amp; Width. Thank you!
Can anyone tell me what kind of metal is used for the jewelry making pieces?
Is the red tumbling container supposed to turn all the way round? Ours just seems to rock from side to side.
can i tumble larger rocks like rose quartz?
How much grit do you use? I put 1 T coarse grit in my first batch of rocks and it ate through the plastic barrel. Did I use too much??
Does the Original Rock Tumbler have a rubber insert to protect the plastic casing?
Can it be used in a laser printer?
Is this for dark fabric or white
Has anyone tried to transfer drawings using these? As in coloring/drawing on them with markers, crayons, etc. then applying them to clothing?
Are these transparancies white or clear?
do i need a commercial heat press for printing in a t-shirt? or a domestic iron?
How does the image reverse itself?
Can I use a hp photosmart 7525 to print on this paper?
I need to make 24 pillow cases with the same design. Will I need a transfer sheet for each pillowcase - or can they be reused?
Does it work on HP 4500 series?
would this transfer well to vinyl fabric?
How long does it last?
Is the case air tight , non leaking for travel?
What are names of the 12 colors in the box?
Is this easy to hold in one hand, seeing that the lid is attached?
Can you give me a link to the refill colors for this?
What are the 12 colors in the box?
Should I purchase the set of 12 or the set of 45? For me painting is only a hobby and I paint mostly in my art journals.
please fix the price. i shop for art supplies on Amazon frequently - it's ridiculous that you have this listed as a $1970.00 item
How does this compare in paint quality to sakura koi 12 color pocket set?
is there anywhere I can purchase a replacement brush? I lost the cute folding one that came with the set.
How many pack can i get with $ 35 ?!
Can this be used with a laser printer
Can these be used on Lycra t shirts/tank tops?
Is this for white shirts or dark shirts?
after applying these to t-shirts, will it also transfer that nasty background border around what was printed ? or just the color from your printer?
is background white or transparent?
Would it be able to cover black letters on a white shirt? (I just want the shirt to be white so the product has to be white not see through.)
Can you print with an inkjet?
Does this work on a canvas board (artist canvas)? Thank you.
It have to be ironed? Can it used on acrylic?
Has anyone tried to print onto the sheets to make custom coloring sheets?
Can these be used to make cut-out decorations like snowflakes? Please don't answer "I don't know"
Can you color on both sides of the sheet of paper with the special markers? Toddler likes to turn page over half way through her scribbles.
Does this pad fit in the color wonder travel case?
Does this work with Color Wonder paints?
What is the difference between crayola Color Wonder and the Crayola Color Wonder Mess-Free products? Are the products interchangeable
Do the sheets of paper come connected in a pad or a book or are they loose?
Can you use regular markers on this paper or color wonder only?
Would this be fun for a six year old?
Will this paper work with the My First No Mess paper and marker set (toddler grip cow marker)?
Are these crayons non-toxic?
Are these washable crayons?
Are there 64 different colors or just 64 pieces of crayons?
Does the sharpener contain metal, or is it completely plastic?
Has the shipping issue been resolved? There are too many complains about broken crayons in the reviews section
Does this pack have the sharpener in the back of the box?
What are the dimensions of the crayon box? Is it 5.7 x 5 inches as stated on the site?
Where is the origin of the goods
Do all of the 64 count crayolas have pictures of white kids on them?
what is the difference between pack 1 and pack 2?
Is the core/shaft of the chuck plastic or metal on these?
Do the blades wear out like the other X-Acto knives or do they never need replacing?
Does this set include individual protective caps for each knife/blade handle set?
i'm concerned that there are no protectors for the blades in this set. has anyone found any that I might purchase? I don't want to return!
made in where?
will this set cut leather.
can the blades be sharpened or are they too thin?
i have a set almost exactly like this and was looking for a small saw blade i could attach to one of these handles and i mean really small
can you wittle with it
Is this X-Acto or a knock-off? TIA!
Can you print on both sides of this paper?
Is this paper acid-free? I've read that it is not in fact archival.
Is this 51 lb paper?
Canon pixma ip6700d printer has few choices. which is better - matte photo paper or other photo paper? thanks.
Has anyone used this Epson paper with an inkjet printer made by HP?
Is this the paper with the "Improved Black Quality" sticker on the box?
I have an Epson Artisan 1430 printer and will be making prints of my paintings. Has anyone used this paper for that purpose and what results?
Can this paper be rolled and placed in a poster tube?
Does this paper have any printing or watermark on the reverse side? I would like to use it to print some folded cards.
Is this paper a "photo paper"? Epson's site lists it under "photo paper", but its name of course says "presentation" paper, not "photo paper".
Are the expansion posts included? If so, how many posts are included in each package? Thx :)
Is this product part number RW-85?
Are the white inserts actually a full 8 1/2" by 11", or are they smaller? I want to protect old family letters that are 8 1/2" x 11".
How long are the posts? How many do I need to make the album about 2" thick?
How long are the posts? How many do I need to make the album about 2" thick?
How many inserts are in this item, i'm confused about that.
Are the top loading 12X12 pages for 12X12 scrapbook pages or divided for photos?
Do these additional pages include extension posts?
I am wondering if the 8-1/2 x 11 pages will fit in the 12x12 albums that I use with these 12x12 pages. I would like to add certificates.
I have older scrap books that are 10 1/2' x 12" pages with 2 rings . Do you have that size with 2 rings?
Can this airbrush be used with an air compreser?
Is there a specific paint used with this? Can you use the 1/4 oz. Testors paint bottles with it?
Is the airbrush compatible with paints other than acrylic? (Fabric paint, body paint, etc)
Does the kit come with a can of propellant?
WHAT IS THE SIZE OF THE LETTER?
Could you use these with acrylic paint &amp; then stamp them on metal?
Could this be used in playdough? I was worried the rubber stamp might come off the plastic part. Or that maybe it wouldn't make much of an impression
Can I use that with textile paint to print tshirts?
This case, is it suitable with the sewing machine singer confidence 7469 ?
will my singer model 2263 fit in this case?
Could you tell me the height of just the top part of this without the base? I really want to just use the top as an everyday cover. Thank you.
Does anyone know if it will accomodate an old Model 66? Thanks.
My 1962 Singer model 503 is still going like gangbusters, but the cover's plastic clamps snapped off. Which of amazon's covers fits my machine?
Will this case work for a Singer Model #6235 machine?
Will this fit a Kenmore 8 stitch 158 series?
Does this have a pouch to put the foot pedal in? Does it have 2 prongs that hold the machine in the case or is it all open bottom?
What ages is this suggested for?
What is the country where this product is manufactured?
does this come with the modeling clay?
Are the rolling pins wooden, and do the handles really work to spin the roller?
Can these be used with washable paints or ink pads? There are other tools specific to paints and ink, but one product to use on all would be great!
What is the play dough made of? Is it nontoxic?
Can you please list the ingredients?
Is it gluten free?
How do you thread it
i have this blind hemmer where can I get needles?
does the table have a duplo block base?
What are the dimensions of the play surface? Is it big enough to use as a train table with a larger set than a figure 8 train set?
can you set the lego plates on the table and do they fit together nicely if so how many plates do you need to cover ?
How long and wide is the table?
How good would this table be for legos or duplo blocks? I know it doesn't have the special pegs , but could the kid just use the table to build?
Is there a top for Lego toys
What is meant by What is meant by " Luster " ?
Does this paper have logos on the reverse side?
I have a WF-7520. This paper isn't one of the options in the printer setup. I have Ultra/Premium/Photo Semi-Gloss/Glossy. What setting to use?
I have an Epson XP 410 and I want to print photos from my ipad. Is this the correct photo paper to use?
is this for brothers inkjet printer
I have a HP printer. Would this paper be compatible with this printer?
I'm using this on wood, and the photo has to be thin enough to lay against the wood then I would seal it, but the photo has to be smooth. Will this paper do that?
I print my Christmas cards on ink jet photo paper on my Epson printer - photo on the glossy side, text on the reverse. Can this paper do that?
Epson Luster Paper: Does this paper works well with the Epson R1800?
I have an Epson WF 3640. What paper works best for this printer? Any? Or do I need Epson paper. I've never bought photo paper before.
Does it work on paper?
I know some say dark transfers, but can't find clear ones for use on dark. Will these not work on a darker t-shirt like cinammon red?
so do I have to print directly on to the transfer paper or do I print a picture, put the transfer paper over the picture and then iron it?
Does it come with a silicone sheet? If not is there any you recommend?
In order to transfer a design a little larger than 8.5 x 11, do you think I could transfer the design in two pieces?
Printing on a couple onesies, is it better to wash them first? Or use a brand new onesie?
Do you know if it works on 100% linen?
would this work for making doll faces to use on muslin cloth dolls?
Can these transfer drawings? I am hoping to use crayons or markers to have my students make their own design for their Special Olympics shirts.
Does the design crinkle, crack, or peel off easily?
How do you unlock the handle? I just received mine in the mail and there doesn't appear to be any lever or pin that unlocks the handle.
Is it a large hole or small?
What country is this made in?
Will this paper roll work on TSP113U?
What is the inside diameter of the roll ?
does this paper fit the star 300i bluetooth printer
Will this work in the Epson TM-T20II ReadyPrint Thermal Receipt Printer?
Does this paper fit the Star Micronics TSP100 TSP143LAN Receipt Printer? I'm ordering it on here and it doesn't specify paper type on the product page
Will this work for the two color thermal function, meaning red and black? Thank you.
Does this paper work with the Star Micronics TSP143UII? Thanks.
Will this paper work on First Data FD200 ,machine?
will this paper work on star tsp650
Does this paper work with First Data FD50 machine? Thanks!
How many pages will it handle?
Does it work for legal paper?
what size holes?
Can you use this to punch holes in laminated paper?
What's the difference between '3 hole' and '3 holes' ?
is this paper white on the other side, or are both sides black?
Can you write with chalk on this? Want to use it as a chalk table cloth. TIA
Could it be shredded and used as a packing material for gift baskets?
can you paint on it
Would this work to keep out the sunlight for a party? I need the room to be quite dark. Thanks.
Is the paper finish glossy or matte?
Is this paper suitable for making patterns for clothing?
Could this be used as wrapping paper?
Would this paper work for wrapping gifts
Would this paper work for a "tracing an outline of a body" art project?
Would this work for blacking out windows?
Could this paper be used to fold paper flowers? Is it thick enough to hold its shape but be easily folded at the same time?
Can you tape things to this paper?
If you want to cover the tables for a party with this, will it show wrinkles?
Does this have a "center" to be put on a roll... how heavy is it??
I want to use this for table covers for child birthday party... to use with crayons. Will this definitely work well with crayons?
I need to lay this over my design drawing (black felt on white newsprint) to trace onto this sturdier paper for quilting base. Is it transparent?
Would this be good paper to paint on?
I want to make a ton of fold and cut snowflakes for a wedding. Is the paper bright wht? Same color on both sides? Will it fold easily?
We want to have a finger paint square on the wall at my son's birthday party, is this paper thick enough for that?
How big is the center hole of the roll? I need it to slide onto backdrop support system.
Can you draw on the white side using pencil AND markers?
Will this paper accept crayons? Certain finishes don't work well with crayons.
How well does this paper take glue? I want to glue paper to foam?
Will this paper work for wrapping gifts? Is it thick enough to prevent seeing writing on boxes, and will it fold neatly?
Can it be used for pattern making?
Is this paper suitable for making patterns for clothing?
Could this be used as wrapping paper?
Would this paper work for wrapping gifts
Would this paper work for a "tracing an outline of a body" art project?
Would this work for blacking out windows?
Could this paper be used to fold paper flowers? Is it thick enough to hold its shape but be easily folded at the same time?
Can you tape things to this paper?
If you want to cover the tables for a party with this, will it show wrinkles?
Does this have a "center" to be put on a roll... how heavy is it??
I want to use this for table covers for child birthday party... to use with crayons. Will this definitely work well with crayons?
Are you getting 100 sheets total of tissue paper, or is there 100 sheets of each color of tissue paper?
Is this considered to be "bleeding tissue paper"?
Does it come flat, folded or rolled?
I would like to use this to cover windows in my classroom, do you know if it can be used for faux stained glass?
Is this crepe paper, or regular tissue paper?
the picture shows a different product, is black included in the assortment?
Can I make kite out of this? Is it strong enough to fly?
How fast does the color fade?
I need shades of blue for an ombre effect, the picture shows 4 possibly 5 shades of blue. Is the picture accurate?
If this tissue paper safe to wrap jewelry in and mail?
Is this paper suitable for making patterns for clothing?
Could this be used as wrapping paper?
Would this paper work for wrapping gifts
Would this paper work for a "tracing an outline of a body" art project?
Would this work for blacking out windows?
Could this paper be used to fold paper flowers? Is it thick enough to hold its shape but be easily folded at the same time?
Can you tape things to this paper?
If you want to cover the tables for a party with this, will it show wrinkles?
Does this have a "center" to be put on a roll... how heavy is it??
I want to use this for table covers for child birthday party... to use with crayons. Will this definitely work well with crayons?
Is this paper suitable for making patterns for clothing?
Could this be used as wrapping paper?
Would this paper work for wrapping gifts
Would this paper work for a "tracing an outline of a body" art project?
Would this work for blacking out windows?
Could this paper be used to fold paper flowers? Is it thick enough to hold its shape but be easily folded at the same time?
Can you tape things to this paper?
If you want to cover the tables for a party with this, will it show wrinkles?
Does this have a "center" to be put on a roll... how heavy is it??
I want to use this for table covers for child birthday party... to use with crayons. Will this definitely work well with crayons?
Might be a stupid question... Is this paper primarily used for printing? Would it work good for hand written letters as well? Thanks!
Is this paper letter or legal size?
Can this be folded in three to be sent in a regular envelope?
Will this paper support duplex printing with colors?
Can this paper be inserted in wedding invitations in place of onion skin paper or is it too thick?
Does this paper have a watermark?
What are the dimensions of this paper? 8-1/2 x 11? 6-1/2 x 8-1/2?
Do I need to purchase special paper to work with these, if so what should I look for?
Are these water soluble like Portfolio Oil Pastels?
Are they washable?
Are they ' soft' enough to be used on fabric? Thanks.
How long are the oil pastel sticks?
Do they show up well on dark construction paper?
How do you sharpen them ?
Where are these manufactured?
CAN THE BE USED AS DRY ERASE MARKERS?
CAN THE BE USED AS DRY ERASE MARKERS?
The product photo shows "Finland" on the blade. Where are they manufactured?
All of the images on this page show RIGHT HAND scissors - is this, indeed, a LEFT HAND product?
Do these scissors really work well for left-handed people?
I don't know how to use it after receiving the product
How to get to UNlocked position? I see the little gray arrows but nothing moves.
I'm looking for some way to hole punch print outs to go in a mini binder (8 1/2" by 5 1/2"). I'm ok with extra holes. will this meet my needs?
If I get the extra punch heads to do 7 holes, will the pattern adjust to my daytimer folio size planner?
How do you adjust the hole positions?
I have a FC Classic Binder (7holes) page size 5.5" and 8.5" and a FC Compact Binder (6 holes) page size 4.25" x 6.75" Will the puncher fit my needs
Can this line up to punch a5 pages for a Filofax?
where can you get extra punches to make the 7 holes claimed that you can punch?
I bought this new. It is already in the unlocked position but will not open for paper insertion.
Is the paper size adjustable to put 7 holes in 5.5 x8.5 daily planner pages?
Does this paper have a detectable texture? I am currently using Epson Ultrasmooth--how does the Velvet surface compare?
Does this have the Epson watermark imprinted all over the back? I need both sides blank....
Epson Printer: What epson printer can be used with this product?
when using on a canon pima pro 100 which profile should i select?
Can other photo quality printers be used with this paper?
which side is best to print on?
How many sheets are in this pack?
What is the weight (mil) or GSM of each sheet?
why so expensive??? Why does it cost so much more from this shop???
amount? How many sheets are there in this box?
Can you use this paper in an inkjet printer as opposed to a laser printer?
Which side do you print on? Both sides are the same in "whiteness/brightness" and one side has slightly more "tooth" ? I am puzzled?
I'm a bit confused by the dimensions -- the title reads "8.5x11" while the product details read "11.5 x 9 x 0.5". Is that larger size just the box?
Does anyone know what the weight of this paper is?
what color is the actual paper?
would this work on an Epson Artisan 710?
Can this be used in a non-Epson printer (HP or Lexmark)?
can this paper be use on the CANON PIXMA MG5620?
Is this paper actually 8.5 x 11? The title says so, but under the options it says "11.5in l x 9in w x 0.5in h". Seems odd. I need US Letter size.
Can this be used in an HP 7525?
Will these sheets fit into an album measuring 9.25x7.375 in?
What are the dimensions of the pages? Trying to find something that fits within the 8 1/2" X 11" parameters.
Is the cover of a map?
How about the width of the interior pages? 11 inches tall x ??? wide?
Will these pages fit a Holson three ring photo book that calls for replacement R-GTC46?
how big is the overall page?
Do these have the white paper inside of them? My cat just destroyed my photo album my mom made me before she passed away in 92. I want 2 use the same cover...
Are they clear? or is there a layer that would prevent you from seeing both the front and back of a postcard?
Are these glue sticks non-toxic?
Are the sticks cylinder shaped or oval shaped? I have a glue gun that only fits oval low temp glue sticks.
is the contents of these glue sticks 4"by .28
Will thiss glue stix work well on plastic corks to wood?
After the glue dries, does it look frosty or clear like glass?
how many in a package
Can these glue sticks work with the Singer mini glue gun?
Is the fabric white or off-white? What is the texture? Does the background fabric show through?
Using inkjet printer ink, does the ink fade if it's wet? I want to make baby books and would hate to have baby slobber the words off.
Does this work with laser printers?
Are they ready to go into the printer? Is the fabric on Butcher paper
Would this product be suitable for personalizing a quilt with a small corner label?
I printed as directed and then waited 24 hours. It seems like the dry ink is smearing. Should I Scotchgard?
Will cutting out a design ruin the fabric or the heat seal?
Can you use this fabric on its own or do you have to mount it on other fabric?
Can this be used to create labels with name, address, phone number for clothes
Will this work to transfer onto a canvas (artist canvas)? Thank you.
My 8 thread Baby Lock recently broke and i am desperate to get a replacement. Will I be satisfied with the Brother 1034D? I have a Brother Inovis an
use as a sewing machine
Can I use this machine as regular sewing machine to stitch some fabric up?
I have never serged before, I need a very simple to thread machine. any suggestions for me?
What size cones should I buy? I want to get this for my wife as a Christmas gift along with an assortment of thread so it's "ready to go". Thanks.
will this serger do heavier fabrics like denim?
Does this finish the edge and gather at the same time or do you have to sew two separate times.
I am very beginner at sewing and I am wanting to make blankets, dresses, taggies, etc, would this or a regular sewing machine be best?
Is this a single or double needle machine.
Hello. This machine has a safety stitch? It is to sew swimsuits. Thanks
If it does dry by itself where would you put it? How long will it take, I make tiny charms that are an inch thick at the most.
How many small, palm sized "worry stones" do you think I could get out of one of these multi packs?
Is it scented?
Once I cure it in the oven, how hard is the finished product? Can I use the finished item in a sand casting mold? (I will need to tap w/ a hammer)
Will this be good for an 11 yr old who likes 11 and up things?
Can the oven which baked this clay still be used to bake food?
does it come with the charms or anything to be made out of the clay?
I have a broken oven that won't be fixed for a really, really long time. Trust me. What do I do?
I want to try this as an project for a class. I have 17 kids. I was thinking they would make a mini project. How far would 1 sampler go?
Where is it made?
which brand of dry erase marker should be used on this product to easily erase?
Can you stick these to windows? Also, I'm unclear whether or not they are easy to clean...take the writing off? Thank you!
do these rehang easily after multiple uses and do they stick well to glass?
I just want to be sure that these will easily remove from most surfaces. Also, would it be possible to print on them if sized to fit printer?
Could these be staples or pinned to a bulletin board?
Can the sheets be placed on the blackboard?
What brand of dry erase pen works best? Expo is the most common brand but at least one reviewer says Expo doesn't work well... So what does?
Would the writing come off too easily to keep and store them until we are ready to re-use them?
what kind of pens should I use
Hi - it is unclear if all 35 sheets add up to 27"x34" or if each sheet is 27"x34"
Are clamps or cloth leaders included?
Does this frame come unfinished? If so then can you tell me where to get finished one?
How many inches in length is needed in the room to set up for the king size quilt....I'm uncertain if it's 104" or 116" thanks!
What size Quilts ?
what is the cost to ship to UK and would there be tax to pay on it
I want to create stickers that can then be used by other people. Does this just apply adhesive or is it adhesive and a backing like a normal sticker?
Does it have a sliding cutter?
Can you laminate small pieces
Has anyone tried sticking the finished product on clear glass? Is the adhesive invisible or can you tell it is there on the sticker?
I have 3 5" 5"Creative Station Refill Cartridges (2 permanent and 1 repositionable). Will they work as well in the XRN510 machine.
How crystal clear is the permanent and repositionable adhesive? Is the acid-free adhesive crystal clear?
I want to use this with cutouts from my Cricut machine. Does this make a full sheet or will it just stick to the parts that remain after cutting?
Could I laminate it then turn it into a sticker so I can stick it on bags and such and not have to worry about water?
Would this work for taking images I have printed and cut out for stickers.
So you can switch between the different types of rolls (magnet, adhesive, laminate/adhesive, etc) without any problems?
Is the back waist length adjustable? And if so, anyone know what the range is?
What materials are the adjustment gears made of.
is the upper body length adjustable? (I am not talking about height I am talking about upper body length)
is the pole off center so that you can work on pants
i have purchased an xl 2230 but the bobbin cover is missing where can i get replacement
The photo seems to show a toner cartridge. This is an actual sewing machine, yes?
Where can I get on line replacement needles for this machine??? Any Ideas or options???
can these be used to thread an ordinary ("hand") needle?
Hi is this NEEDLE THREADER feed the needles of the blind hem mashines
can use on BROTHER
can I use this on my punch needle I use embroidery floss with my punch needle/
Will this product work on a curved needle blindstitch machine?
Does it work on jeans?
is it easy to take off?
Can you stitch over this? I'm confused by all these witchery, web, and wonder-under.
Would this work well to shorter curtain? My apartment windows are 73 inches tall, but that's a hard length to find...
Does this make a strong enough bond that it'd withstand a 3 yr old? I saw a tutorial for a new-sew skirt made out of it, but I'm unsure about it.
how many yards of clear plastic are there and what does the actual adhesive look like ?
Can you use it to hold together the neck opening of a shirt (it's too deep for work otherwise?)
IS IT CLEAR PLASTIC ?
is it water proof? could i use it on a bathing suit
can i use it to make t-shirt sleeves more "fitted?" after years at the gym, I still have the unfortunate body habitus of a T-Rex
Is this the large flower punch?
how does this product work do you have to put it into something to get the pattern?
I would like to know how big the flower is when it is punched out?
An Etsy seller suggests this to use as colored cardstk for stamped wedding invitations. The question about it smearing concerned me - would that work?
can this be used on paper napkins with clear stamp?
I bought some white pigment ink and made a card and the next day I touched it and it smudged.Why does this happen?
Can the stamp pad ink be refilleD?
I would like use this ink to stamp my logo on kraft paper box.Do you think would it work?
Would this work on a printed canvas?
Does it dry right away when you heatgun the embossing powder?
Can I use this on fabric, and if so, will it be permanent?
is there an ink pad around the size of 5x7?
Is this good to use I fabric and is it permanent ?
will the etch remain after the glass gets wet?
there are no directions ?
Did anyone use this to remove the anti-reflective coating from the high index 1.71 -1.74 lenses?
Will This product etch acrylic wine glasses?
How many projects can you do with 3 oz.?
directions for use ?
glasses
I need the 1/16 in. circles that are punched out for a project. How well are the circles preserved after being punched? Are they mangled or deformed
Has anyone tried using this on leather? For example, adding an additional hole to an adjustable purse strap...
what is the reach on this and the distance between the holes? I need my holes 1.25" from the top of the paper.
Are you able to see through top of hole punch so that can line up hole exactly?
Does this works with bottle caps?
Is this punch suitable for making earring cards...particularly the fish hook earrings?
does this work with small brads?
Would the 1/16 inch version punch holes through cardboard and towards the center of a 8.5 by 5.5 in page?
Why is the listing titled : "Bulk Buy: Lily Sugar'n Cream Yarn Twists Super Size (6-Pack)" if it is only for 1 skein? Misleading!!!
Yes, knowing the weight, category &amp; fiber content would be VERY helpful. Why is there no description?
How many yards?
Is the price of $3.97 for 6 balls of yarn?
What is the thickness of each slat and the distance between each slat? I am thinking of using this for something other than quilt rulers.
My rulers are of different thickness. What is keeping the rulers from sliding out the bottom when the ruler holder is hanging on the wall?
Have you ever tried to stand playing cards inbetween the slats? Im thinking about using this for that purpose. How do you think that'd work? Thanks!
I have a stash of Olfa blades - will they work with the Martelli Ergo 2000 cutter?
has anyone purchased this recently? Did you receive the updated version with the thumb and forefinger guides?
it states easy clean tab - how does it open to clean out the black accumulation
Is this model the most current one? They made changes in 2012? I am wondering why it is almost half the price as the one on the Martelli website.
Is there a difference from the red handle vs black handle? This picture doesn't show the front of it? I want one took take the pressure of my thum
So, has anyone tried using an Olfa blade on the Martelli Ergocutter yet?
where to purchase it
Are these the old style or new style cutters? I am looking for the old style
45mm vs. 60 mm? I've never used a rotary cutter. I'd mostly be cutting patterns (if it works for that) and bias strips. Which size would be better?
I want to temporarily adhere a badge to a shirt for a Halloween costume. Would this spray work for that?
Would this work to cover a mirrored closet door with fabric?
Our 505 spray is still sticky after many washes. What cleans it off?
Has anyone used this on poly/cotton blend? Will it launder out completely? How long does it hold?
I'm looking for something to stick large temporary appliques to marching band uniforms. Will this wash out completely with warm water?
Will this product do for stamp cross stitching after youn done do you spray on the back to make it not coming back
How does this work on felt? Especially when using in an embroidery machine?
How much area does one can cover? To baste a queen sized quilt between the three layers how many cans are needed? Thanks in advance!
I see three different weights for this can. Is this the large can, or the small can?
Hi there, i want to use this to stick a paper on a polyester surface for sublimation; to avoid movement when i close the heat press. Will it work?
What are the dimensions? This has been asked before but no answer.
can you give me the measurements? have a new Serger and it is larger than my old one...
Will a Bernina 1150MDA fit in this case. Is the bottom of the case solid or supported in any way
size: what are the dimensions?
what are the dimensions? I see that this question has previously been asked, but I don't see the answer.
what are deimensions
Will this work as an airline carry-on?
Will a Bernina 780 fit in this bag?
I have a Janome Memory Craft 9900 Sewing and Embroidery Machine. Will this bag accommodate it and the Embroidery attachment?
What kind of wheels does it have?
what size is it?
What are the interior dimensions
I need to know the internal dimensions. I have a brother PE780D It measures 11.42H x 17.32W x 7.87D
Will this bulb (Singer Long Life Light Bulb 15 Watt-120 Volt-Push-In Base) fit a 1950s Singer sewing machine model number AL338437?
can this fit in a huskvarna 630?
Does this work for a Bernina machine that calls for a 12v 5 watt pushin bulb? Thank you.
Will this bulb fit a singer 288?
Will these guys ship to the UK?
Would this bulb fit an Elna Lotus SP (35)?
will it fit a featherweight? old machine
does this work with Columbia fleece?
Slider is broken on a jacket with a small tooth nylon zipper. How do I get the new slider onto the already sewn on zipper?
does it inclued no7 size
Are the stops parts to repair the bottom stop for a coat that separates included, end pieces that feed into pull on both sides fixed and feed in?
I need a large zipper for a heavy jacket with a separating zipper Will this have one large enough for my need?
My bag has no stops. can I still use this?
How many sliders come with the kit and what are the sizes?
The "pull" fell off from the zipper because it has been used for too many times. Is it possible to use this kit to repair the zipper or replace the "p
Does anyone know if this will this work on a north face jacket..i have no idea what kind of zipper it has...tia...curtis
Does this repair kit work on metal zippers?
Is it a double sided patch that can be used to apply one material to another.
color?
size?
What color/are they white?
How long is the blade and how long is the saw when it is closed?
Can you replace the blade on this unit?
How would this compare to the Corona RS 10" folding pruning saw?
Does it cut both forward &amp; back?
Does it cut deer antlers? I need to split antlers for my dogs because it's too big.
Are the hardened? Is it designed to be resharpen-able?
Any way to tell when the blade needs replaced? Mine seems to be cutting slower now but it hasn't been used much at all. Could be the type of wood but I'm just not sure.
Is the blade rugged,unlike flimsy ones that bend and eventually break?
had great experiences cutting pine very quickly. Has anyone been able to use this on deer to cut open the brisket. Does it cut clean/quick?
Does the laplander come with a sheath?
can these be up dated from window 95
I took the power cord from the machine and it got put in a box we have with cables. There are 4 different volt and amp cords. What should mine say?
I purchased singer futura from a relative, but has no disc to make embroidery, where can I order the disc?
How to thread the needle and bobber?
HOW TO SET IT UP
Would this machine work with a newer PC running windows vista operating system or higher?
What is the seat height of this chair?
Will it hold the weight of an adult? How much weight?
I bought the Avalon table...Do you think this chair will be a perfect height for that table? I assume is since they have the same kinda name!?!?
What are the dimensions of the chair?
Some reviews say the chairs are too small. What is the height of the seat to anyone that has this? I have a 2 and 4 year old.
What kind of wood are these chairs made of?
I am looking for 2 kidkraft avalon chairs in ice blue. Do you have any in that color?
on the order page is offers "Vanilla" as a color option, but is shown in brown&hellip; is Vanilla indeed a cream/white color that's available?
Shade of Blue? In the Amazon picture, the blue looks almost navy. But on other websites, "blue" looks like a primary color blue. Which is it?
do these chairs stack?
Is it vegetarian? Is the rice non-GMO?
Hello, is there an expiring date on this paper once the package is open?
Can I use that paper with Fondant cakes? how do I stick them to the cake in this case after it is printed with an image?
Can this paper be used with rubber stamps and edible ink for cupcake decorations
You mentioned that the paper when wet sticks together.... My question is if it is submerged in water will it then dissolve or be a big globby mess?
Can this product be punched out to make biodegradable confetti for an outside wedding? Thanks.
Is this paper thin enough to see through to trace something?
What is the thickness/gauge of this paper?
is this product good for babies? my 5 month old likes to chew on paper
can you please describe the exact size of the paper
How much does the crushed stone item weigh???
I want to inlay some 1/16" wide strips of turquoise. Is this crushed finely enough to fill an inlay that small?
I am new to the inlay world and would be using it with wood wall art. Can you help me understand how I would set this powder in place? Thanks.
can i put this in a fish tank ?
no where can i see the quantity of product offered for $9.95!! How much do you get?
What does it weigh?
What size is the package?
what do I put over the turquoise after i put it in the table cracks?
Is this product real torquoise or some synthetic material?
What is the quantity.
What cords come with this unit? On other sites, the unit comes with 2 heavy duty cords. Can you confirm what is in the box?
Does this pen come with any tips?
Can we order with European use, 220 V?
What extra cords would be the best to order when odering machine to save on shipping later?
Are other tips,Darice, Drexel,SE, etc. compatible with this machine?
There's a standard and heavy duty version, which is this? Thanks
How does this compare to the constant heat burners? I am wondering if this machine allows for more heat or is it just to control heat at lower temperatures?
What pen does it come with?
Does it come with any tips
Which pen comes with this package? I understand the pens are not the interchangeable type but where each pen comes with it's own nib. Thanks.
I will be a first time user. I am a sculptor/designer so I am fairly brave at learning a new medium. Can you use homemade nibs with this pen?
Is this unit as good or better then Optima
with how many pips does this burner come when ordered and wich additional set of tips is useful and fits the pen? I am buying this for someone who carves various animals out of ironwood and mesquite. he wants to use the burner for the finer detail work.
I need a tip that creates a hairline burn. Would the create a tip pen work to do this?
Example of how to hold scissors for proper sharpening?
Does this work with titanium coated scissors or will it damage them?
Can you sharpen cuticle scissors with this?
how do you use it?
does it work on Fiskars 8" razor sharp scissors
Can this be used to sharpen kitchen scissors, especially Kitchen Aid
Will this fit the Brother CS 6000i sewing machine?
Will this case fit the Brother XR1355 Computerized 130-Stitch Sewing &amp; Quilting Machine ? Thank you!
Why are you selling Brother Sewing Machine Case for $198.00. do you not feel it is a little outrageously priced?!?!?!?
This case is ideal for the sewing machine Brother CS6000i?
Will this fit the Brother HC1850 sewing machine?
will this one fit brother xr1355
Will it fit brother CE8080PRW?
wil Brother XL2610 Free-Arm Sewing Machin fit in this case?
Will this fit the Brother se400?
Will it fit a brother sq9581 machine?
Would this be too small for an average sized 9 year old?
What kind of assembly is required? Tools needed? Level of difficulty? Thanks
Kids makeup mirror
Is the mirror a good quality? Is there a clear image?
How tall is the stool?
Tall enough? My 5 yr old is 3.5 feet tall, will she be able to see her entire head in the mirror or will the mirror cut off the top of her head?
What is the height of the table, including the mirror. We are trying to determine if this vanity will fit under my daughter's raised bed. Thanks!
What are the dimensions?
May I know what is the shape of this pillowcase? Is it heart shape or rectangle?
Is the fabric pre-printed?
How large this is?
i have the problem with threading the needle, thread breaking over n over again even though i have followed the instructions. Now, T bar is broken
How hard is your unit to thread?
write the voltage please
question? does the Euro pro model 9110 make bigger letters? I would like to personalize something but the font is so small.
Are there cabinets/tables available for this machine?
Bobbin and Casing Won't Move: So, what is the remedy for this problem?
What size bobbin do you use for replacement bobbins?
Is baking time and temperature same regardless of the creation size? Thank you.
Can you add glitter to this stuff?
is this good for decodening (cabochons) please answer asap
how big in inches are the blocks and wide?
Why is the listing titled : "Bulk Buy: Lily Sugar'n Cream Yarn Twists Super Size (6-Pack)" if it is only for 1 skein? Misleading!!!
Yes, knowing the weight, category &amp; fiber content would be VERY helpful. Why is there no description?
How many yards?
Is the price of $3.97 for 6 balls of yarn?
I lost the one key that came with it. Where can i get a replacement key? the whole box is a waste if i can't find one to refill
does it come with screws/material to install on a wall?
Do you have to purchase a separate key to open this dispenser?
what size paper towel do i need for this dispenser?
how big are the letters?
what size are these letters?
how big are the letters?
How do you use the circle cutter?
can this be used to cut felt circles?
Will this punch a single laminated sheet of copy paper?
I can make circles of 30 millimeters in diameter with this cutter
Hi, how much does it post to New Zealand? Thanks
need instructions for use
Would you recommend for cutting fabric circles?
So it can be adjusted for 5.5 by 8.5 inch paper/binders?
Do the outer punches move or the center? What's the closest spacing you can punch 3 holes with? Thanks.
How far are the holes to the edge of the paper? (The point of the hole closest to the edge of the paper)
I just need the 2 outer holes, can I 'block' out the middle hole to do this?
Can I use it for page size letter and A4? thanks
Is it wide enough to punch appropriately spaced holes in file folders?
Can the punch make 2 holes that are 4 and 3/4 inches apart ?
is this item MADE IN USA
for paper 8/5 by 11?
Can this product punch holes 2 3/4 inches between holes?
Do you think these paints would adhere to waxed wood? Thanks!
Is this an alcohol ink? (That was what I searched for.)
Would this work on a nylon material? (i.e., a drawstring nylon backpack?
Can I use other colours besides black and white to paint dark backgrounds?
Can these be mixed together to create custom colors?
do these paints have a fine tip point for drawing or writing on fabric?
Is the white ink weak on black cotton?
how is it on leather?
I want to make face casts, is this all I would need to make one? I want to add several face casts to a video/short I'm making.
Can this be used for metal casting does it have to be fired?
can this be used for makin' the mother mold (outer shell) for castin' latex masks?
how long does it tack to harden?
Can you add color to mixture before you mold it?
Is it a heavy material?
Anyone know where I can download the MSDS and mix instructions for this product?
Can this be used to make a mold of two adult hands?
How much expansion during cure/set and has anyone used this with alginate, i want to make a mold using the alginate, use this stuff to make the part
What color does it turn out?
What is the difference between this knife (SVR-2) and SVR-1?
Can you also use the 30 degree blades (OLFA 5007 A1160B 9mm Snap-Off Art Blade) in this handle?
which blades should i buy to got with it. i can't find any that say 5019 blades. thanks!
Can this be used to cut cardboard?
Does the lock work even when the blade is retracted? I don't want to get poked if I throw this in my pocket.
Should I get this one or the 30 angle one if I want to sharpen pencils?
Is there a pocket clip on this?
Does it come with Additional blades?
How long is this knife with the blade retracted?
do these paints really weigh 6 pounds?
Does this leave behind a chalky feeling on the paper when dried?
Can someone tell me how big these are? The diameter of pack and the height when stacked together? Also, how big are the individual color pans?
are these watercolor wheel paint stacks transparent paint or opaque watercolors?
Are these washable - I'm thinking of buying them for my 3 year old?
Will the pinking blade cause thin/apparel fabric to fray?
How many layers of fabric will it cut through?
How many blades are in 1 pack?
will this cut through felted material?
Would this blade cut through cardstock and chipboard?
Will this pinking blade work with the 60mm ergonmetric Deluxe Rotary Cutter by Olfa?
I have the Olfa 45mm rotary cutter RTY-2/G. Will this blade work on this traditional cutter?
Does the sawtooth on the rotary blade make crisp pointed zigzag edges as the pinking shears do or they appear more as scalloped edges?
Why does it not say in the description that this only fits Olfa handle RTY-2/DX?
Has anyone found that this will not work in a specific rotary cutter? I called Olfa and was told it works in all 45mm
Would you recomend this product for a 16 week ceramics class?
I see that it has a wooden rib, but does it include a metal rib? I am looking for supplies for a ceramics class.
does it come with clay?
Would this be good for a ten-year old girl to use?
Is the Rib made out of rubber?
I am looking for a tool to clean out the gunk from inside a pumpkin. Would a tool with 'sawteeth' on one edge, mounted on handle do the job? I alrea
Is this board flexible? They have the thickness as .1 in but does it stay flat?
Can you use this mat to cut wavy lines or circles, and does it still heal? Or does the healing ability depend on cutting straight lines?
Some "self-healing" mats caution against using anything but rotary cutters. Any experience with using X-Acto or razor knives?
non stick bottom, so can you reverse it for when gluing up things and the glue comes right off?
Why is the description 18 x 24 but the pic is 11 x 17?
Does anyone use this for making model airplanes using pins to hold pieces in place while drying?
Does it slide or stay in place on table?
Is this high enough to comfortably cut for a long period of time, or do you wish you had purchased the adjustable table?
What is the height of the table?
How much does it weigh?
can you fold it away when it's not in use
What is the STEM size on the casters. Thank you
What is the actual working dimensions? There are 3 different heighths listed in discriptions
How thick is the table?
Does the table arrive assembled or require assembly?
where can i purcase parts for the table
Is this durable enough to do scrap booking on, how much max weight could it hold ?
Does it come with a pedal? Or at least a place to connect a pedal if u purchase one
Can you put a piece of clay on it and mold it into pottery? Or is it not used for that?
What kind of metal is this made of?
what are the actual dimensions?
What powers this product? What's the power source?
do you have to spin it by hand
How heavy duty are these? For example, would they easily cut through multiple layers of felt?
I just received these today and cannot get them to open up. How do they open? I apologize...I know this is a dumb question!
Would these be good for cutting scotch tape? I only need them to make chevron designs for my nails. Other scissors don't work well with tape.
Are these comparable or better than Gingher Pinking Shears?
Are these good for cutting scotch tape?
Would they be comfortable for left handed people
Are these good for cutting tissue paper to create a scalloped edge
Does the TK 9071 6B 3.15 Mm fit the TK 9400 clutch pencil
Is the casing metal or plastic?
does the lead advance per click or does it drop?
Does it come with lead or is this just the pencil?
Are these all green, or are there various colors? (I have a green one and want another just like it of a different color)
Does it have a built in sharpener like the others?
Does it have a built in sharpener like the others?
dose it have a clip?
Why are your ink pads dry?
How big is each color square?
how to fix dried inkpads?
Is the stamp pad separable?
What's the difference in using this and the side cutter foot
Does anyone know if this works with the XL 2121 model?
Will this foot fit the SE 425?
Will this foot fit a PS3700?
Is it compatible with Singer 2277?
how do I tell if my machine is 5mm or 7mm? I have a brother cs6000i.
Does anyone know if this works w/CS6000i?
Can I use this one for Brother XL-3750? thanks
Is this compatible with a singer?
Does it work with the Brother HC1850
do you have the ruffler for bernina 560?
will it fit bernina virtuosa 150?
will it fit bernina 550 or 530?
will it fit a 430
will this fit a Bernina 170qe
Does this foot fit bernina 750QE or bernina 880
Will this fit my Bernina 530 ?
Will this fit the Bernina 150
I have a bernina aurora 430, is it old style or new style regarding the feet listed above.
Can you do any zigzag stitch with this foot?
Bought the SA185 1/4 foot but when I install it the needle will not line up with the hole. Can't use. I have a Brother machine?
Will it work w/my Brother Innovis VQ2400? Dream Creator sewing machine?
Could you list what machine models these part are for. It woul make it so much easier for the customers.
Will this foot sew over pins?
Write up says Genuine Brother made accessory, customer review of 8/4/11 says it is not. Can recent buyer confirm?
will this foot fit the ULT series?
is this a snap on?
Why would I use a piercing foot?
Is this an original Brother Part? thank you
I'm having trouble with the hidden zipper foot. The needle is to far from the zipper. Can I move the needle 1mm?
Can I use this with a Brother CS-6000i ?
What needle setting should I set it to for my Brother CS6000 machine/ I can't get it just right it's either too far or too close,
Will this fit Brother sewing machine XL2600I?
will this foot fit SE400?
Is this feet compatible with a brother serger machine?
Can this foot be used with regular zippers as well as invisible ones?
Brother machine feet have two reference numbers, one starting with S and another with F. Is this foot SA128 / F004N?
Is ESG-IZF the same as SA-128? I have Babylock Sofia2, the invisible zipper foot for it is model ESG-IZF, so can I use this zipper foot?
Can you only use this with a invisible zipper? what about nylon zippers? I don't like the zipper foot I have. Thanks
Will it fit a Singer 9960?
will it fit a Singer 7430 Model
Will this fit a Singer One?
I see in the comments that this foot fits most SINGERS. However, my machine isn't listed. Its a 4562. Do you think this will fit it?
Will it work on a Singer Model 237?
Will it fit a Singer Simple?
It works for Singer CG 590 sewing machine?
Is this for free motion quilting too?
will it fit a singer 4423 heavy duty machine?
Does anyone know if this will fit a Singer Confidence Quilter sewing machine?
Thick Fabrics; vs. BC1000? Can anyone attest to the power of this machine, for sewing through, say, mutiple layers of denim or other thick layers?
Torn between the ES2000, CS6000i, and the BC1000: Any guidance?
price difference: WHY.
Does anyone know what accessories come with this sewing machine?
Does this machine need to be oiled? If so, how often and does it have to be oiled professionally?
Will This work in India?
What accessories come with this machine (i.e., buttonhole foot, zipper foot, button fitting foot, etc)?
Could you please tell me the sizes of the wrapping?
Can someone please tell me the throat size of this machine? (the measurement of the opening to the right of the needle) thanks!
Drop in Bobbin? Does this have a drop in bobbin?
Does this require a specific grade lamp/bulb to solidify?
After you open the bottle for the first time, how long can you store it before it dries up? Or is it essentially "use it as soon as you open it"?
HOW MANY SCREENS CAN YOU MAKE WITH THIS KIT?
Can you overexpose a screen? What happens if you overexpose one?
does this come with the printing screen?
How many screens will this kit cover?
Can i use this as a base for custom graffiti ink?
Will this ink work for the purposes of a quill pen? (Dipping the quill pen in and then writing.)
Can this ink be used for tattoo's
Can you use this ink for painting?
how many ml
Does it resist watercolors without any bleeding?
Is their any alcohol in it?
is it non-toxic?
Is this ink waterproof after it dries?
The bottle is glass or plastic?
Will this fit my Brother Dream Creator VM5100
is this a low shank attachment
Will this gathering foot fit a Singer Simple (model 2263)?
Would this fit my Janome HD-1000?
Does it make ruffles?
will thisgathering foot fit singer xl1000
will this fit a Singer model 8280?
Will this fit my brother lb-6800?
Does this fit a Singer 7470?
would this fit a brother se400?
Is this a Singer brand product?
I have a Brother LS2125i. Would this foot work on my machine, since it has snap-on feet?
I have a vintage Singer 15 treadle. Can this be use for free motion quilting?
Can this be used for free motion quilting?
is this made of metal or plastic? some people in their reviews said plastic and some said metal. you you please clarify this for me? Thank you
Will this foot fit a Singer One? Thank you.
I have a vintage Singer 15 treadle. Can this be use for free motion quilting?
Will this darning foot fit Singer Inspiration 4212 model?
Will this work with the older Singer Darning machines? Such as the 47W70 model?
Does this work with the SINGER One Easy-to-Use Computerized Sewing Machine?
I want to glue metal to metal will this glue work?
I have a metal frame coffee table. I want to stick glass on the metal base becasue it may slide and break. Will this stick glass to metal?
I am having trouble bonding a wood block to the back of a china dinner plate-this is a craft project and will be outside- will this work
can this be used on outdoor projects? I want to glue mosic tiles to a glass window
can beacons glass,metal &amp; more glue be used to seal a pitcock on a radiator so it dont leak?
all of the bad reviews say stuff about the pens leaking, even though there are like 30x better reviews, I'm now worried if I order them they wont work
can i paint over my pigma micron black illustration, to fill in some areas. They already seemed to smear a bit .
Can these pens write on plastic? I want to mark pips on minature dice.
What is clam ink?
Will they smear if I use copics with them?
Should I get these or the staedtlers felt ones? Quality wise only, for sketching!
Do these pens have an odor and are they non toxic
does it work for fabric?
How do these hold up when scanning? I want to scan and edit illustrations in Photoshop without the lines have that "blurry" look
can they write on painted wood?
what size is it?
is that only box or it is included all tools and spools that i see it in the picture??
Am i right in thinking that this box does NOT come with all the threads and stuff shown here?
Is there room for a pin cushion?
Will it hold about 20 regular size spools of thread and does it then a place for bobbins?
Are there pegs for storing the spools on?
can it cut foam board?
How long are the cutting blades on these scissors?
Do these cut paper into strips? Or can I cut the edges of a circle to make it scallop edged circles?
these Fiskars are only for right handers??
Can these scissors cut cardstock?
can they cut felt?
are these markers good for 1/144 scale gundams?
How good is the coverage of the Paint? Since I am trying to paint the uncolored (black) pieces from the Valvrave I Full Impact model kit.
Do these dry or is top coat required?
is the fine tip marker point good for panels in 1/144 models such as RX-78-2 RG and Gundam Age Legilis HG?
Does this works on Zoids HMM models
Can't read what the markers say. Are they toxic or non toxic? Is it water based?
Will these work for weathering?
is there a black marker? i see a grey. red. yellow, blue and something else that i think is a black.
what size point is the panel pen?
Is the paper truly transparent or is it "frosty"?
Is this product good for pottery projects
Any one tried it for laser printer?
Do you recommend as a temporary car sticker?.. Can it be easily removed?
does the ink come off easily when wet?
How removable is this product? I want to put on a laminated board and remove it after a couple of weeks.
How thick is this paper ?
Is the finish of the paper matte or shiny?
Will this stick to painted wood and can it be removed without leaving residue?
is this safe for walls?
Is this wheel any different from this one? http://www.amazon.com/Speedball-Artis...
I am trying to order some extra bats. I want to make sure I get the right size so the pins fit. Are these universal? 11", 12", 14"?
Hi, is it shipped in a box? If so, what are the dimensions of the box?
Does this come with legs or do you have to purchase them separately?
is it possible to use a pedal with this unit ?
Thinking of purchasing this as a gift. I'm a pottery ignoramus. So: is the gift worthless if I don't also get the recipient a kiln?
Do you ship in France ?? please please I really need one
What is the wattage?
What are the dimensions of the product and the box?
What types of clay does it work with?
can i use this when diy body lotion? what is the difference between this procude and urea &amp; allantoin?
how do you use the urea for tie dying tshirts? and how much do you use?
Can this be added (in tiny amounts) to drinking water for rinsing my mouth due do GERD to protect my teeth?
can this be used for tye dying?
is this Potassium Aluminum Sulfate or Aluminum sulfate?
Does it contain potassium. Kids want to grow crystals
Is Jacquard Alum 1 lb in a powder form or crystaline form?
Is this product added to watercolors/acrylics to help get the marbled look?
Is this pure 100% alum? Could this be used for hygiene as well?
is this the alum needed for scented stones?home made scented air freshener's.
Is this enough to make egg geodes with 6 kids? Or do I need to buy more than 1 lb worth of alum powder?
Can I use it to make play dough?
Will this waterproof fabric?
How do you dispose of this product if using for tanning rabbit hides?
What are the dimensions and what does it come with? Does it come with the sponge and paper?
I have this product, and find it difficult or impossible to get the top to lock onto the base. How do I make it fit?
I notice that some customers are saying the actual product is smaller than the size stated in the specifications. so, what size is it???n
I meant for my question to ask if anyone used this item for water mixable OIL paint and once posted couldn't clarify so thanks to answering that too?
On reviewer mentioned using this item with oil paint so do you all think it would also work for water mixable paint? Thanks.
Will it work with watercolors?
what size is this
what size is this palette
Are the figures made of wood too?
any suggestions to hang this clock on the dry wooden wall ?
How do you set the cuckoo bird??
Where is this clock made?
Where is it made?
how can I get ahold of the maker?
where were thease clocks made?
is there anyway to turn off the night silencer?
where is it made
Do the dancers really not have faces painted on them???
How do I set my Singer 7442 sewing machine to make basting stitches?
Has anyone sewn canvas with this model?
machine beeps 4 beebs but won't sew
Why is the listing titled : "Bulk Buy: Lily Sugar'n Cream Yarn Twists Super Size (6-Pack)" if it is only for 1 skein? Misleading!!!
Yes, knowing the weight, category &amp; fiber content would be VERY helpful. Why is there no description?
How many yards?
Is the price of $3.97 for 6 balls of yarn?
Why is the listing titled : "Bulk Buy: Lily Sugar'n Cream Yarn Twists Super Size (6-Pack)" if it is only for 1 skein? Misleading!!!
Yes, knowing the weight, category &amp; fiber content would be VERY helpful. Why is there no description?
How many yards?
Is the price of $3.97 for 6 balls of yarn?
Do you HAVE to use cartridges, or can you use free ink? And if so, where do you buy additional cartridges?
Is the picture of the actual set or not. I have seen the same picture for other sets.
Do you offer this set for left handers????
What are the measurments/ sizes of the individual nibs?
Do this nibs flex? That is to say, can you produce noticeable thicks and thins?
what are the pens made of? metal or plastic?
Is it white? If it's a 5x12 palette with only 17 wells, then it's very different from the other 5x12 palettes listed on Amazon.
What are the dimensions of this item?
Does the palette have seals to keep the paint from drying out or leaking out
My sister told me that glue guns don't glue permanently. I'm building a dollhouse, and I want permanent glue. Does it depend on the glue stick used?
I bought mini (.27") glue sticks by accident. I tried using them anyway, but couldn't get any glue to come out. I put two sticks in. Have I ruined it?
Does anyone know of a GOOD glue stick that does NOT thread? I bought Surebonder all purpose glue sticks, and they thread so badly that I have to spen
Does the wire stand fold up, so it is out of the way when using it to glue?
Is this a cordless glue gun?
what brand/size re-fillable glue sticks does any one recommend to use?
my question is there a way to tell what glue sticks are real good and that stick very well. like a point number thing. especially for wood.
Is there a plug on nozzle that needs to be removed for first time use? I inserted glue stick and heated for over 5 minutes and no glue comes out. ??
Does this glue gun have a high &amp; low switch?
How do you change from high to low?
Difference btw brother XL-2600 and XL-2610? Which one is better?
How does this work when doing shirring? I'm looking for a machine just to do that.
is this ok for a 8 year old child
my 10 year old is wanting to do quilting projects, can you use this machine for that?
How well does this work with yarn? I'd like to get a sewing machine that allows me to line my crochet projects!
I need a very lightweight machine and would like to know how much this weighs
Are there instructions in spanish?
Would this machine work well to make quilts?
Hello, is it 110V or 220V, 50Hz or 60Hz or 50/60Hz ........ thank you
Anyone had it happen to them where the thread flew out of the needle while dewing and got tangled INSIDE the machine? If so, how you get it out?
I am just starting to explore Zentangles. Would this paper hold up to the Sakura pigma micron pens that are used? thanks in advance!
does it have perforated pages?
Is the paper thick enough for sharpies without bleeding?
Why does the cost per unit increases as you try to do a bulk order? i.e. 1 unit cost $4.85, 2 units cost almost $15.00
How is the binding on this book? I need to be able to turn the pages back without the binding falling apart. Thanks for your help!
Is this paper smooth or does it have a "tooth" to it?
Has anyone found an attractive leather or fabric cover that fits this sketchbook?
Is it hard-cover?
I am looking for something with dividers for art supplies and also that will hold sketch pads can anyone recommend something thanks.
Does this sketch pad have ia hard /stiff cover and back cover?
Is this 1 pack or a few packs in 1? I know that can be purchased from the dollar store so would I get more bang for my buck if I purchase there?
So do you get to choose the color? Is it 1 pack of a certain color or do I get more than one pack?
I'm a teacher and I was wanting to trace letters instead of buying constantly. Will they work for cut outs?
I want letters to stick the name of my grandchild's baseball shirt, is possible with this letters?
Any idea where I can buy 4" stencils, the whole alphabet in the same font? (I like the font in the listing) Thanks
can you use them in a die cut machine?
Are these plastic?
Can I use it on fabric to quilt with my sewing machine
Does this ever become permanent?
Does it work on fabric -- like for name tags?
How do you remove the Easy Tack residue from a stencil once your stenciling is completed?
Has anyone ever used this on their silhouette cameo mats? Thanks
does it be used as permenant spray glue? time to be permenant
can this glue be used on painted cinder block?
Can the adhesive be used in painted cinder block walls?
Would this work to place decorative paper over a cork board? I don't want it to be permanent, so I can change the papers with the seasons. I don't mind having to respray every couple of months, but wondering if the cork is too porous to begin with?...
Moving into a rental and I want to wallpaper an accent wall. If I spray the paper, can I put it on the wall without damage and pull it off later?
is this particular floss okay for making friendship bracelets?
Is this floss silky and lustrous or soft and matte?
are they cotton???
does this pack include brown hues?
Does it include white and black?
Does this pack come with any greys?
Are there neutral colors in here? I'm looking for browns and tans
Is there any "gold" in the package? Are they numbered? If so are they Janlynn numbers or DMC?
How many skein of each color is in this pack. For my project I will need more than 5 skeins of same color
i am looking specifically for red, green, black, dark brown, and gold (non-metallic). are these colors included?
Can you use this product on a laser printer? Or do they make another product just for laser printers?
After you have incorporated the printed fabric into whatever you want to sew, can you machine wash the end result or does it have to be hand washed?
How to best finish the edges
can you glue this fabric to other fabrics
do you peal the backing off?
If the product is "old" will the picture still come out vibrant looking? Mine came out slightly faded from the original picture. It is a couple years old still in the original package.
The fabric and paper will NOT separate. How do I get the paper off the back?
machine washable: Will the photos that are transfered to fabric withstand normal machine washing?
Is this product safe for children to use?
How do these remove? If I use them in an apartment, will it be easy to take down? Can I reuse them?
Can you use on an exterior window
Is it bendable or can you only do straight lines, as pictured? Is it easy to cut for shorter pieces?
what size are the strips 1/16 1/32 and whow wide are they
Will this work on exterior glass? I wanted to make the glass in my garage light fixtures look a little nicer...
will the strips curve?
What are the demension of these items
What do you have that is 4"by 5"
What are the demension of these items
how many pencils would each tier hold? i have over 300
What are the external dimensions of this item ?
what's the inside high of each drawer?
Are the drawers removable?
Are the dividers removable?
Are these cabinets easily stackable (sorry if question already been answered :)
Has anyone used this box for storing jewelry?
would this work for watercolor paints?
would this work for watercolor paints?
Is this suitable for wood mounted rubber stamps?
Would I be able to put decks of cards inside (vertically) and still be able to put the tray in as well?
hOW MUCH DOES IT WEIGH?
Anyone know what type of wood this is?
Does anyone know the internal dimensions of the box?
What type of carry handle does it have? Plastic,wooden, metal, leather?
I can't sew at all. I have a lovely "filled" blanket that has several fabric rips. Does this product work for such rips?
I have a half inch tear on a thin wrinkle free dress shirt on my elbow. Would the patch repair it or would the iron damage the shirt from burning it?
Would it be able to cover black letters on a white shirt?
can you make a Nike patch out of it
How many come in the package? Is there only one or more?
are these pegs pemanantly affixed to the loom
This will be my first loom, but I wanted to know if it comes with any pattern directions
does it come with needle
i assume this comes with a hook?
Can u it with rubber bands
Do you have replacement pegs for knifty. Knitters?
does it come with the kneedle?
Are these medium or fine pins ?
Are the heads actually glass? They look plastic.
The description sounds like there are two lengths of pins, is that the case?
what is length of pins?
Are these steel or nickel?
Do the pins come in their own plastic storage box?
will it fit a Singer Model 237?
will this zipper foot attach to the Singer 9960?
Why doesn't the package just simply tell us what models the foot fits so we don't have to ask? Grrrrr.....
Will this fit a singer 2517?
Will this zipper foot fit a SInger Model 7028?
Will this fit an old touch and sew? Thanks.
Will this work with the Singer featherweight 221?
Will it fit a 18028 Singer machine?
does this fit Singer machine 7467 ?
Will this work with the Singer simple 3116?
how large is the zigzag pattern? for instance, whats the length of the triangle's base and height?
Does anyone have experience using these with blended wool felt?
Is this Fiskar 8" Pinking Shear truly for the left hand or ambidextrous?
Do these scissors cut a zig zag?
I do not do any fabric crafts, but could this set be used easily for precision paper cutting?
Is there a 45 degree angle guide on the ruler?
Is the mat rigid?
What color rotary rotary mat is supposed to be delivered?? Did anyone (2013) get the yellow mat that is advertised???
Why are they showing picture of a white board, but i see in the answers that it is green? Will all the mats have the square shaded grids?
Does the cutting blade have a protective cover for storage?
Where is this product made?
If I order the set what color mat will I receive?Are the front and back one and the same color?
is it a rule, plastic cutter?
how many parts?
Hello,,, Would these work well for cutting paracord, Thank You
would these be good for cutting wired ribbon?
do you make the same scissor for left hand?
I was wanting to get these for my grandma, she does a lot of intricate scrap booking work and was wondering if she could use these for small projects?
are these scissors still manufactures in America?
I need scissors to cut through matted horse hair. can you recemond one that will work?
Does anyone use these on cutting leather belts for cuff bracelets for example, not extremely thick?
How long are the actual blades?
vinyl
Is there a pinking shear rotary blade available?
is this cutter manual or battery operated?
Can this be used to cut thru batting - about 1 inch?
Does it work well for cutting pages out of magazines? I.e. I'd like to cleanly trim whole pages from magazines as close to the binding as possible.
can it cut carpet?
Can the blade be switched to the other side for left-handed use?
Could this double as a pizza cutter?
Can this be used to cut out any pattern
I have a huge cardboard with inches printed on it. Can I use this cutter to cut fabric on this cardboard or cutter only works on self-healing mat?
will they fit a gingher rotary cutter?
Would they fit an omnigrid cutter
i bought wrong one i needed olfa rotary cutter help
how many layers of material can it cut through?
Is there a difference between blades for paper cutters and fabric cutters? I bought these for paper but the package says they cut all types of fabric.
Does the Fiskars 9528 replacement blades fit a Fiskars 9521 cutter?
Is the center hole a circle or is it a circle with "notches". I have a ruler/cutter that will only work with a blade that has a center circle only.
does the 9528 blade fit a fiskers 9594?
How thick are the blades? I measured my current ones at around .015" can anyone verify these are the same?
are these pinking shears left handed?
Are these scissors really hard to open?
are these left handed or ambidexterous pinking shears
are these genuine Gingher pinking shears?
My wife borrowed a pair of Fiskers from someone at her work, they say 'Japan' in the handle, are they still made in Japan?
What does the 8" refer to? I just received these amd they measure 10" from tip of blade to bottom of handle. The blade is 4-5" in length. Thx.
Where are these Fiskars made ? Thank you
do you think that it is good for markings in sewing
Does it work well on silk? I'm planning to embroider some of my silk blouses and I worry about the pencil coming off. Thanks!
Marking on hat straw that cannot be washed. Can I brush the pencil marks off? Or is there a better alternative? I am currently using very fine poin
will it come off if exposed to heat, such as an iron?
I want to make a photo handkerchief fora wedding gift. Would this product work well for that?
After removal of the paper backing, is there any adhesive left on the back of the silk?
Is this "organza" fabric or something heavier? I am looking for a very sheer fabric for my project.
Wanted to see if this paper would be a good surface for silk painting? I know it is not the intended use, but thought it would be a fun experiment.
Do you have to use a special ink, or can this just be put through a regular ink jet printer?
What does it mean, fusiblle material? I can't just print and place it?
Does the fabric retain the shine of silk once printed upon?
can you cut your design without fraying?
Can you use these to color epoxy resin?
Can these be used to make lipsticks?.
Can this be used to dye yarn?
How well does it work for embossing?
is this safe to use as face makeup?
Has anybody used this in paint, finishes or buffer wax? TIA!
can you mix the colors to create new colors?
Can these be used in soap making? I'm new to soap making, still learning and haven't made my first batch yet. Thanks!
can you use this to color perfume. to give your perfume a tint but wont dye your clothes?
Are these similar to Perfect Pearls? I want to use this in card-making designs on paper.
I'm looking for a mica powder to embed in glass and kiln fired. Will this hold up? If not, is there a mica powder you know of that will? thanks
Can you use this on fondant flowers to put on top of a cake?
Is this mica powder to use in coloring bath salts and makeup?
Would this be suitable for soap making
Is there a way to find out the names of all the colors in the 32 piece set?
Can this be added to acrylic ink to use in nib pens?
Will these work with an airbrush?
Does this sets contain variety of blue color?
Do you bake these on the polymar clay project before you bake in the oven and will it be waterproof when baked on the clay?
Can these be used to pigment Platinum Silicone?
what is the smallest circle it will cut?
Does this device allow you to make a precise measured cut?
Would this cut 1/4" thick foam rubber?
Could this be used for cutting 1/8" veg-tanned leather?
Besides price, what is the difference between this and the OLFA CMP-3 circle cutter? what does CMP stand for?
How well does it cut cardboard? I am thinking of cardboard from a box like the ones Amazon ships in.
Does it work on fabric?
Has anyone been able to locate replacement blades for this cutter? I've not had any luck finding them on Amazon.
would this cut plastic?
What is the smallest size circle that is practical to cut with this produce. Will it cut a 1/2" circle in cardboard?
is this the kind of buckram where you pull the strings to make the pleats or do you measure and sew the pleats yourself?
what is the width of this tape?
what is the width of the tape?
is this washable?
Does anyone know if the Ikea Riktig hooks work with this pleater tape? Thanks!
how stiff is tape? I want to put it on top of drape so that the curtain top hides the ceiling mounted track hook loops that the curtain pin hooks into
Do you know if I could use this w/ Stitch Witchery?
What is the difference between Regular Pleater Tape and Multi Pleater Tape?
This looks good for pills &amp; vitamins. Is the latch solid?
Does the box have actual hinges (plastic is fine), or is it just thin plastic?
Do the bobbins actually have a hole in the top as shown in the picture?
Would this box be good for organizing and storing cake decorating tips?
how many pieces of paper does this kit make? can one kit be used with more than one child?
Are there larger ones available?
What size is the mold?
what size is this one?
picture shows a dvd, description says video. one customer says video. Which is is? who has a vcr anymore? i would only be able to play it on dvd player....
What are the dimensions of the deckle?
What are the dimensions of the deckle?
is there any warranty with this product? How long should it last?
Is this product good for cutting heavy duty leather?
Has anyone used this with felt?
Would you recommend the 45mm or the 60 mm? I'm wanting to sew pillows, aprons, curtains, dog pads, and slipcovers.
Can it be use for cutting mats, for framing? or just fabric ?
can you cut mat board with this?
Would this be able to cut thru thin wood? Like balsa wood or 1/8" thick plywood for crafting?
can i cut through leather with this?
I'm not a quilter...need something for miscellaneous sewing and craft products. Is it necessary to use this on a rotary mat? Thank you!
what country is it manufactured in?
Can I have one designed that doesn't just insert "Your name here"? I have a specific design I want and it's easy to describe.
The name I want to put on the brand is 10 letters long, is there any way to add an extra letter?
What type of flame/heat is required for the iron to burn impression on wood?
actual size seems a litte small ....what about 2 1/2 " ? at what price Thank you. Michael.
What is the actual size of the inprinting?
Can this be spread very thin with a spatula (to model ruins of a wall in a diorama model)? If so, would I vary the liquid/solid proportions?
I am making a craft that takes 1/2 cup of plaster paris for each one. About how many cups would be in this box?
once i make a mold using this, can i use it to lay down carbon fibers and or fiber glass materials? and do you need to add water to this?
once i make a mold using this, can i use it to lay down carbon fibers and or fiber glass materials?
Can this be used to make a cast of a face? (I'm making a batman mask)
can you use this to make a pinata
Has anybody used this plaster of paris to make chalk paint? Is Plaster of Paris pure calcium carbonate?
how many cups of plaster does it make?
on a scale of 1-10 is the thimbles and the pin cushion good quality?
What are the dimensions on the box? Do the big spools of thread come with it or are they miniature?
What are the outside dimensions of the box?
Do the bobbins fit Brother sewing machines?
Does this kit include the scissors that are shown?
Do you have 15 available. And would it be free shipping within the US?
Is thread in this kit cotton?
does this item good for6180 singer brilance machine
Ok it states plastic bobbins, but my Brother machine uses SA156..anyone know if these are compatible? I dont know why the seller doesnt give # size
will the bobbins fit a brother machine?
When I purchase the Eclipse Airbrush (BCS -bottom feed) will I need to purchase the hose for it as well?
Hello! Do you have a model for 220W?
how much volts this model take is it universal or something like that ?
can I use mac makeup airbrush foundation with it and not have to worry abt it clogging&gt;&gt;&gt;
Can you use these brushes with water only? What about with a disinfectant solution? I'm a barber so maybe that can help you understand.
can you use for spray tanning?
Where can I find a replacement coiled hose for this compressor? What is the name of it??
Can I use it for airbrushing cakes?
can it be use with acrylic paint?
There are several complaints about lack of pressure adjustment. Can I use this with a separate regulator? Seems like that should solve the problem.
Is this airbrush compatible with a master airbrush hose?
Is the Badger hose fiting compatible with this gun?
enamel, acrylic and lacquer paint???????. Will be using on automotive hand free designing and using stencils.
Is there anything else that comes with the airbrush?
does it come with a case?
Is this a legit Iwata Airbrush?
why is the needle chucking nut shown outside? is this some special function?
Is this good for makeup application?
Could you spray wood stain with this airbrush?
Does the cap come with the cup?
Does this compressor only work for Iwata airbrushes, or can I use it with other types like Badger? Does it have good and enough pressure to do the job
Does this support 220v or only 110v?
can you use this with copic airbrush system
Does the compressor ever shut off at pressure or did I need to buy the smart jet version?
Is this strong enough for the occasional tire inflation? I plan to use for airbrush, but it'd be nice to use for other tasks.
Does it only work for single action guns or also for dual action?
Does it come with a dual action spray gun or single action?
Are these white in color? They look like they have a silver tint
where are these doilies manufactured?
The listing states pack of 20 doilies but a review states she was disappointed when she only received 5 doilies. Is this listing for a 20 count?
I will like to know if I can paint the doilies with spray paint. This is EXACTLY what I'm looking but i need them in gold or champagne color.
What color are these?
can i use them as chargers
When I click on the 10" do I get only 1 doily or do I get 12? when I click the 12 package do I get 12 doilies or 12 packs of 12 doilies each?
It looks like a lot of Badger's products are out of stock (brushes &amp; paints). I have the Sotar backordered... anyone know what's going on?
what is the size of needle and tip in . mm / also what is the finest tip i can get for this airbrush
Can I change needle on this airbrush to spray Medium or Heavy thickness? and where can you purchase the head or needle? I don't see it on Amazon .
Will this airbrush connect to a Compressor/hose that has standard 1/8" BSP fittings?
how hard is it to clean?
why cant i buy it? im from Croatia, EU?
Just got this in and there is no cap on the paint resevour, did someone miss something when they packed it or is this some kind of extra purchase?
Is this good for makeup application?
does this come in some sort of case?
The pictre of the airbrush appears to have a spray regulator with protective arms. Does your offering have the spray regulator with the arms?
Embroidering multiple words: Do I need the additional software in order to embroider multiple words with a space between?
how to repair the automatic threader or bypass it
thread: Does anyone know where I can buy Brother thread by the spool online?
PED Basic - Embroidery Card: So my question(s) is/are: Anyone else ever have this problem?
SmartBox: on a brother sewing machine review you said something about a smartbox what is this?
Does it come with a foot speed pedal
What is the largest hoop size you can embroider? My current machine will do 5 x 7 but I can't find any more info about this one having anything larger
Tangled thread while embroidering: Does anybody else have problems with the thread tangling underneath while embroidering?
Automatic threader: What could I be doing wrong?
My Machine keeps reading safety device in place
What is the difference between the Class 15 and the Class 15J; are they interchangeable?
Will it fit my Singer 2263?
Will these bobbins fit my Singer Quantum Stylist 9600 sewing machine?
what singer bobbin will fit my 3116 model?
How many grams /yards is it?
DOES IT "PILL"?
Would someone using a loom be able to make a scarf from one roll?
WIs this a 4 or 3 ply yarn?
Is this #2 sport yarn
Does the lid snap on tightly so paints don't leak out or dry out?
What size is this palette, please?
Do you get one pallet or two? Do you also get the round pallet showing in the picture?
What is the size?
What do you use to take the glue of the roller when finished? (Woodworking Glue)
Do you ship to Uruguay? how much?
How do you clean glue, craft paint and alcohol ink from the roller?
Is this safe for food storage?
Hi, can you customize the buckets?
Is the lid reusable or does breaking the seal break the lid?
Hi, does standard 5 gallon lid fit your 2 gallon pail?
If you put some Listerine onto the sponge (or wet paper towels, if you get tired of cleaning the sponge), less mold will form.
I normally use golden acrylic color how is this brand?
I didn't get directions can anyone fill me in?
what are the dimensions? The size is not listed. I can't buy it or replacement paper if I don't know the size!
what is the size
what are the measurements?
What is the size
Will this work for watercolors as well? Or do I purchase this one for acrylics and a different kind of palette for watercolors?
does it work for oil colors? also whats the size of this item and does it include the sheets as well?
IS this for oil paint as well?
can i run a photo through it without damage the photo
what is the thickness of the double sided laminate?
Does the unit come with a cartridge or do I have to order one at the time of order?
What length is the cartridge that comes preloaded when you buy it? Is it the full 40 ft?
P.S. How long is the sticky cartridge? Thank you
Has anyone tried using this on ribbon?
Can this be used for my art projects i made? Like tissue paper, charcoal, oil panting, and other art sketchs?
What color is the adhesive? Transparent? Because i want to use on clear film but i am wondering is the adhesive might show on the film?
I want to use thick shimmer paper to make fancy mailing labels for wedding invitations. I am not sure if I would cut them out first (with a large paper punch) or if I would want to make the whole page a sticker, then punch them out. My question is,...
will the permeate stick to cardboard , medal, and plastic bags, if so can I apply them in the cold or dose it have to warm for them to stick ?
Can someone give a rough percentage of how much it shrinks once dry? Thanks.
Has anyone tried painting on the clay? If so, what type of paint works well?
How delicate is the sculpture once dry? I'm concerned about cracking.
how long does clay take to completely dry
best climate to dry this clay
Is the color of the grey Marblex self-hardening clay a soft grey, dark grey, blue grey, greenish grey? I need to know the color and depth of color
Is the cover plastic?
Does the cover fit snug on the palette?
Does the lid of this palette sit flat on the table so it can be used as a mixing palette?
Is this Wolbring palette?
can you please tell me the size of the drawer?
I cannot figure out how to get the 2 side legs down - the instructions that came with the easel are pretty bad
Hi, if bought directly from Mabef it comes with 2 years warranty. Will I get the same warranty if I buy from Amazon? Thank you
Are these true Mabef Easels with the leather strap?
What is the maximum height of the box of this easel?
Would you ship to the UK? Thanks
Also, I just wanted to check how much this would cost to send to New Zealand please? Thank you
Is this an authentic Mabef with lifetime warranty upon product registration?
do you need sticker paper to use?
Will this product work well with taking photographs and making stickers out of them? Thank you.
How much waste is involved? It seems there is a huge leader and footer when you put the items through. Is it cost effective?
Do I need to use the stickers that I make with this machine immediately, or can I save them for future craft projects?
I need to make professional labels with my product name and ingredients on it. Do I print the text I need and what kind of paper do I use?
Will this work to make beer bottle labels?
How does the design get onto the sticker paper? Do I have to draw it on?
Has anyone used this to make product labels that would stick to glass?
which machine will i recieve if i order? the white or blue one?
Will it work with thicker stock, such as business cards?
Does xyron make a laminate permanent adhesive for the XRN900? I want to make laminated stickers.
Hi crafters! I'm wondering if I can use this permanent adhesive for sticking labels on mason jars? is it easy to remove when I want to relabel?
Is this double clear sided?
looking for refills for my creatatopia is this the right one?
Will this particular refill work in my OLD Xyron sticker maker? I don't want to get something that won't fit!
I guess I'm skeptical that these are genuine Swarovski elements... are they legit?
Can this be used for an outdoor mosaic project?
what if i only want a single colour?
What if I don't want a mix of colors, but would rather buy lots of beads (100?) of just one color - how can I do this?
What is the size of the hole? I have 20gauge wiring and I wonder if it'll fit in the holes.
Whole size?
can I select 5 different colours to buy 100 of each?
I asked my question on the wrong bead, are these crystals GLASS?
Can I specify the colors that I want?
good night I wonder if I will be able to sell 400 red Swarovski LT SIAM
At what temperature is this baked at per inch of thickness? Can it be safely reheated after baking?
I'm looking to make 4 handprints (2 from a 1yr old and 2 from 6yr old). Will this 1 package of 8lbs be enough?
What are the dimensions of the 8lb package
What is the difference between this Sculpey white and the super sculpey beige? There is quite a difference in price between the two of them?
hello my friend... sending to Brazil?
How much does this shrink after baking?
Can you use it on denim
Is this appropriate for an 8 year old or too complicated?
I'm 25yrs old and never had a sewing machine before. I've always done all my clothing repairs by hand. Would this be a good machine for a beginner?
I am not interested in embroidery but I just need a machine to sew my torn clothes. Can it sew jeans?
Hemming jeans? Can this machine be used for hemming denim jeans?
What does this machine come with? This will be my first machine and I don't know if they come with basics like a seam ripper, pins, marking pencil...
Will this machine sew on jean material?
How easy is it to thread?
is it good for denim?
How do you slow down the sewing speed?
Is this fabric white or off-white?
What is the difference between the poplin and the twill? Is one better for certain uses over the other? What are your preferences? Thanks in advance.
What exactly do they mean by "hand wash"? What detergent, if any can be used? Can I use the hand wash cycle in front loading washing machine?
Should you use bubble jet set before printing?
Do you need to cut the roll, or can you print along the entire roll, in one long print? (For example, for a panoramic photo.)
Can you wash on gentle cycle and dry on low? I am using this to make craft tags for gifts, the items are wash and dry but will the tags hold up?
I want to make handkerchiefs for a wedding. Will this fabric work for that? Is it too thin? Unraveling along the sides is fine.
Can this be used to print images to be ironed onto T-Shirts and Mouse Pads?
Do you have to rinse and set after printing?
Has anyone used it on polyester, like Nike Dri-Fit shirts?
Is the picture smooth like the shirt
Can you use a laser printer even though it says ink jet?
Do instructions for use come with the product?
Ink smeared when I rinsed in water as instructed. Waited a day before to insure ink was dry. How can you stop this from happening?
Has anyone washed this without Bubble rinse? Do the colors fade?
Is this suitable to make labels with?
I need to print a photo and text onto black and white shirts-- does this product have any restrictions for that?
how do you feed the roll through an inkjet printer?
how does it work?
Where is this made in?
How do I dispose of water used to wet plaster?
Has anyone used this for making a pi&ntilde;ata?
How many rolls come with this order?
After it has dried, is it easy to cut? Want this for a craft project for 1st graders, they will need to cut it AFTER it has hardened
Can more than one kids face mask be made with one roll?
i read that plaster of paris has chemicals and isn't very safe on skin or around the face? any truth to that?
can it sew blue jeans
Comparison with Brother LS2125i: Is the Brother LS2125i anyway better than this model?
how do you fill the bobbin
Does the Brother XL2600I come with a foot pedal?
How easy is self-threading? My eyesight is declining.
denim
Just purchased this for my teenage daughter, are there other items I should get to go along with the machine when I give it to her ? Thanks so much.
what the maximum thickness fabric can this model sewing? i am planing to make living room curtain which is thick material. can this model work out?
Can I use it for machine embroidery projects?
Hello! This is will be my first sewing machine ever. What else do I need to purchase with it?
Can you use them with fondant?
Do you use these with a machine or can you use them with a texture tool?
will these roll through a pasta machine?
What is the actual size? How many in package?
Are the holes in these buttons large enough for my child to easily string a shoelace through?
Will the plastic kids needles used for yarn projects fit through the holes?
Can they laced on a pipe cleaner?
What are all the colors that are in this package? Just the ones in the picture?
How many are there of each shape?
what is the measurment of these buttons?
About how big are the buttons?
so why the sudden increase in price since I added them to cart 3 days ago found someone else selling for 8.09
About how many buttons were in the package? I need 240 buttons.
hoping to use these on a blackboard/chalkboard. Do these wash off fully from blackboards?
are the tips fine?
would this work well on my mirror? I wanted to write on my mirror closet doors
Will these show up on/be easily erasable from a standard black refrigerator?
car windshiels? if yes how do you erase them?
Can these be used to decorate glass windows?
does this work on foluresant boards like you would find in resturant to let you know the specials of the day
I'm thinking about getting these for a contact paper chalk board, does anyone know if this will leave residue?
does this have a handle?
Does it hold 12 x 12 paper?
what are the interior dimensions?
Does it store 11x14 paper?
Does it fit manilla folders?
What are the dimensions of this case?
Is this box made from polypropylene?
do you know the cotton content of this paper?
I am looking for watercolor paper that will bleed colors together. Is this the rigt type of paper?
how big are the sheets of paper?
I just received this unit. Never used one before. filled the jar with water and set pressure at 30 psi. air blows out, but no liquid. Whats up?
is the paint supposed to spray slowly? i can't get a heavy paint coat on the surface.
where can i find a Detailed manual on how to use this brush?
This may sound weird but I am looking to use this as a makeup applicator! Can this be achieved with this unit!?
Hola, has bent this one the compressor included???
what parts typically wear down first? and are there replacement parts?
what is causing paint to leak from the spray jar?
what is the maximum psi that should be used?
how do you widen the spray pattern?
has anyone else had problems getting thinned paint to spray from the glass jar?
Is the machine capable of a basting stitch? I see that the stitch length/width cannot be adjusted...
Does anyone use this machine for quilting? Can you sew through thick layers easily while quilting?
How easy is it to control the speed of the machine? Does it go fast by just lightly tapping on the foot controller? I need a machine that can go SLOW!
what is size of the machine?
Can anyone tell me if this comes with a case/cover and if so, the approximate outside dimensions?
Does it have a light?
How much does this sewing machine weigh? Thank
Is this a drop in bobbin?
what is the wieght of this machine?
Can you drop the feed dogs
Would this work well to dye a lab coat? Also, will it stain the washing machine?
Does this dye work on polyester?
Has anybody tried this dye in a front loading washing machine?
Which works the best,powdered or liquid dye?
How many would I need to dye a cotton anorak?
do you think this would work on a canvas chair and is it liquid or powder thank you
DO I NEED SODA ASH?
bleach spots on bright red carpet--any suggestions
If I used this on a cloth cap and went jogging, is it possible for the dye to "bleed out" because of sweat and end up coloring my skin on my forehead?
Can the colors be mixed?
Would this work well to dye a lab coat? Also, will it stain the washing machine?
Does this dye work on polyester?
Has anybody tried this dye in a front loading washing machine?
Which works the best,powdered or liquid dye?
How many would I need to dye a cotton anorak?
do you think this would work on a canvas chair and is it liquid or powder thank you
DO I NEED SODA ASH?
bleach spots on bright red carpet--any suggestions
If I used this on a cloth cap and went jogging, is it possible for the dye to "bleed out" because of sweat and end up coloring my skin on my forehead?
Can the colors be mixed?
will this work in a Brother XL 2600i ?
Will the bobbins fit Janome HD3000 sewing machines?
will this work with the singer?
Will the bobbin fit stock numbers SA156,SFB:XA5539-151 for brothers machine
Does it come with a case or trays?
how much thread on spindle? bobbin? 100% cotton thread? dual duty thread?
Will bobbins fit older Singer machines? I have model 9005, about 30 years old.
do these bobbins fit a brother sewing machine
Who makes the thread? Brand name?
what is the biggest diameter it could cut?
can I use this with fabric
how do you keep cutter press from jaming down
Can this be used with non fiskars templates?
Can this cutter be used with chipboard?
is this the full size or the mini
What size bows will this make?
What types of ribbon can be used with this machine, we are curious if it will work on wired ribbon as well as unwired ribbon?
is it better than the new zutter bow it all introduced in cha 2014 or is zutter one better
velvet
is it better than the new zutter bow it all introduced in cha 2014 or is zutter one better
Wondering if this would set 1/4' eyelets even though the largest setting tip is 3/16?
What size eyelets does this product actually set?
Can this product be used for setting eyelets/grommets in fabric?
orginal
is this a newer version?
are the stiches tight?
Would u tell someone to get it??
whats the adapter input
When u change threads~ how do u get the tread around the hook (read this in a review) underneath so it sews?
can i use it for a boat tarp
Does this cut felt easily?
What are the dimensions it can cut?
Can this machine cut a circle with a 4.25" diameter?
I understand that the bigger dies won't work but can an you use the smaller dies that are sold for the Side Kick and Big Shot? I like the red machine
Can you create or have customized die patterns of your own made?
Does the cutter cuts sq.
Can I use die cuts from this machine and put them in the sidekick machine?
will this work for this die? http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B006...
can I just buy the converter
what are the dimensions of the box and maximum length of the brushes that it can accommodate?
Are the foams pieces removable?
Is it only a plastic box with packing foam pieces or does it have brushes?
How many can brushes can it hold
Are the holes all the way through so I can pen mark the joining sections for sewing?
What materials are these templates made from?
IS THE SIZE OF #43 A 5 INCH HALF HEXAGON
Are the hexes literally 1" and 2" in size?
How long is #50 from flat top to point?
I want to use these pens to draw names on plastic wine glasses for a wine tasting party. Is the paint permanent or will it wash off the plastic glass?
how to removing a mistake
Product description says "certified non-toxic" but received it today and nothing on packaging or markers says this, did I get a different version?
How long do these take to dry?
will sharpie oil base pens work on wax candles?
Is there a glaze recommended for this paint?
Sharpie paint pens: Is it safe to bake the oil based paint?
Has anyone tried this on oven baked clay? If so, what is the staying power?
Will pens stick to oil painting canvas
How many pens will arrive at my address?
are there 1 or 12 pen in this order? It says 12 in a box.... which i read as, there i 12 pens if i bye this... or...
The price is $12.26. Is that for a box of 12 markers or just for one marker?
What is the tip size .4 mm or .6 mm? Thanks
How many markers come in a pack?
How many markers are in the package?
will this work on a brother 770
Brother PC 8500: Any suggestions on whee to get the 2.0 software require ?
I have a Baby Lock Accent, 4x4 field, almost 20 yrs old. Have been using the Magic Box Elite, just got a new computer and the Magic Box is outdated. Is this the same as a Magic Box but only does PES format? Will I have to do anything to this brand new...
Is the PED-Basic software compatible with the PE500 Brothers embroidery machine
when i download embroidery patterns, my computer cant open them or show what they are. will this software make my computer be able to see the design ?
Will this work with the Brother SE-400?
I have a Mac. What do I use on that to download emb. patterns purchased online?
Will it work with babylock machines?
I have a White 3300. I was told it is same as brothers. I am trying to find a way to go from a CD to the 2" square card that slides into the machine
i have windows 8.1, bernina software and magic box which is obselete will this work with what I have Brother machine PC-8500 thanks
whats the difference between this thread and regualr cotton thread?
can this tread be used on jersey material?
IS THIS THREAD GOOD FOR REGULAR SEWING
Does it include a #6 round brush
Are they long handled
What are the bristles made of?
what are the brushes made of
Do the bristles come out when you paint?
Can you use these with oil based paints?
What is the metal band made of on these?
Can you paint on wood with these?
Can you use the P Brush Princeton Series 9000 on watercolor paint?
Is this Made in China or USA ?
What is the measurement from neck to waist?
what is the smallest size you can ajust this to
can you adjust the torso length itsself, not just its height. for example, the length from the hip to the shoulder. i am tall and i have a long torso.
The top half of this mannequin works perfectly. The bottom half is too big with dial turned to smallest measure. Can it be adjusted down further?
Someone told me that you can add to it to make it larger, with stuffing I am a 3x now yeah for me I was a 5 x have lost 100 lbs and still going
does the stand come with it?
can you fit pants using the dress form?\
What are the body measurement range for the size large?
what is the largist size it go,s too
Hem Gauge was NOT placed on the bar before the bottom was attached, the top Locking Body Height Adjustment red ring does not come off; so now what?
medium covers what sizes?
Do the shoulder sizes on a dress form adjust? I have narrow shoulders compared to the rest of me. I would like to altar shoulders on store bought clothes also. Any suggestions
Was there any drawback to the color red when using this form? Distracting, hard to find pins?
my bust size is a 32 but this is 33 and i cant find a small do you think one inch will make a difference? i cant decide if i should buy it
how large does the brest, waist, and shoulders go?
what size do I buy?
What is the difference between the large and the small size? If it's adjustable, shouldn't the measurements be the same for both? I want to sew custom dresses and want to know before I purchase this dress form.
what size range is the medium. I just bought on and didn't catch sizes shown anywhere. When the box arrived it says it is for size 16 to 22.
Is the stand pretty sturdy? I need to make wings for a costume and wanted to know if more weight was applied to the back, would it become unstable?
Could you tell me please what size the medium is? For instance my daughter wears a 11. Would this work? What size does it go up to? Thank you.
I'm cosplaying as Nepeta and Sollux and I was wondering would I need 1,2,or 3 if I'm cosplaying as them over a 3 day period at a con?
How much surface area will one container of this cover? I need it for my face/neck and from elbow to shoulders. Will just one cut it?
How good does this look on darker/ black skin? I'm trying to cosplay Marceline the Vampire Queen. Would a medium grey work better?
Do I need a sealer so that it doesn't rub off or will it stay on my skin by itself? Thanks ahead for answering! (:
How well does this resist rubbing off on clothes?
Is there an expiration date for the paint? Will use it for a carnival and would like to save any remainder for the next year.
How long would it take for this to deliver to New Jersey with standard shipping?
i was wondering if a 18 ml is enough for a Karkat cosplay, and do you ship to Israel?
I need to something that will not crack or flake. The con i'm going to is in Phoenix during the summer, how does this hold up against sweat?
Is this safe to put on lips? and will it stay if I lick my lips?
Are these meant to arrive dry/solid and then you use a wet brush to apply them?
I'm in a musical playing a cat &amp; I need to cover my face completely with black &amp; white 3 times. Will one container of each color be enough?
Can I add color to this to make a different color? My daughter is planning to be Hello Kitty for Halloween and she needs a yellow nose.
How long will it take to post it to glostershire?
does this dry on the face quickly so I can use other color layers on top? Does it need water added or does it come creamy?
Can you use this for miming?
Hi - can you guarantee this arriving before next Wednesday?
Is there any carmine in this product?
What is the max weight this can handle?
The description claims that the base is laminated. Does it mean the wood isn't solid? What is laminated?
Is the canvas support tray wobbly? I looked at some of these easels at a local store, and the trays were very wobbly. is this a design issue?
how easily can this be broken down for storage, does it fold up on the bottom? If so, Apox how much space does it take up in storage, fit under a bed?
Can the frame be tilted back to change the angle?
Can it be tilted forward for pastel painting?
Where is it made?
Are there holes on the bottom so that wheels can be added?
What are the dimensions of the box it is shipped in?
is this a good easel to use for art display purposes only?
Will this oil work well with a Singer Featherweight, or is there a special oil for the Singer sewing machines?
What is the weight of this oil? 5, 10?
is this oil plastic compatable
Is this sewing oil toxic?
Can you use a 2" foam topper with a quilted mattress pad and still be able to tuck your sheet under?
Anyone experience a burning smell while inflating the bed?
How long is it? I need for it to fit the length of a 6.0ft tall person.
HOW LONG IS THE MANUFACTURER WARRANTY ?
what kind of warenty is there
how long does it take for the odor to subside?
What is the actual width of this mattress?
Can it be covered with a regular fitted sheet?
While inflating my intex bed built in electric pump smelled like it was burning anyone else experience tjis?
is it made in china?
Our Department uses only one of the curves in the set can they be purchased individually? Can you please help to advise.
is this curve still made in the USA?
is this curve still made in USA?
Any good reason why I cannot have a set of Copenhagen ships curves (6) delivered to New Zealand?
Could I use this to paint decorations on a sunshade made of 10 oz duck canvas?
What are the exact names of the colors included in this set?
How big is each tube? I know it says 118 mL, but I'm not sure how to compare that.
If I get paint on my clothes, does this paint wash out easily?
Can this paint be used on rocks?
Can this paint be thinned enough to be use for an airbrush? If it can be thinned to be used with one, what do you recommend using to thin it?
Can I use these paints on wine and champagne glasses? Do I have to bake them after to prevent it from washing off after use?
Can this be used on skin??
can I use these paints on a vinyl or plastic model of the hulk?
Does the paint go on thick, or is it a bit transparent, no matter how much you put on the canvas?
Does this come with a shoulder strap
Is there a pouch attached on the outside surface of one of this portfolio's sides?
Can it hold completed paintings that are framed, what is the inside width. Would it hold more then one. Also for holding paintings that not framed that are on canvas?
Would this be sufficient for storing some 36x24 prints at home to prevent them from getting kinked and bent?
Does this product have a window that could be used to look at prints while they are stored and protected? I want to look at my prints w/o taking out.
Can it unzip on both sides so that it can lay completely open (flat)?
The bottom is 2" wide, with a gusset which allows for expansion.Does it expand to 3", or, to a full 5 inches?
What do you place between the art works so pastels don't rub off on each other?
Is there a hard insert to help keep the portfolio from collapsing/bending when light mats are used on the artwork?
Does this portfolio have dividers inside to keep multiple pieces of artwork separate?
Approximately what size are these sponges?
Are they all different textures?
is this product soft enough for the face?
is this product soft enough for the face?
is this good for the face?
What are the types of pencils inside and how many of each? letter wise, such as H's and B's.
Would this set be appropriate for a 7 yr old who loves to draw but has not professional training?
What is the kneaded eraser for?
Is the packaging also a container to keep everything organized in?
?What is the Sketch Stick used for
Is the quality of the pencil reliable? I hate pencils that break when sharpened or that break easily.
would this be a good idea for a gift for a trained and experienced professional drawer?
(anyone want to buy me this please) how great is it?
Is the pencils good for beginners to use?
what is the charcoal stuff used for
Is it adhesive on one side?
It's too expensive.
How durable is it? From the photo it looks like it has lots of creases and is fairly blurry.
how long is the roll?
How many canvases are included in the price?
will they fit in a frame?
So is this for one canvas or 6 ?
Has the issue of receiving only 1 canvas instead of the stated 6 been resolved ?
Do these looms have the round type bulb at the top of each peg or a crochet hook type top to each peg?
What is the distance between pegs?
How many pegs does each size have?
How many skeins of yarn is needed for a typical adult scarf?
size of letter?
can you use them on metal?
What is the font?
would these work to mark silverware?
I am trying to put VIN numbers on my trailers will this set work on hardened steel?
what font is it?
What is the size of the print?
What size are these letters?
can these dyes be used for hot processed soap and cold processed soaps?
Do these colors migrate in melt and pour soap?
can these dyes be used for making body scrubs?
Is it 100% natural. Like is it made with beet power and other plant base ingredient? This is a must for me!!
what are the main ingredients?
Why is the listing titled : "Bulk Buy: Lily Sugar'n Cream Yarn Twists Super Size (6-Pack)" if it is only for 1 skein? Misleading!!!
Yes, knowing the weight, category &amp; fiber content would be VERY helpful. Why is there no description?
How many yards?
Is the price of $3.97 for 6 balls of yarn?
Anyone know the quality of this compared to the Singer? I have the Singer and thinking of exchanging for this...
Can you stick the pins into the form?
can I make sway back adjustments
What do you know about Dritz deluxe dress form medium
Can someone please tell me the measurement from the shoulder seam to the fullest part of the breast?
Is there a separate cover for this dress form?
How do I use this??!! The dress form is so light, it's unstable, and it's plastic so I can't put a pin into it for my life. How do you use this?
Do the dials have the measurements on them?
will this form work for a petite(i.e. short waisted) person?
Can someone tell me what the shoulder the apex measurements on the small dress form is?
Is this strictly for stained glass or would it be good for straight cuts - like for picture frames?
Need to buy oil or does it come with?
What cuts better carbide wheel or diamond wheel for cutting stain glass
Why is it that the replacement head is roughly the same price as the complete unit?
Does it cut 6/16" thick glass tile with mesh used as back splash?
Mine just arrived - the cutting head swivels, which is not mentioned anywhere. Is this deliberate? I need it to be rigid. Any modification for that?
Does it fit into a Morton glass cutting system?
Can this be used to cut bottles?
I need to cut a wedge in a cover for my aquarium. The glass is a bit thicker than typical stained glass pieces (I think). Would this work?
can you cut an arc or rounded shape?
I want to use to make a fireplace for decorations, would this product hold up to make a fireplace
I'm confused by the dimensions 3 x 3 x 48 and the weight of nearly 4 lbs. Is this a roll of paper? Thank you to everyone that answered! Can anyone give me an estimate of how much is on the roll of paper? 10 feet? Longer? I'm assuming its 48 inches tall.
What is the size of this roll?
what are the exact dimensions. 3x3x48 inches doesn't tell me much. ??
besides the palet and easel, what else should i prepare to get to be able to follow bob on his shows? ie colors, brushes, anything?
What else do I need to complete the paintings? Is there anything else I need to buy to complete the paintings?
What are the exact colours of paint that are included in this set? Thank You!
What type and size of canvas do I need to buy to follow along the instructions?
Do you cover the canvas with liquid white before painting or white gesso ?
what kind of brushes does Bob Ross have?
Anybody buy their thinner at Home Depot or Lowe's? If so, what brand? Michael's &amp; HL are $$$...
Although this may be unrelated to the kit, Do I need to buy canvas or can I follow Bob with A4 papers? to save money...
Can you please tell me exactly which brushes come in this set? Thank you.
What is the difference between the oil and the acrylic paints and which is best for which application.
Has anyone used this on the bottom of knit socks to make them non slip?
30 yrs my kid made me a card with this paint. I just found it. It looks like new. getting these for my g-kids. Anyone use it w/ card stock? Lately?
Would it adhere to glass?
Would this work on carpet?
when putting it on sock bottoms for non-slip, how do you steam it?
Does it work on crochet slippers?
Can this handle being machine washed?
How well do the puffy paints stay on fabric? Can it handle being washed multiple times?
what is the drying time?
Can you unscrew the cap?
How long does it take to dry?
is this safe to use on infant clothing (example: onesies)?
I want to make some baby booties non-skid. Wouldn't the regular puffy paint be better than this "SLICK" version? Also, would it stick well to fleece?
does it make a mess? If I make a shirt with this paint would the design crack or mess up if I wash it?
Will these paint on glass?
Also, what are the differences between this paint and acrylic paint, or are these the same?
would these work to decorate College graduation caps?
I want to use these for handprint aprons, would it be good to use for that and wash off of my kiddos hands ok? Thx!!
I was thinking of painting Vans/Toms any kind like those shoes. Would this be a good medium for it?
do you need to iron after paint is try to make it set?
How long do these take to dry on fabric?
does it was off?
Do the other 5 glow under black light?
Can these be used on other surfaces? Am looking for ones that can be applied to wood, canvas, paper and the likes....
I have lettering on a hoodie I would like to paint over with white or clear glow in the dark, will this harm the lettering??
Does this paint puff up
does it really work good?
Is this made in USA?
Over all size?
Are there large lego plates that fit perfectly into this table or do i have to buy a bunch of 10x10 lego plates?
Is it large enough for all Thomas The train tracks and shed?
Is there supposed to be a sizable gap on either one side or in the middle of the table (green boards) depending how you lay the tables?
Can this be used as a Lego table?
What is the height of this when assembled?
Does anyone use this with chairs or stools?
Has anyone tried painting the table and if so how? Like the table but not the color.
What is the height of the playing surface to the top rim of the table? We may want to get a 2nd one to expand the surface. (We already have one)
Can you use this to transfer photos to canvas? I've seen videos of it done just not sure if this is the right one to use.
can i get this in uk
Could this product be used to glue a jigsaw puzzle?
I'm looking to add some waves to my battle diorama , how is the final quality of the gel ?
does this dry clear?
Is the 8 oz the Gloss Gel or Acrylic paint? I know the description says Gel but after I put it in my cart it says paint. But if I add the 16 oz to the cart then it says gel. If I order the 8 oz one will I get the Gloss Gel as expected?
Is this Gloss Gel or BASICS Acrylic Paint? The item name/photo on the page is for Gloss Gel but in my Cart it says Acrylic Paint, Cadmium Red.
I have been interested in making clay charms, would this clay do the job?
I want to make a footprint ornament from clay. Would this work for that?
How long does it take to dry?
Is it possible to prevent dry paper clay product not to crack or brake by acrylic or enamel paint or soak it in laquer?
What are e Ingredients?
is this product ideal for making a hand impression for an 8 year old girl?
Would this be good for mixed media art? I want to glue some clay pieces to canvas with acrylic medium and paint them. Should I use this or polymer clay?
Does this product have Gluten in it?
does clay shrink when it dries
For a Day-Timer planner with holes configured exactly as seen in the product image, will it work? Seems like many unsatisfied buyers, but all were moving the punch heads, and I shouldn't need to. Can anyone confirm?
Will it work with a Daytimer that has 7 holes but the middle three are closer together than the outer two on each side?
can this product be used with a4 sized paper (two holes 8cm apart)?
Can this product be used with legal size sheets?
Is this paper suitable for making patterns for clothing?
Could this be used as wrapping paper?
Would this paper work for wrapping gifts
Would this paper work for a "tracing an outline of a body" art project?
Would this work for blacking out windows?
Could this paper be used to fold paper flowers? Is it thick enough to hold its shape but be easily folded at the same time?
Can you tape things to this paper?
If you want to cover the tables for a party with this, will it show wrinkles?
Does this have a "center" to be put on a roll... how heavy is it??
I want to use this for table covers for child birthday party... to use with crayons. Will this definitely work well with crayons?
What flavors are the different colors? Is one best for veggie tempura? (Don't eat meet...)
Is it washable?
I want to start making figures. Would it stcik on them or would it fall off?
Can this be used to paint in wooden surface?
Is it thick enough to put a small squeeze of several colors on a paper plate for a palette for students or do you have to use cups?
Is this like acrylic paint? Would it stick to styrofoam and not melted?
It is too think and doesn't cover well. I've added water, detergent and even thinner. What else can be done?
Can this paint be used to paint a mural on a wall?
can this paint used with airbrush of 0.2 and 0.3 mm size or should be with 0.35 and 0.8 mm size
Can you use this on house windows to paint pictures for like Christmas?
Does the glue gun come off the stand?
Does it come wth glue sticks?
Does this take the 6000 nozzle kit? If not, which gun(s) will?
I have .5 inch glue sticks will they fit in this gun?
What are the fahrenheit of the two dual temperature settings?
Does this work well for heating up and dispensing sealing wax?
Does it have a switch to turn it completely on/off or only a switch for high/low heat?
Does it come with the glue stand that is shown in the picture?
I need to buy a new glue gun. Any suggestions?
What color is the glue gun?
Will this work with a Webster's Pages - Color Crush Personal Planner?
Can this be adjusted so that the six holes are evenly spaced, or must there be a larger division in the center of each set of three?
Is it pre-set to punch holes for my new Personal size FiloFax or will I have to set it up?
will it work on day-timer organizers with pages that measure 3 3/4 x 6 3/4 ?
would this also work for the A5 size of Filofax?
Franklin Covey Pocket Planner sheets 3-1/2" x 6" - two sets of 3 holes, 6 holes total - 1-1/2" btwn sets, 4-1/2" first to last hole. Will this work?
how to adjust the slides?
Greetings, will this punch holes for an A5 size?
Can this hole punch be set up to punch a 5 1/2" page with holes at 1/2", 1 1/4", 2", 3 1/2", 4 1/4" and 5"? Thank you
what colors are in the kits
are the tubes 250 ml each (8.5oz) or a total of 250 ml combined?
can these be used for glass painting and baked?
Why is the two set purchase price over three times as much as the one set price ($29.44-1set/$109.95- 2 sets)? Why not, 2($29.24) =$58.48?
watercolor look can that be achieved
can I use it for T-shirt? and, is it washable?
can these paints be used on glassware
Can these be used with an airbrush for body painting?
Would this be a good set for my 9 year old granddaughter?
Can this paint be used for acrylic nail art
What colors are in the set?
are the same colors in the larger 132 color pencil set?
what colors are in the set
Are they erasable? If so can they be erased with kneaded erasers?
Are all pencils primier colored pencils for portrait Or the set Is a combination of primier and verithin?
Is this handmade or machine made?
is this translucent paper?
how can I insert 25' x 2' textile in scroll format?
can this be used for wet folding origami models?
Does it have added fiber?
Does it dissolve in water?
Is this paper primed or waxed on one side? Thanks!
Can I get this in larger than 11" wide? I need something around 24-28" wide.
Does it come out nice if I print on this paper? (Using Canon printer).
Can I use this paper to clean my katana? The paper I received with my sword cleaning kit was very thin (like tissue paper) but durable.
how big is the table top?
Are the wheels a problem. I mean does the table slide?
What angles does the table tilt? Can it be tilted verticaly?
is there plenty of room for a chair to fit comfortably under the table and also to what angle does the table tilt?
Can you install lighting under the table so it becomes a light table
Any one know how to purchase spare parts? We are missing one of the black supports for the side drawers/tray after moving.
is this table capable of a pure horizontal table top (flat and parallel to floor) position?
Can a drafting machine be attached
Does this adjust low enough that it would work for a 6 year old? I want to get her a art table for her bday and its either these kind or ones for toddlers.
What are the measurements of this closed?
Will it hold a drawing board securely for works on paper?
How deep is the drawer section?
Will it work with small canvases like 8x10?
Is this the same as the Utrecht tabletop easel?
Are the black and light wood box easel exactly the same? The clasps look very different.. is the quality the same?
Will the easel hold an open mixed-media sketchbook? 9x12 or larger and up to 1.5 inches thick?
Lots of info on how large a canvas it expands for, but does it accept 6x6 work? What it the smallest size it can hold?
My son got this for me from Amazon and there are no instructions on how to set it up. I can't get it to open up to the position you see to use it
dimensions
New to "clutch" pencils~is this supposed to be mechanical style? We can't seem to move the lead in or out without dismantling
Is it a 2B
Is it uncomfortable to hold? Like compared to an average man who is 5'5 will I have trouble with it? Thanks.
what is the length of the holder? Top to bottom, without figuring any lead.
how do you sharpen the lead? I saw a video that pulls the plunger straight out. Mine unscrews...
Do 120mm refills fit in pencil case?
can you buy refils?
Is it thin enough for rice writing?
what diameter are the leads?
Would these adhere to something like plexiglass without tape or glue?
I am trying to do an oceanography lab and need to layer 8 BLUE sheets on top of each other to demonstrate how red disappears at depth- will this work?
Will gold spray paint adhere to these? i want to make a wrap to imitate morroccan tea glasses
I'm thinking of using this to insert into white led outdoor walkway lights to change the colors. Would this stand up to exposure to sunlight?
Could I print something on this? I'm afraid it my melt in my printer.
I want to use the cellophane (for ex yellow as a circle) on faux painted walls, the glaze could be the adhesion. Could it work?
Are these glossy/shiny or matte?
Could I use these to make fake stained glass windows for a middle school play if I glue them to clear plexiglass?
Can they be used to give color to uplighting without melting?
Can these be used for origami?
Are the people, trees and such made out of wood or plastic? Is it sturdy enough for a library-environment?
Is this compatible with Thomas trains?
Is this table compatible with chuggington trains? Thanks.
What are the dimensions of the table
compatible with Imaginarium train sets?
Would this be good to use as a lego table for older kids My 9 year old is just really into legos. Would it store a lot of legos in the bins?
What is the reversed side used for?
Is this table too low to pull up a chair to sit at it? Would my toddler be able to fit his legs under to use the table to draw, etc?
I would like to know how high the table part itself is? (without the legs included) Wondering if this will fit under my couch when not being used.
Anyone know where you can buy just the train set? No table. Anyone know where you can buy just the train set?
How many pounds is it?
I am curious how much this weighs.
Can I make a set of fake teeth
Is this clay self hardening or does it need to be fired
so this clay can be air dried? I'm sorry I am a beginner and this will be my first clay purchase
is this clay non-toxic? can be used to make, a cup, for instance?
what is the cone fire for this clay? and is it a little tannish in color, or really light grey when wet.
If you fire the clay at 500. How long would u keep it in the oven? The electric oven
Am I understand this right? 50 lbs for $22?
can you use your gas oven to fire it or does it have to be a kiln?
what is the cone fire for this clay? and is it a little tannish in color, or really light grey when wet.
Is this stone clay?
if this clay dries, can it be moistened and remolded again?
Is the stand black or chrome? Also, is the vertical part of the stand completely vertical or angled? Different photos of the product are shown.
How far out from the edge of the table does the projector position? When projecting on the floor does the table shadow interfere?
How tall can the vertical arm become?
Is this product come with the projector and the stand? Is the stand has to be clamped on the table edge? How thick the maximum table edge could use it
I normally draw pen and ink on 18x24 paper. How big an image does this project to the desktop? How close will it come to filling an 18x24 space?
How doees this stand attach to the projector? I have a Super Prism with both lenses.
How small can you make a picture?
is it just a stand or is it a projector also?
totalline humidifier filter
can you use this stand with the designer? i only need the stand and do not see it available alone here.
Are the pages perforated?
is the paper bright or off-white?
How is the paper quality? Is it thick? If I sketch in pencil and trace over it with a ballpoint pen or sharpie, will it leave marks on the other side?
Can you refill the paper?
What specific weight is the paper?
Is it easy to scan my sketches in a scanner without tearing the pages out?
does it lay flat for sketching?
Is there any wire or metal inside?
is the paper medium or heavy duty?
Can it hold acrylic paint at all?
is it safe to sand resin model kits using this booth to filter resin dust?
Can this booth be used ductless. I am concerned about overpray, not odor
Safe to use with Tamiya Acrylics that are flammable?
How well would this work if you are spraying Duracoat instead of normal paint? Also would you still wear a mask if you use this booth? thanks.
does this booth come with a venting hose?
is it noisy have small room in hall connecting to neighbour and don't want something that will disturb them
this listing states 5 year warranty - who provides this warranty?
Can you spray with cans or just with air brush
I dont have a way to vent outside and dont have an outside heated area to use my airbrush. Any ideas??
what are some of the uses of a ligfht box
is this battery or electric
Can it be used to view old negatives?
How many bulbs does it take, and is it easy to replace?
What is a "popular 12 8 watt bright white bulb". Do you mean a 12 Watt, a 128 Watt, or 12 bulbs at 8 watts?
Can I trace photographs with this? Is the light bright enough to go through photos?
i just got my artograph but it seems the lightbulb did not work. it is never switched on, only when i press the lightbulb with my fingers it will work
By eye safety, is the UV almost blocked out completely? Too much exposure to UV can cause cataract damage.
Does it plug in or use batteries?
is the light bright enough for stained glass
Has any quilters used this for tracing templates and applique?
Has anyone used this to photograph negatives?
Does it have a cord or use batteries?
Weight of paper
does the paper have a rough texture? or is it more smooth like a bristol sheet?
Is there perforation on the edges of the paper?
Is the paper lined?
size of sketchbook
Is this what I should use to transfer a photo to cloth?
After I transfer a photo, can I use this on top as a finish or is it just for the transfer process?
Can this be used with photos printed on a ink jet printer?
I would like to try transfering pictures to a tree fungus instead of wood. Would this gel work and would I have to coat it with gesso first?
can you use this on plastic, silicone and/or fabric?
Description states, "Usually ships within 2 to 4 months". I'm hoping that is an error because I was just about to order this.
I'm trying to bond rice paper to acrylic - would this work?
When using this to transfer laser print photos, how long should I let it dry before rubbing off paper?
Most of the reviews state that this product works well when transferring photos to wood. Does it also work to transfer photos to porcelain/ceramic?
Does Liquitex professional matte gel transfer laser photos equally well on canvas and wood? Or is using wood the better choice?
I want to project a 5" x 5" image onto a 6-foot by 6-foot area. Can this projector make an image that large?
Is this sold with a bulb?
Can the image you are projecting from be larger that 5"x5"? ind if so, up to how much larger? Thank you~!
Most of the concerns was the excessive heat from the bulb. What can be substituted to lessen heat and what wattage if led ?
I do custom painted windows on re-claimed windows, would it project an outline (enlarged) onto a window?
Can I project an image to the size of 40x40 inches onto the wall?
What is the difference between this one &amp; the opaque one? Thanks in advance!
What is the power source?
Is it battery operated? or plug in and does it fit australian power points? What type of bulb do i buy? are they easy to access?
Would it work with iphone screen instead of a printed picture?
may i know how to use it?
may i know how to use it?
is this double sided?
Is it 11 x 14 in? Because the pictures shows the 9 x 12 in pad
Ad says 11 x 14 but when I click on the pad it says 9 x 12...which is it.
Can this be used to transfer words or graphics to a painted piece of wooden furniture?
do brushes used with this product need to be cleaned with solvent or can they be cleaned with soap and water?
Will I need to use a finishing coat to set the image and brighten it?
Is this the product I would use to put on top of an inexpensive store bought poster to create the look of an oil painting?
I want to use this on acrylic painted clay, will that work? Also is it truely matte, its not shiney like a gloss or satin varnish?
Can this product be used on reborn vinyl dolls?
Can liquitex matte varnish be used on oil painting
Will this protect decoupaged tiles if they are installed in a wall around a pool?
Can this be used to protect photos i printed and placed on coffee cups.in other words can cups be washed after i apply this?
Can put this varnish on painted drywall to prevent the airburshed acylic paint from being absorbed?
I want to use this product on the bottom of ceramics so that they don't scratch surfaces, will this product work that way?
Can I paint 5232 varnish over 6132 varnish ?
Is thickness and appearance the same as regular gift wrapping tissue, or different?
I have a soft leather baby shoe that I want to restore back into shape. Will this be safe for a 110 year old shoe?
Are these sheets single or are they ment to be put into a folder? I noticed in the picture it looks as if there is little rings on them.
lignin free?
Can you please tell me how to use this paper to preserve fine art prints that are rolled up? Or must they be flattened and put in an art folder?
Does acid free tissue paper also mean it is sulfur free and can be used for wrapping silver?
Wedding dress
what is the pH of the paper? is it neutral?
What's on the CD that's included? They look beautiful.
How would one purchase specificcoloured pencils. A few colours are used so much that they are getting rather short. Where can I get replacements?
Do they work the same as Polychromos (the non-watersoluable version) when used as a dry medium?
Is there a recommended blending product, or a method to make the colors appear more solid?
This is Albrecht durer siries, right? like in the picture? thanks (-:
I wonder that if you could deliver to China, how much?
Hi there, do you ship to Australia? How much is the delivery? Also, is there any metallic colours included in the set?
you deliver to brazil ? how much delivery?
Can you tell me how wide the opening is when you take the top off?
what size is this in mm? I am looking for something larger than 100 mm. Thank you.
can you take the top off so you can put things inside the ornament?
Does the 1/4 inch grinding head screw into the grinding shaft above/on top of the 3/4 inch head or does one need to remove one to replace it w/other?
Hi Marjean B. If you liked this new purchase so much, why did you give it just one star?
I inherited a Super Star ll Glagtar and need instruction, concerning water. Can I buy a manual?
Can I use this to clean the edges of cut bottles?
will these work on the gas star grinder
Does this come as pictured with eye shield, splash guard, insert, and sponges?
when these machines are ordered to be sent to new Zealand are they 230 volts to suit our electrical system.?
Does this spray a lot of water? Is some sort of splash guard needed?
Does this come with the eye shield? If not, how much is the eye shield?
What is the horse power of this model?
Im designing ipods for my son's party Im using packs of gum measuring 3 and 3/4 by 2 is this product lg enough to wrap around gum and how many comes in the order?
How Many Of Each Color Is There And What Colors?
Is this double-sided foil paper
Will this work with an adhesive design like a rub on? Thanks
how many sheets is there
I am looking at buying a Brother PQ1500S High Speed Quilting and Sewing Machine and I would like to know if the Grace Frame Sure Stitch Regulator/Sewi
I have a Husqvarna Diamond. Will this work with my machine and how large a quilt can it handle?
I am having a problem attaching the regulator to the rear of the frame, doesn't want to sit right and noictures to follow.
Do the colors look a little different when writing on white paper?
Do these look colorful if I use them on black paper, like the one of those scrapbooks you see at weddings?
is the purple in the souffl&eacute; set a lavender color? I need a true lavender.
can you use these on glass or metal? Or just paper?
Do theese pens write on glass?
how good are these pens for drawuing and animating Manga art?
Is there any space to write anything next to photos?
I ordered an album for photos. I was looking for a scrap book to put invitations, programs and other memorable items. Will this do the trick?
Do the plastic pages come with the paper insert or do you have to buy that separately?
How many actual pages are there for photos to be inserted? Example: 10 pages which equals 20 photo pages...
Can this album be expand with more refills?
will it work on windows 7
Can you design different blocks into one quilt, like a sampler quilt? Or do the blocks all have to be the same?
does this work on windows 8
I want to do T-Shirt quilts. Will it help me arrange different size blocks?
do i need eq7 to use this?
Does anyone know where I can download the program? I do not have a cd drive. Thank you
Will this software work on a MacBook Pro?
Will it help me enlarge and reduce block sizes? Does it calculate the seam allowances?
Does this program have the hexagon quilt template?
Once I design the top, will the software calculate how big, or small, to cut my fabric to achieve the finished block size I want?
flash time/ cure time/ recoat time?
Used on bar. Mostly beautiful but a few places around the edges are tacky and now have finger prints in them. Will a second coat hide the prints?
I used this product on a table and had two small dips would It be possible to fill just the dips and even out or pour over the entire surface?
I have an old closet door that I drew and painted cartoon charaters on it. I want to turn the door into a table for my son will this protect the pain.
Will this eat styrofoam?
Followed directions and it settled onto the wood 100% crystal clear, after settling 3 days time it took on a cloudy look, anything I can do?
Has anyone tried mixing this with pea gravel for the an epoxy pea gravel floor?
We did our countertops with this product, only to find that after we applied it, it has dimples and uneven. What can we do to repair this?
Can you sand and recoat
Used clearly on my countertop it didn't self level &amp; I have ripples now that it has dried! What can I do?
Are the dimensions correct? What are the correct dimensions?
How much weight can these hold when being transported (picked up)?
Could these be used to store hanging files?
Could a baby playing with the box accidentally collapse it? I'd like to store toys in the box, but would be a hassle if it's constantly collapsing
what are they dimensions?
Has anyone ever used these to store record albums?
I know these are collapsible, but if you turned one upside down, and placed something on top of it, would it support, let's say, 5lbs?
this box has two different sets of dimensions. What are the correct dimensions?
An Etsy seller suggests this to use as colored cardstk for stamped wedding invitations. The question about it smearing concerned me - would that work?
can this be used on paper napkins with clear stamp?
I bought some white pigment ink and made a card and the next day I touched it and it smudged.Why does this happen?
Can the stamp pad ink be refilleD?
I would like use this ink to stamp my logo on kraft paper box.Do you think would it work?
Would this work on a printed canvas?
Does it dry right away when you heatgun the embossing powder?
Can I use this on fabric, and if so, will it be permanent?
is there an ink pad around the size of 5x7?
Is this good to use I fabric and is it permanent ?
An Etsy seller suggests this to use as colored cardstk for stamped wedding invitations. The question about it smearing concerned me - would that work?
can this be used on paper napkins with clear stamp?
I bought some white pigment ink and made a card and the next day I touched it and it smudged.Why does this happen?
Can the stamp pad ink be refilleD?
I would like use this ink to stamp my logo on kraft paper box.Do you think would it work?
Would this work on a printed canvas?
Does it dry right away when you heatgun the embossing powder?
Can I use this on fabric, and if so, will it be permanent?
is there an ink pad around the size of 5x7?
Is this good to use I fabric and is it permanent ?
Want this for a finger printing project, how difficult/easy does this ink wash off hands?
what are the color names in the shabby chic colorbox pigment petal point set?
I have a 2.5" diameter stamp. Can I dip the whole thing and get a rainbow image? Or are there raised dividers that would interfere?
Are the individual stamp colors removable so I don't have to get a rainbow with larger stamps?
Anyone know if this will work on a canvas? I want to collect kids thumbprints on a canvas for an art project. Thanks!
Does this ink bleed through (planner) paper? Will it stamp clearly with small clear acrylic stamps?
Hello, I just got my package, but the Itam have some damage, the cover have rupture . how can i do ???
What are the names of the colors (in clockwise order)? I'm making a chart of the colors for a friend and only have the name of the set.
How long does the ink last? Is one enough for 100 thumbprints?
What kind of material should I apply the ink on? Is paper or poster kind of paper good?
Can you tell me the size of each nib in milimeters? Thank you!
what colors of ink are there?
Does the set come with paper?
Is this suitable for a 6 year old?
Does this product work well for left handers?
This may be a stupid question, but can you dip nibs into ink for writing as well or just use the cartridges?
Does this set come for left handers
How long does it take for the set to arrive when you order it ?
This may seem a little silly, but I cannot seem to get the ink to flow into the nib. There are no instructions in the booklet for doing so. A little guidance please.
Maybe this seems silly, but I can't seem to get the ink to flow into the pen...and there arn't instructions for doing this. Can anyone give a little guidance please.
Is the pen that you dip in ink then write.
I ran out of the ink that came with the little cartridges. But I can't find refills. Does that mean I have to throw away the pen? I like the nibs
What are the measurements of the nibs, especially the broad. How wide of a stroke does it make in millimeters?
will pilot cartridges fit?
What color is the pen?
is it made in china?
Assorted colors? What colors? Have this product with black ink only?
Can you use a refillable piston converter with this pen?
I need to drill very small holes (1-2mm) in crystals - Will this set do the trick?
Do these work with the dremel tool?
I am hoping to purchase this set to drill holes into resin to make jewelry. Will this set work for that?
is there a particualar bur used to drill through glass? iv tried 3 of them and it has not worked...do i need to apply more pressure? it is in water.
I can use this to cut a hole in a glass vase? A pretty good size hole, as it will be used to hang with an Air Plant in it. Thnks.
do these recommended bits fit the Wen flex shaft?
Which Rotary tool does this set work with?
can this be used w a dremel engraver? sorry i have no experience and want to know if i can engrave stones with it! thanks
What speed should I use these tools to cut gemstones: high speed or low speed? I use Dremel 4000.
Do these work with a Foredom flex shaft?
Is it 240v or 120v?
How long Power Cord?
Is this the standard/high temp or the low temp model?
Does this Gun come with the stand, being that it's not pictured in this photo
How many watt is this gun?
Does work with standard 12mm glue sticks? Is that true that it's made in china???
Doesbthis gun heat up and stay heated up? I'm looking for a gun that I can use quickly for a solid 2 to 3 minutes.
Does the gun come with glue sticks or do you have to pay additional for the sticks&gt;
What type of glue sticks can it use? What kind of glue sticks can this gun use?
Does it have a European plug?
what are the sizes of this set of markers
What is the difference between the B-2 and A-2 copic marker sets?
Can refills be purchased for these pens?
Are these refillable as the other Copic markers are?
Are these black ink? If not black, would you please be so kind to advice which ones I need? Thank you for your help.
Would you reestock this markers? I need 4 packs, and there is only one left.
Are these similar to a Pigma Micron? I've been using those but my copic markers are causing the lines to bleed when I go over them with color.
Would these work for drawing on a Guitar without the design rubbing off. Someone suggested this brand of marker to me but i have never used them
are these alcohol based ?, what it means-pigment based, all markers are pigment based..
Are the markers in this set compatible with the Copic Air Brush System?
How many days shipping time?
What is the difference between A B C and E colors.?
Are you charged import fees for these products when you buy them, or is the price I pay the total price I will have to pay?
what is your lacation, and why does it say when ordering 18-32 business days or 1-3 business does it cost more in shipping?
the difference between A and B? If this were my first copic marker set, which one would be better (assuming I wouldn't want to keep buying additionals
Do you have to use these with any special paper?
what is the shelf life of these markers?
I only see the flat tip on the picture, do the other end of these brushes come in a brush tip?
what is difference between set A and B?
What colors are included in this set?
How long does it take for the Copic Markers to get to Miami, FL?
Is it worth it using these markers in an air brush system?
what is the difference between copic and copic ciao?
will these work on plastic materials with the air spray system ? ABS material ?
how long does it take to get them to PA, USA
Where do these ship from?
can you open them to refill
I want to buy individual markers, not a set. Who sells them individually in a wide variety of colors?
What makes them better than other markers?
If the ink is waterproof, do you need to use something other than water to clean your pen?
is it in a glass or plastic bottle?
Lamy said my leak could be because of this ink. Any other Lamy owners experience this problem?
How long would this bottle last?
how does this compare to private reserve ink?
Will this ink work for writing on glass?
Hello, I must have an ink, which is waterproof, does not bleed/smear on writings where there is a splash of water/snow-flake. Black, &amp; show/navy blue.
I received this ink and it seems like more of a light brown than a black. Does this match with others' experience? I was expecting something darker.
Does this ink work well in regular fountain pens. I asked Pilot directly if they sold waterproof inks for my Pilot Metropolitan fountain pen. They answered that they do not, and they recommend against using waterproof inks in fountain pens because they...
Would this be a good drawing ink?
How is this item packaged please?
Would you recommend this for a left handed person? We have a lot of lefties in our family...
will these work for Left handed seamstresses?
Are these made in Italy? I read elsewhere that Italian Gingher scissors were the best. That's hearsay but I was curious to know.
The one customer picture above shows the scissors cutting scallops rather than zigzag. Can anyone confirm how these cut? Is the photo of the scissors cutting green paper accurate? Thanks!
What is the difference between the Sanford Prismacolors and Prismacolor Premier markers? Thank you &lt;3
Can you please specify the colors in the box cause I don't want to buy the exact same colors I already have. Thank you!
Can these be used on wood panel?
does this 72 box set come with a studio stacker or case?
Do the markers bleed when they come in contact with water?
are these alcohol markers?
what is the best paper to use?
do these include some skin tones
There has not been a clear answer to this question. Chisel or brush tip?Picture shows chisel. Description says brush. I want chisel.
Hello!.prismacolor this is a pack of 72 brushed tip or chisel? cuz in the description sayd that is brushed but the profile image looks like chisel!
Is this paper thicker than a paper bag?
Is this actually 200 feet or 200 inches?
I want to use it as a table cloth at my wedding reception to label food. Would this work for that, covering a rectangle tables?
Would this work for life size paper doll? I want to trace the child's body and cut it out for them to color and take home
if you use a permanent marker, does it go through to whatever is under it?
Is this FDA approved for cooking processes with food?
Would this paper be strong enough to use for shipping? Like wrapping a box or book in it and use it to ship?
What colors can you select from?
Will this paper hold up to finger painting? (and then using as wrapping paper)
Has anyone painted over this paper? My landord said i can not paint an accent wall and i want to hang this on the drywall and paint over it.
I am undecided between this big tub of 4 colors and the big box of 1oz individuals. Will this clay stay soft if kept in ziplock bags or tupperware?
Does this clay dissolve in Water? I am looking for something that does.
Is there a way to permanently stabilize it. I've found that it survives for a long time, but after about 5 years it starts to fall apart.
is each peice 2lb? what tools does it include?
How much clay does model magic packs hold? My daughter told me about it. She made adorable little pigs with it from school.
Can you paint it after it dries?
What size are the actual letters once they are stamped?
Does the box come with a lid?
Is it suitable to decorate planner insert medium size? :)
What material is the actual stamp made out of? Is it rubber or is it wood?
Would this ink clean easily off of laminated paper? Kind of like dry erase ink?
Would this ink clean easily off of laminated paper? Kind of like dry erase ink?
When stamping do you get only the letter or also the edge of the square?
Is the ink on the stamps a permanent type ink?
are numbers included?
Do the actual stamps have a box around each letter, or is that only on the wooden handle?
Do you have a list of colors included? Also, please confirm that these are rayon.
Is rayon better than polyester?
Is thread polyester or Rayon?
Can you eventually ship it overseas as an exception?
1100 yards PER spool? That's what the product info says.
Is this 40 wt?
About how many projects can one complete with an average spool of thread (assuming you only use one color which I'm sure doesn't happen often)?
is this a good thread to use with singer future quartet 6000?
What is the right way to use these paints on an xbox controller? My son keeps trying and even with clear coat it rubs off and fades from holding/sweat
Does this type of paint eat up EPP foam?
What kind of thinner should I use?
Can a paint adhesion medium be added to this?
if i wanted to thin paint down more use water ?
can I use this paint on plastic fingernails?
Can I use this on someone's face?
does it includes airbrush cleaner
Can this paint be used for touch ups with a brush?
is this exterior grade paint? Can I use it for artful grafitti?
Is this cloth 100% cotton? Also, is it treated or untreated?
Is it safe for jewelry with stones, for example, turquoise?
is this ok for platinum and white gold?
can you use this cloth on diamonds?
Can these cloths be cleaned? Or do you throw them out once they are totally black?
The pictures show three different products. One shows no paper guide on the left side, another pic shows a swing up paper guide and a third picture shows a sliding adjustable guide. Which picture is correct?
Can the paddle be locked in the down position for easier storage?
is this made in america?
Will this punch thru a magazine??
Reviewers speak of holes close to edge. From left edge of paper, how far exactly is first edge of hole (at 9-o'clock position)? ___mm | ___inches
legal paper to be 3 holed punch. Is it adjustable for legal paper?
Reviews indicate the holes are close to the edge of the paper. What is the measurement between the edge of paper and the hole?
Does is require assembly or can I just take it out of the box and use it?
is the puncher ajustable
What size paper holes does it make
Will it hold a canvas 31" tall? It's wider than that, but I can always use two easels to accomodate for the width.
Will this hold 22"x15" corkboard with Jewelry displayed on it; I use wooden easels, but are to heavy.
wil this work for canvases that are 16"x20"?
what are the dimensions when this is folded for packing?
Will it hold a heavy clock?
From the description, the back leg allows for an adjustment of the easel's angle. What is the most "declined" angle, or "shallow" tilt?
weight?
Will it hold a 24"x36" if I place it horizontally?
How tall is this?
Would these easels be sturdy enough for children to use in art class?
approximately how many beads are in the package?
Are these beads good for baking crafts?
Does it fit in the pipe cleaner?
WILL THEY GO ON A 5 MM DIAMETER CORD??
Can these be used with beading loom?
about how many beads does it come with?
Approximately how many beads are in a 1lb bag? Thanks!
What size is the actual cut-out ? Will it nest with the x-large oval ?
What is the actual dimensions of the cut-out oval - large squeeze punch?
Will these cut aluminum cans?
I wanted to know the actual size of the oval cut-outs, width &amp; height? I wanted to know if the actual cut-out of the heart was 2 inches?
I wanted to know the actual size of the oval cut-outs, width &amp; height? I wanted to know if the actual cut-out of the heart was 2 inches?
can someone please tell me what size is the circle cut? medium doesn't tell me anything. i'm searching for 3/4 inch. thank you!
Are you able to place this a few inches into a piece of paper or photo or do have to punch right at the edge of the paper?
Can it cut well with sticker paper?
can someone please tell me what size is the circle cut? medium doesn't tell me anything. i'm searching for 3/4 inch. thank you!
What about photo prints, will it cut those?
how many sheets will it punch at once
looking to punch some 2mm cardboard, can this do it?
Will this punch cut 200 mesh wire filter material?
WHAT DECTIVES PUNCHES HAVE BE DISCONTUNED?
what size hole does it make?
what size is the circle? even a zoom view of the package gives no clues! but we know its good for arthritic people.
Will it cut through lamination? Like a laminated paper?
what is the dsitance from the edge of paper?
I'm looking to make vinyl polka dots for a wall, will this cut through the adhesive backed vinyl? Would the EK Tools punch be better?
Is there one that punches out 4 in circles?
Hi, will it cut through fabric, if no, do you have any suggestions. Thanks A Bunch Nina
I bought the 2in round and round and can't seem to get it to work! I have used regular computer paper and 65 lb card stock. Neither will cut at all.
Has anyone tried this with felt?
Will this cut cardboard? If so how thick?
does this come with various sizes? is it only an oval shape like in the video?
What size does it cut. I want 2".
how do you clean out the confettie
Will this cut through plastic?
Has anyone tried to use this on craft foam?
How far into the page does this punch reach?
Will this cut wool blend felt approx. 2mm thick?
how large are the circles?
Will it hold any size bit?
Will this drill work drill nails with plastic anchors into a wooden wall? Will this drill work drill nails with plastic anchors into a wooden wall?
does cut through glass?
What size holes does it drill?
Does this work with Dremel bits?
Can this drill be used with Black &amp; Decker 15557 Drill Bit 10-Piece Set? Thanks.
Is it easy to make precisely located holes with drill? Is it easy to see where your drill will pierce the item when actually turning the handle?
Is the shank 1/8"?
can this drill work for going through other metals such as copper, steel, or brass?
What kind of batteries does it require?
What is the difference between "Twin-Fit", "Double Deluxe" and "Double Full Figure"?
How large in woman's dress size does this go?
Is the form's height adjustable? I'm making floor length attire, like cloaks and dressed and such, so I need one that has adjustable height.
What is the tallest hight the form can be adjusted to? I'm 6'2" tall.
the old dress forms made it possible to pin the fabric onto it.... does t his come the same way? i would like the cotton form that allows me to pin
does amazon free shipping include shipping to Australia?
Is there a male dressmakers form that includes from 46 to 50
How adjustable is the LENGTH of the torso? Is this only for "normal" (short) people? I'm 5'10". Most dummies are REALLY short.
What US size ranges does the full-figure cover? I can't measure my friend since it's a surprise gift. She's a 16-18
i need 3 in one dritz
Excuse me, How many pegs does it have? I'll appreciate you'r answer, Thanks.
How does this product compare with the KB all in one loom? Is it easier to work with the plastic pins on the KB all in one or the metal pins on this?
How faster it is the loom compared to the needles? I would like to make a blanket and before always used needles
How wide of a blanket will this loom make?
Is this easy for a beginner to use? I just learned the basics of knitting, so I need to know if this is something I can learn easily. Thanks!
can a double bed size afghan be made on this
how small or how big knit can make this machine? What size needles holding this knitting board?
Does this loom work with bulky or extra-bulky yarns (i.e. #6)? Do any adjustments need to be done for bulkier yarns?
Do the two 2 How-To DVDs come with this item?
dose this come with instructions?
What is the interior size of these bags? Size below the zipper?
PRODUCT Detail says 100 PACK of 4 by 6 for $3.67, BUT THEN says 10 PC @ .37 ea?? ALL Other sizes are WAY MORE Than $3.67. I NEED 100 Pc. CONFUSED
Would these bags be able to accommodate a stack of ten 4x6 postcards?
Is the zip on the narrow or wide side?
Can this bag be heated sealed
Are these polypropylene or polyethylene?
how do you measure a lobster claw clasp?
is this 100 pieces cost or each piece?
What size are the holes for connecting to the jewelry?
Are these shiny or dull
Can you tell me if these are nickel free?
Are these nickel free? And what is the base metal?
do these have lead?
Are the stones identical or different? If different, how can I tell which stone will work for which metal(s)?
Are there any special handling/storage needs for these stones?
Does it damage the item you're testing (through scratching the surface)?
How accurate are they?
What is the dimension of each testing block?
Are instructions included?
the dimensions dont make sense-4" wide is not enough to work a design-are you sure the dimensions are right
Will this frame work for needlepoint? I'm one of those needle people who have to turn the work upside down to stitch in the opposite direction.
Can you use this for quilting.
How to attach fabric? Usually there is fabric on the bar to attach..but I can't see it on this picture doesn't show it
Any hints about inserting the cloth in these frames?
Do these frames have a holes on the frame so they can be used with the Edmunds Sit-On Frame?
can i use this for my cross stitch, size is 65cm x 80cm. pls help
Can you use this for tambour beading and this Weight
Would these work for a project using fabric measuring 25 inches x 35 inches? There is just too much fabric for a round hoop.
would this frame work with a 16x12 in project?
Is this sturdy enough to check on an airplane? Thanks in advance for your answers.
Can this be used for beading supplies? I need storage for all of my beads and tools?
Does it have room to carry a 17" laptop as well?
I have a paint palette that measures 13" x 17" x 2" that I want to lay flat on the bottom. Will it fit?
I am in nursing school with multitudes of heavy books and binders, will this hold my texts, etc. without breaking over time?
will plastic storage cases that measure 13.5x13.5 fit flat laying on bottom
What structural support does it have at the bottom to support heavy items?
Can it fold flat?
I am almost 6 feet tall is the handle long enough on this tote for a tall person?
Does the lining come in colors other than black! It is hard to see and find things with a black interior.
What is the precise diameter of the lens from bezel edge to bezel edge?
I'm looking for a lens to use outdoor to look at flowers, etc closeup - would this be good for that?
Can you attach a key ring to the loup itself?
dose this product work on foam and fabric?
would this product hold a small area rug to a wood floor without damaging the rug or the wood floor?
I would like to recover a lamp shade with burlap. Would the light bulb make this flamable?
I want to use this for gluing fabric lablels inside a leather bag. Do you think it would work with that? thank you
How well does it work on cardboard?
Will this adhere a headliner on P.U. roof?
Would this work well with shelf liner for closet shelves?
will this work for lego blocks?
How well does this work on glass? I want to glue some peacock feathers to my hurricane vases for our wedding. Do you think it will stick?
Would this spray work with covering cardboard letters completely with glitter?
yes because i have something that is 9 1/2 inches will it fit
Can I get extra dividers?
Will this fit wash tape?
Can all the dividers be removed (both directions)? I have a round stained glass piece that measures 12.5" in diameter.
Will a single package of rainbow loom bands fit into each the apartments given?
I have a Rainbow Loom kit and want to know will this box fit the loom in there? It's 1.8 in. tall, 10.5 long, and 1.75 wide.
is there any removable dividers
Which colors are included in the tin of 12? (I've bought a few individually, don't want to find these are all repeats.)
What do you use to make it permanent on fabric ?
What kind of sharpener is best for these pencils?
Do they have any flesh tone colors?
Compared to the colorsoft and the watercolor pencils, how are they? I own a set of the watercolor pencils and LOVE them...
Hi, was wondering if this product is non-toxic?
Compared to the colorsoft and the watercolor pencils, how are they? I own a set of the watercolor pencils and LOVE them...
Can these be heat set usng a hot dryer?
What are the names of the colors included in this set?
How do you refill the blocks?
The title of the item says "24" colors BUT the description says "12" colors. Does it come with 12 or 24 colors? Are there 2 tubes of each color?
I am having problems keeping the paint in the containers. I love the paint, but going nuts with them falling out. Should I glue them in
Can someone tell me what are the measurements when fully opened?
Are these professional grade, and what are the 24 colors?
Do you know if the caddies that fit 4 pans are available anywhere separately? I have the case, but I don't have the caddies.
Truly Confused. How many colors are in this set, and in what format are they? Blocks, tubes? Please Help.
Your title, picture and description don't make sense. Which set is this, Pocket or Painting Plus? Your title says pocket, the picture is painting.
If I order this item today, will I get it in the Us before december 3rd?
Is this product compatible with other ultrasonic jewelry cleaners, like Haier?
Can you use this brand on glued (not set) diamonds? I used another brand and lost 4 diamonds out of my ring! :(
does this remove tarnish from silver jewelry?
Has anyone used this on wood? I am thinking of lettering a wood sign with one. Anyone used one of these for this purpose?
Do you know how long it takes for the Krylon Short Cuts Paint Pen to dry?
Could I use this product to go over places on a wall that has had the white paint chipped off?
Can you use this to hide scratches on a black gloss piano?
Has anyone used the Krylon Short Cuts paint pen on fabric? Will it bleed? Thanks!
is it waterproof
I have sealed leather wallets I want to use this pen to write the boys last name on the wallet, will it stay?
Has anyone ordered "Gold Leaf" color? Does it match ip with real gold leaf? Thanks.
Will it come off with alcohol? I want to draw on a flask but I don't want it to rub off
I need to make a belt buckle gold. Will .33 oz be sufficient for such a task?
What is the difference between this set &amp; the set of 60 which is about the same price?
Are these specifically the "Big Brush" pens?
Is the ink waterproof? If I use them on glossy paper will they smear?
Are these appropriate for direct coloring on rubber stamps? I cannot see how big the brush is. Thanks
Can you blend these colors?
Can you please estimated cost for sending to Australia?
What accessories are must haves? What extra grits are recommended?
this machine work in Europe (voltage 220) ??
Do I need a special jig to sharpen 12" planer blades?
Can it sharpen 3/4 HSS oval skews?
how fast does the wheel turn? im want to use it to polish brass parts. is this a good option for what i want to do?
Is this a good sharpener for my "Turning Tools". I am a beginning turner. Are there any tools it does not work well on?
In the product description, its mentioned "Use of power converters for 220V not recommended" - risk of damaging the motor or reduced efficiency?
can i use this to sharpen a corner chisel?
Apologies if this is a dumb question. Would this sharpen clipper blades? They are sharpened flat and I would like this for woodworking as well.
In what country is it made? "Designed" in Tennessee, USA, but what country is the factory that builds them located?
Would this work for a 8.5 x 5.5 inch binder (holes on the long side)? How easily is it adjusted?
hi, please let me know what diameter hole this product punches, thanks
Just opened the box...how do you release the punch - it's stuck in a down position?
Does it have a removable bottom tray that catches the punched hole chads?
How far is the hole from the edge of the paper?
Will this punch 3/8" diameter holes punches, thanks
The description says this hole punch measures 5.4 x 5.4 x 0.8 inches. Is this correct?I need one to puch standard binder holes,not holes 1 inch apart
Can this product punch holes 2 3/4 inches apart?
Can it be used for A4 size paper? Thank you.
Can I add punch heads to this if I have matching punch heads? Is there a way to "insert them into the track" - so to speak?
Will this adjust to punch holes in paper for a 5.5 x 8.5 binder?
Can you lock the punch arm down when not in use?
Has anyone used it on laminated sheets?
Does this have open ends so I can put legal paper in and center the holes?
Will this handle both 8.5" by 11" and A4 paper?
Can the edge punches be removed so it could do a single punch right in the center?
I have 20 page, heavy stock, sales lit to hole-punch for 3-hole binder. Can this punch handle that? Almost 1/16 of inch thick.
Would this be able to punch through a piece of felt or fabric?
How many sheets of paper can you punch at one time?
How far from the edge of the page does the hole punch? Is this distance adjustable?
what is the distance from the top of the page to the top of the holes?
Does it include the paper guide?
Is it made of metal? or plastic?
How hard is it to press the punching lever down?
Will it punch just one hole?
what is the distance between the two holes? I need it to punch holes in 5 inch wide pieces of paper and want to know where the holes will punch.
How many punchers does it have?
What is the distance between the punches?
Can I use this to punch two holes in index cards? I need to do that so that I may carry the stack with me with binder rings. Thanks for the answer!
does this punch 2 three quarter holes or one 2 3/4 holes?
Are there some basic instructions for a child to get started are even a DVD?
Is the angle of the easel adjustable?
what is the shipping weight of this item? I need it for ouside U.S.
Are there stopers on the botom of the easel to keep it from sliding on the table?
1. do you put this on the desk or it can stand by itself on the floor? 2. is there any claim that the paints are non toxic?
I just received this item but in my mind's density, I can't figure out how to put the easel together. Can someone help me?
Are canvas/papers included with this set?
my set came without any directions on how to set the easel up any suggestions
came with no directions.How do we put easel up
What age range is this suitable for?
What specific products are included? Smooth Cast 300 Liquid Plastic Compound?
How big (LxW) of a mold can you make with this kit if the desired depth is roughly 3/8"?
Would this be able to make very thin molds (1/8" or thinner) of small surface decorations?
How much stuff included ?
Can I use this to make a block in which are imbedded insects?
I would like to mold a wolverine claw which is 12" long and 3/8 thick and 1 1/2" wide, I also would like to make it a 2 part I think top and bottom...
I'm planning on doing some small casts of a metal object. Can the casting mold withstand the temperature of molten pewter 170&ndash;230 &deg;C (338&ndash;446 &deg;F)?
Will this be enough to make a mold of my fist?
whats the best kit to get to make a 2 part mold for a newbie to mold making?
Hi, I tried and order such kit. But it did not, do not you send to Norway?
would this be enough to mold/cast something roughly the size of a motorcycle helmet 1/4" thick?
I have a sculpture that is about 1 foot by 6 inches (made of concrete). Is there enough product to produce a mold?
Hello. Can this item be delivered outside the U.S.A? I live in South Korea. Is there any method to get this item to help my son make his item?
Hello. I would like to know if this product can bring on an airplane?
What are the designs on these stencils? Do they include a variety for girls and boys?
can you use these on fabric?
Do they have a lower case alphabet?
Do you think those would work for face painting stencils? Are they stiff or do they bend a little?
I'm looking for some small safari animals that I can use for baby onesies. Are those animals included?
Does it have paw prints (cats and dogs)?
ill they work for making cards?
do you have the multiple layer stencils stencils
Does this set have dolphins and turtles?
Does this have super basics as well, like hearts and stars?
Does this only work when plug in?
is this unit usable with cardstock?
I see that this box comes with 1 8 watt bulb. Is there room to add another 8 watt bulb? I'm seeing the same box elsewhere with 2 8 watt bulbs.
What is the work face dimensions for this box?
Does it have hardware or fixtures for it to be mounted to the wall?
Is there space to slide a paper underneath the plexiglass for tracing, or do you need to layer papers on top?
Does it come with light bulb? If not, what kind does it use, and where do I get one?
I need to go through thousands of negatives to determine whether to save for family, discard, print, convert to digital etc. Retired. OK for 35MM Review?
what kind of power does this have? and is it LED?
Why is the listing titled : "Bulk Buy: Lily Sugar'n Cream Yarn Twists Super Size (6-Pack)" if it is only for 1 skein? Misleading!!!
Yes, knowing the weight, category &amp; fiber content would be VERY helpful. Why is there no description?
How many yards?
Is the price of $3.97 for 6 balls of yarn?
Why is the listing titled : "Bulk Buy: Lily Sugar'n Cream Yarn Twists Super Size (6-Pack)" if it is only for 1 skein? Misleading!!!
Yes, knowing the weight, category &amp; fiber content would be VERY helpful. Why is there no description?
How many yards?
Is the price of $3.97 for 6 balls of yarn?
Why is the listing titled : "Bulk Buy: Lily Sugar'n Cream Yarn Twists Super Size (6-Pack)" if it is only for 1 skein? Misleading!!!
Yes, knowing the weight, category &amp; fiber content would be VERY helpful. Why is there no description?
How many yards?
Is the price of $3.97 for 6 balls of yarn?
can you easily remove one watch without disturbing the others?
Why are some reviewers saying it has a glass top and some saying it is plastic??
Is this velvet lined, and I have several ceramic watches, worried about it not closing ?
can i use it for bracelets
Could this also be used for bracelets? Could it be used for bangles that do not open in the back?Could you use it for bracelets that are not flexible?
Will this case accommodate larger watches (51mm)?
will the large g shocks fit?
Is watch holder removable? Meaning, can I take it out and have just a display box for something else?
does the watch come with the box?
what size are these
how can I measure to determine what size I need ? Thanks
do these "screw" on?
do they fit thick or thin posts?
Why do these 14k gold earring backs stick to a magnet? I just received 8 pairs and they all stick to a magnet. Pure gold does not stick to a magnet.
I need backs for a small gold post...will these work ? (by small I mean the post is small and requires a backing with a narrow opening)
what size(mm) are these ---
My posts are very thin (1mm), will these work?
Will this block rust or chip after any length of time?
Are the dimensions 4" x 4"?
What is the exact weight of this block?
is this block stainless steel or just a steel benchblock? one reviewer said it came with a thin coat of oil on it, that would make it just tooled steel.
What kind of amps breaker does this kiln take? Thank you
will this oven sustain 1947 degreese
Is this oven programmable?
How long is it safe to run this? I'm looking to heat treat some ceramic fiber material that requires ~900C for 4 hours.
can this be used for knife making?
Hi - Does it look exactly as in picture?
hi, are these strong enough for a tin-like badge, thanks.
Would this work well with sticking them on cardstock for 'handmade' name tags?
Is it 30 for 1.78?
Can you use this tumbler for silver filled jump rings
How Long Does it Take to Tumble about 1 Lb of 1 inch rough Rocks to a very Smooth Size, what else would I need Beside this Tumbler To Get them "Satin Glossy Looking" Like the one sold in Stores ?
Can I create handmade sea or beach glass with this tumbler? Thanx!!
Have there been issues with the durability of the barrel?
does this item come with the grit kit (the 5 bottles) featured in the picture?
If you're new to jewelry and tumbling, would you get this 3 pound size or go for $50 more and get the 6 pounder? I don't want to over or under-buy.
Why is it called a "kit"? Does it come with shot?
How do I get the barrel open? I can't make the lid budge! Does it unscrew? Does it "peel off"? Help!
The open end bearing on the drive shaft was installed backwards causing the drive belt to come off the pulley. Check if you are having this problem.
I still am not certain if this comes with shot or not. Can anyone clarify for me? Thanks
i want to make burlap curtians is will this work fine? they are going to have a hem so i figured it would work but just wanted to be sure.
what is the overall size if this hook
How do these work as shower curtain hangers? Do they scratch the bar? Do they make a lot of noise? Do they get stuck?/overlap eachother?
would this be good to hang my homemade ferret hammocks in my ferrets cage
I'm looking to hang misc stuff in a closet turned craft center. Would these be able to fit over the wooden clothes rod in the closet?
Does this mandrel have a groove?
How do you use it for enlarging rings?
What is the diameter of the tip of the mandrel? (where the ring is put)
What is the diameter at the thickest part?
Does this come with a grip on the handle area? One picture shows it with the grip, the other shows it without.
Is this item slotted and or grooved?
What are you guys talking about when you say "does it have a groove"? And why is that undesirable? Thanks.
Some people have said it is not accurate. Accuracy is all I care about. How accurate is it?
Do you ship to Melbourne, Australia post code 3201, and if so at what rate, as well al more than 1 item rates please?
I would like to purchase on of these. Does it have a groove down the side or not? The picture does not show a groove, but other buyers say theirs did?
does this come with everything you see in the picture?
would an adult enjoy this, or just for children? thx
Can this kit be placed in an outdoor garden once assembled?
We recieved our fairy garden kit, but without the seeds. There is no visiblempacket of seeds, is it in the soil bag?
Mine is not growing anything! The dirt seems to be more like sand, am I supposed to use my own soil to get these seeds and beans to grow?
With the Hardboard Masonite, I have heard about tempered and gesso for artwork. I use acrylics. .Do I need to prep or can I paint right on it?i
is this wood?
is it tempered or standard?
Comfortably - how many sleeves can this binder hold?
How thick is the width of the spine of this binder? Ordered one before and it was too thin.
If I have 9 x 12 paintings, will these fit comfortably?
how many pages come with the binder
both pic has diff color,pls tell whats the color of lamp when on and off pls
What is the lumen rating? Are there 3-D or 3-AA batteries?
where is it made?
Can it be used to glue wallpaper in a dollhouse?
What is the best way to spread this stuff? I need a good glue to adhere two 81/2x11 sheets of bond (copy) paper.
If you use it to mount a 20x30 photo to a foam board will the picture stay without coming off?
will it stick paper to metal?
I need this for a project requiring pva glue. is this pva?
Is this low odor? Is it less fume-y than rubber cement?
I'm gluing scrapbook paper onto heavy card stock flags to make a banner/bunting. They are curling with Mod Podge. Will this NOT happen with YES?
How long does a thin coat take to dry? 1-5 hours? Overnight? 30 min.? Plan to affix print to wood panel and coat with epoxy resin.
How long does a thin coat take to dry? 1-5 hours? Overnight? 30 min.? Plan to affix print to wood panel and coat with epoxy resin.
Howdy. Do you guys know if it will bond a photo to mat board (perfectly)? I've had problems with the "plastic-like" finish on the backs of photos. .
How tall are these letters?
Does this set include a frame to line the letters up and stamp a whole word together or do I have to stamp each letter individually?
Would this be good for stamping on clay?
hello someone could tell me if I can work with these stamps on fabric
Can I use these with chalk ink (stamp pad)?
My father has many medals. Will this scrapbook accommodate medals nicely? The book looks beautiful.
the insert pages... they are for 12x12 paper right?
norma, thanks for answering my question. but i have another question. i found 2 screws in the front of the book. how do you remove tbem?
can you add pages to this scrapbook? if so, how does it come apart?
how do the pages attach inside the album? Is is a 3 ring binder?
Will this cut fabric with the sizzle fabric quilting dies?
Is this in fact the older (original) model and not the new one? Lot's of places post the photo of the older model but in fact it is the newer V2.
Does this machine cut as well as emboss? I'm confused as to how it works.
How does the Cuttlebug work?
how many plates are used?
My Cuttlebug Anna Griffin die will not feed through machine without excessive force. Am afraid I will break either the plates or machine. Suggestions?
The handle got slack on the machine and it is no longer working, what can I do to fix it?
Will this cut fabric with the sizzle fabric quilting dies?
Does this machine cut felt?
Does the machine cut vinyl?
is this product a punch itself or do you need to buy another product that this fits into?
Is this 2.5' scalloped punch able to work as a border for a 2' circle punch to nest in the center? Anyone use it for this?
Confused, how big are the scalloped circles that you end up with 2.5" or 5.5"?
Would this also cut felt material? I need 2 1/2" felt circles
is there a place for negatives when you just order the case only?
how many pictures does it hold?
How many dividers are there
does the case come with the plastic dividers and acid free index cards?
what size of hole this punch can drill?
Could you punch a decent hole through a stack of about 100 ziploc bags with this device?
Where can I buy the 1/8 inch McGill hole punch. I need 3
What is the spacing between the back of the drill base and the drill bit? I am needing to punch a coupel 1000 holes about 1" into a piece of paper.
We have emergency information flip charts that have 10 pages of card stock and a clear cover. They are already put together with 5/16" in. plastic splines at the top. Will this adjustable drill be able to accomodate this.
What size are these?
what are the 3 colors?
are these stickers paper or vinyl?
does this pack include numbers as well?
Do you all one color in the pack of 840?
Could it be used as a reverse stencil, put it down, paint over it, peel up and have the letter in "unpainted" negative space?
are these ok for scrapbooking? 12x12 page
Are the decals waterproof?
Do you sell single letters? I need 250 "K's" and 250 "T's" I need it in gold and in your script font that you sell in the 6 sheet multi-colored pack.
Would it be possible to print white lettering to this and then apply it to a black surface?
Can I "reverse print" on these sheets so that I can place them inside an office window, readable from outside the office window?
Can this sticker removable? reusable?
Can this be used on a boat
Has anyone used these on a wooden surface? I'm looking for something for my son to use on his Pinewood Derby car. Thanks!
Could I use this over a "peeling label" sticker (i.e., curling up on the edges) to help the original sticker stay down?
can you use these sheets in a color laser printer?
Could you use this to transfer a photo onto a coffee mug?
Is this dishwasher safe? I am making cute mason jar water bottles with saying on them, is this the right product for them?
Can these be used on water bottles that can go in dishwasher??
physical dimensions and weight
Does it trace on fabric?
is this electric
how do you attach paper so it doesn't move. Is it magnetic?
what is warrant period
Is the light even across the surface and does it work well for the transfer of embroidery patterns to lightweight fabric?
Can you use this to transfer a portrait on canvas?
Does anyone out there use this for calligraphy? I'm wanting to be able to see the guide lines without marking them out on the paper.
can the light shine through medium to dark fabric for tracing quilt designs?
Is a replacement light easily available in stores?
Is this something that can be used by children?
Is this big enough for thumb prints?
Can I use it on canvas?
Can you use this ink on cuttlebug folders? If so, does it wash off the folder easily?
Do the colors show up on black paper? Thanks!
By chance, is it possible to use a small paint brush to rub into the inkpad and catch enough of the ink to "paint" it on very small areas?
can this be used on baby oneies for permanent stamping
Is each dispenser 28 feet or is it a total of 28 feet for both?
photo safe?
If you tape the edge of a piece of paper, will the tape only stick to the paper you are trying to glue, or will it run like a film beyond the edge?
Is it repositionable?
Would this work on fabric? I want to stick fabric to paper or plastic. Thanks.
Is it refillable.
Is this DOUBLE-SIDED tape?
what width is it? 1/8" 1/4" 1/2"
is it sticky on both sides?
Did you use these alcohol inks on tile? And if so, did you use regular glazed white tiles? What did you use to seal them?
Are these good mixed with watercolors for a pop?
Can these inks be used on ink pads
Can these inks be used on vellum... I thought I read that, but can't find it .... if so, can you comment on the results
can these be used as pigments for jewellers ICE resin?
Hi! I wanted to use these to color copper for jewelry,do I have to seal it?If so what sealant?Thank you.
How thick is this sheet? In one description it indicates it is 1 inch thick, but in comments it sounds like it is thinner.
Is this an actual Ranger product or a knock off? I see some reviews say it is a fake.
Does anyone know if this craft sheet is a teflon sheet? Are there differences?
What is the difference between this, and a silicone baking mat? Can they both be used the same way?
Is the back side of this a peel and stick (sticker) type backing?
Is this a real Ranger product?
Is the Craft Sheet waterproof?
The reviews say this is a fraud and a knock off--I need to know if that's true! has anyone bought one this month 7/14 and got a fraud????
Can this withstand a soldering iron?
I have something I think is just like this and use it to line my sheet for baking. Is this food safe? It doesn't say in the description.
Is this a set of 6 or is it just 1 ???
Is the canvas deep or is it a thin board?
Is this canvas like the ones Bob Ross uses?
So are these six individual canvas' or one? The reviews are kind of confusing.
how wide is the it
can you lay a 12" X12" maganetci pad on this for scrapbboking &amp; will it incline to a 30 degree angle ?
Do you just "rest" a sketch pad on it? What prevents the paper from sliding down?
what color is it? Looks like a white wood on computer.
Does a notebook or sketch pad fit inside? I want something completely portable.
can i use it for a 5* 5 canvas
can a canvas be used on this .instead of a paper .
How deep is the drawer? Wondering how big an eraser will fit in there since others have noticed problems with even small items not fitting.
Is the horizontal shelf that the bottom edge of your drawing sits on hinged?
Is the ledge that holds the drawings hinged to fold flat for carrying?
Does this generally come with the paint colours advertised? Because some negative reviews have said they got silver instead of black.
Do i have to purchase anything else to do this? or does the kit come with everything?
I want to buy extra paint. should i stick with the same type and brand? I have never done this before.
Is this screen BIG enough to print 16x16 Pictures?
I just purchased this product and upon arrival I noticed that the sensitizer bottle is empty. Why is this?
I'd like to use this kit to print on 5"x5" quilting squares - will I have any problem with that size?
mesh count, dark fabrics? What is the MESH COUNT on this screen?
Does this cartridge also do just the mouse head?
Is this compatible with Cricut Expression 2?
How large can you make the mouse head? I'm looking for a 6x6 roughly for autographs books to use on our upcoming trip to disney world! Thank you!
Does this cartridge have the single minnie bow ?
Can this be used with the Sizzix Big Shot?
Is this cartridge in a box or in those plastic covering?
Does this work on the new Cricut Explore
Can you change the colors?
Can this be used on a Cricut Mini?
Can you use this with vinyl as well?
Do the phrases come come out as single letters or are they joined together?
How can I select the blackout, face, white, tongue and ribbon to build Minnie? I haven't been able to figure it out. Please, help!
Does this cartridge include the mickey ears cutout?
Will you combine shipping for multiple cartridge purchase?
Does this have the Disney font? (The same one as the word "Disney" on the front of the package)
How do I know what shapes and characters are included in this package? Is the minnie bow included?
Does it have the special unique "Disney" font available on this cartridge?
what is the weight of each paper?
Is this paper thick enough to be used as the base of a card or is it too thin? Thanks...
How many sheets to the pad?
hello would like to know if the material is guaranteed and if it changes color , comes in presentation roll?
what do you use to solder gold fill wire
What material is the wire made of? Does it contain lead or nickel?
I please want to know if you ship to India. How much it would cost ? And the weight of this item? Thks.
what is the diameter on this wire?
What is the difference between this product and the 'Beadsmith Jewelry Fine Round Nose Micro Pliers PL513'? Found here: http://www.amazon.com/Beadsmith-Jewel...
Is the inside surface of these pliers smooth so they don't mar the surface of the jewelry?
is this good for wrapping the wire when making loops? i mean the stem under the loop- does it wrap wire around it cleanly or make a mess?
Are these pliers magnetic at all? They look similar to a pair I am trying to replace, but can't find any that say they are magnetic.
Can i use these to close jump rings?
What size point does this have? I need less than 1mm
Are they easy to open and close? Are they thin? I am doing a VBS project and need to make many keychains quickly....the jump rings I have gotten are w
Are these nickel or lead free?
I've bought jump rings in 3-size packages before, but sizes weren't noted. How are these measured so I can order the ones I want?
What's the gauge? I like using 1, not 2 pliars so prefer 21-23. So many ads leave out that info. If it's here and I missed it, sorry!
I need jump rings that are thin and that I can open and close with my hands (not pliers). Are these jump rings thing and pliable?
is it real silver
is it real stirling silver
Is this half-hard, hard, or soft-tempered wire?
can you solder this?
20 gauge wire is thicker than 16 gauge wire? which one would you recomend for making ear cuffs?
I've always avoided silver plate like the plague. If I use .95 sterling silver wire, what hardness should I use (ds, hh, etc.)?
Can this be used as the necklace for a pendant, or is it just for wire-wrapping projects?
Does this seem strong enough to secure panniers to a bike?
Is this wire made in the USA like Artistic Wire's non-tarnish silver, or just packaged here?
Can you confirm the larget the number in gauge, the thinner the wire? Meaning if it s 24 gauge and a 16 gauge, the 24 gauge is thinner than 16 gauge?
Is Singer 1507 good for denim? Which needle should I use to accommodate thicker fabric?
zig-zag option? I am wondering if the model : singer 1507 8-stitch has the zig-zag sewing option?
Is made in China ??? Thanks
canthis machine be used in trinidad and tobago
Do you think a bright 10-year old girl with no sewing experience, could find this easy to use?
Will this machine sew on buttons?
what are the measurements?
What is Free-Arm?
What does the singer 1507WC weigh and does it have a zig-zag option?
Is the foot pedal included?
Does it come with both pieces of Velcro needed to stick something?
If I wanted to buy a tent except I heard the sides don't stay shut would this be strong enough and work to keep the sides shut,lightspeed 6 persontent
Will this adhere to sofa cushions? To prevent sofa cushions from sliding, for instance.
Does it stick to fabric? i.e. the back of a patch.
How many feet is this product?
I bought a small keyboard for my Ipad. Will it hold it with the casing?
I need to make the Velcro straps on my back brace longer. Will this solve my problem.
I want to join the plastic bottoms of my Mac trackpad and keyboard. will the adhesive adhere and will the connection be strong?
looking for some kind of velcro to close outside pockets on a purse, fabric or maybe vinyl material, can't tell. Would this work? Can strips be cut?
Will the sticky back sticks in my packbag?
Will this work with badger airbrushes without an adapter?
does this have enough "umph" to push an Iwata LPH-101 spray gun, or strictly airbrush use ?
Can you please tell me the Db rating? It should be in the manual.
Hi, i want to know if this air compressor can work late in night in a apartment and have not trouble with noise, Thanks...
I am planning to order the Power jet pro from amazon warehouse. Does it come with everything the NEW one comes with? Quick disconnects,hoses,etc??
Is this 120v to 220v by chance?
I have natural non "cut" turquoise that is completely drilled, some stones are 1 1/2" X 2" I want to make pendents, will this kit work?
What would be the main difference between the metal kit and the steel kit? They seem the same.
Do you have something similar in copper or something with a weathered look to it? I am new to jewelry making and plan on buying this set and others.
would this be good for native beading?
I'm a beginner &amp; would like to kno if this kit comes with a book to explain what to do or should I purchase 1 separately?? Thanx =)
Are all of those findings 100 percent sterling silver? If so, how can it be that price?
Does it damage the wall if you take it off?
Can I tape it to my desk, and then write on it? I would have my keyboard and books on the desk too, would it ruin the glue?
can you cut the roll to any size or does it damage the product?
Can I put a magnate on it, like the regular white board?
Would this stick to painted lightly textured wall board? (it's painted with semi gloss paint)
Will this ruin a stainless steel refridgerator if I stick it on there?
Could it be cut and applied to the back of a laptop? (For situations that information is changing too quickly to type.)
Is this whiteboard thicker than the regular rolls of stick-on whiteboard plastic that I see used at meetings? I saw a thicker one in a dorm room and wonder if this is it.
Would this stick on a window?
Confused. I see a black border &amp; an orange outter boarder in this pic. Does it come like that w/the black &amp; orange around the white wall sticker?
I would like to use this to make a Chan Luu style wrap bracelet with dark brown leather and have it disappear against the leather, will it?
What is your thought for use for making anklets? I need something that is strong but not stiff.
can this be used as warp on a loom
Is this thread actually clear or white?
Would this be strong enough to use for stringing large beaded necklaces? Need something strong but more supple/flexible than tigertail type wires.
I love Fireline, but need red &amp; blue beading thread for hand weaving, would Nymo work just as well?
Would this thread be appropriate for applying bugle beads to tulle for a wedding veil. (I'll need to knot it a lot of times.) If not, any suggestions?
how do you cut fireline
Can we use it right from the tube? Is it thin enough to do a henna design on a candle?
How many ML are the tubes?
Is there enough paint for a 12X18 portrait? (I asked a similar question earlier but thought I should explain what I am painting)
Is there enough paint to cover one canvas of about 12X18 in size? I only plan to use it once for one painting for my room.
can these be used for outdoors
could I use this light for wine bottle light craft if I use a square wood base and drill tru the bottom
What is the distance from the bulb to the on and off switch also the distance from the plug to the on and off switch?
What is the max watt bulb this cord can handle?
Is there lead in this product's cord? (Does the packaging have a warning?)
Are these safe to use in a 8X8 glass block for night lights?
Can this be used as a replacement cord for plastic pumpkins?
Would it be safe to use in a paper lantern? How much distance from the paper would you recommend?
Would these work in the St. Nicholas Square Christmas Village pieces that they sell through Khols? Can't find brand specific part for that village.
If I buy in bulk can I combine shipping costs or would it still be $7.44 a piece? I am looking to buy 30 or more.
How long are the pencils? I don't want them to be so short that I have to buy replacements regularly.
what material is the case made of?
Where do you buy replacement pads that fit in this case?
What size is the sketch pad?
I'm from rural USA, so I don't know anything about this arty stuff? Do normal size pencils fit? I just want a slim pencil case for normal size pencils
Does this case have the carry strap like the one with graphite pencils? The graphite one shows the strap, the colored pencil set does not.
Are these watercolor pencils ?
Does this set include a 6H pencil?
What is the dimensions of the paper pad included and what would be the max refill size paper that would fit in this case.
I need specific pencils asked for by the teacher 4H, 2H, H, B, B2, B4, B6, does this set include all of these pencils?Thank you
what size is the sketch pad?
Is it a 2-hole penci sharpener?
What is included?
How long are the pencils?
does it have somewhere to put the pieces of paper you draw on?
what size sketch book will fit in the space?
Is HB considered as F?
Do these scissors work for lefties?
what is this scissors made of? Is it chrome plated by any chance?
How do I get them sharpened. Can I get my small scissors sharpened Also
I saw on another website that if they are not made in Italy they are not the good kind. Where are they made?. Does it say Italy
How important is the weight. These scissors are almost 8 oz. My old singer scissors are 4 oz. Is it better if the weigh more.?
Can you sharpen the edge down the road?
can a left hander use them?
What is the difference between retail packaging and industrial packaging?
Has anyone used these to cut leather? Curious if they would work for this purpose.
where are they made?
I'm left-handed. Will the scissors work for me? Are there left-handed Gingher Applique Scissors?
what is the manifactured site stamped ib the side?
Are the handles straight or bent?
Are these scissors just for embroidery appliqu&eacute;? I appliqu&eacute; but I trace what I want on my fusible paper, cut the image out and iron on.
Do they work for leftys?
can they be used to grade a seam allowance?
What about if you are left handed? Does the thumb opening hurt your hand if left handed?
What is the difference between #1 and #2 ?
How long is the blade? In other words, how thick a material would you be able to cut through? Thanks.
How well does the cap stay on? Is this safe to throw in my pocket?
Is the blade strong, or does it break easily?
Can this be used to cut out very little letters?
does it cut duct tape?
what kind of blade fit to this X-Acto?
Is this knife made in the USA?
has anyone tried to cut sheet metal with this yet? xD
If you're applying a thin veneer of wood to 3/8" thick wood, is it best to paint both surfaces being glued to prevent the veneer from warping?
clean up. Will it wipe off with water?
Does this act like contact cement? Tack dry both surfaces and then stick?
How well does this work on plastic to wood gluing?
Will this product adhere fabric to metal?
Will this adhere well for shoe soles?
Would this work outside for yard art - glass flowers
will it help glue small carpet strips to my concrete floor?
Is this Beacon Quick Grip Foam-safe? Or does it melt foam?
is this strong smelling? i want to use it on a purse and i don't want it to smell once dry.
how to use it i never use it befor i will like to know befor i buy it
will this station handle the grex pistol type airbrush?
Another fllter question. What does it seem to be made of? Can a replacement be made out of other filter materials?
Is this used with cosmetics as well? Can you use water in the station with water-based makeup?
I recently purchased this pot and everything seems fine but the lid says "Sparmax" on it. Is Iwata and Sparmax the same brand?
Is anyone using this with an Aztec airbrush?
Will this work with a PAASCHE H SIPHON FEED AIRBRUSH??
can i use acetone in it?
Do you think it would work on a dogs paw? With the fur and everything? Thanks
What are the dimensions?
Does the ink wash off fabric? I want to temporarily stamp bags used to hold homemade soap.
Where is it made from?
Will this work with a 3" x 3" stamp? Is it a true 3 1/4" wide? I'd like to use it to stamp pattern pieces for sewing - does it smudge for long?
How quickly does the ink dry?
Will you list the 7 presser feet that it comes with? I am most interested in the Walking foot and the darning foot.
Does it have a drop feed feature for free-motion quilting?
Does it have a blanket stitch?
How easy or hard is it the thread the needle with the lighting on the machine? My eyes aren't what they used to be. Thanks.
Does this come with a 25 year warranty?
Does it come with a blind hem foot? (The foot that is necessary for standard dress-pants hems, which look invisible on the outside.
comes with bobbins?
can it monogram letters?
Please let me know the weight of the machine.
Is this a good machine for a beginner?
can i apply this over a finished sealer called FROG JUICE ?
is this good for white pine floor 35 square ft
Plan to use on an outside table - Gets half sun and half day of shade. Using over boards that are stained and Sikens coated. Only problems with that
Does this product stays clear or does it turn yellowish?
is this one full gallon of each or 1/2 gallon of each part?
Can this product be checked inside of a suitcase on an international flight?
could I use this product to make a small cube in a silicone mold?
I'm having the same problem as others, it will not harden. I've used epoxy probably more than 100 times. 2nd coat on shuffleboard. What do I do now?
If I want to cover an existing counter top, is there a trick to getting this on the vertical edge?
how many sq ft does one gallon do?
I'm having difficulty removing the tip. Any suggestions other then pliers? I tried heating it up and cooling it off in the freezer too.
Can this be used to cut stencils? Would it get too hot for stencils?
Can you use this on leather?
Does the pencil tip come with this set?
many review say great starter/beginner tool - curious what the next level would be? Are there better ones then?
Can this be used to etch/burn bones or teeth?
Will this work for signing your name on wood?
Does it stay hot enough to burn into the wood continuously as you go, or do you have to stop drawing at times to let it come back up to temp?
Is this hot enough for simple solder repairs?
Would this burn a bamboo cutting board
Are the pages of heavy enough paper to hold cards, i.e. Christmas, Birthday etc.
Is this photo album for size 11x14 pictures? or is that just the size of the book. What is the largest photo size that will fit in this album?
Are the pages simular to construction paper? And how are they binded-tied? That's really what I'm looking for.
Are pages white? And can you purchase refill pages in white?
I want to save documents. Can you get it with plastic sleeves that will protect the documents?
are the pages clear sleeves?? or are they paper?? i need one without the clear sleeves
I would like scrapbook that has the buff colored pages to glue newspaper articles i it. Do not want the plastic pages. is this like that
How many pages will it hold ?
how many pages front and back?
can brushes be re-used?
food safe?
How long is the handle?
Are they firm heads .. reason i am asking, have recently purchased weaker sponge brushes and ended up returning them . .
Does this have rubber insert inside the foam to make it stiffer?
can it be used in cold press soaps?
What are these made of? Would appreciate an ingredient list if anyone has it please? Thanks!
Is the seafoam similar to mint green?
do these contain alcohol?
Which Cricut to get!?! Should I get the smaller cricut personal or the new cricut expression?
will it cut 1/4 inch thick vinyl stencils?
can the 29-0001 personal cutter be connected to a computer for the design studio
do I need an internet connection to use this? Or just a PC and added software? ANY kelp please..thanks....
wanting to make signs and plagues fot a craft booth I am renting, would this machine work for that type of thing? Do i need to order vinyl pages, can
Can you design your own image, like a high school mascot?
Can it cut also transparencies and X-ray sheets to make shape templates for stencils? ;-)
where can I find a catalog of all the cartridges shown
Can it be connected to a computer
Are the pieces pre stamped on the felt? I bought a stocking kit recently and the felt was not pre stamped.
does it wash well
Is this genuine wool felt or is it acrylic craft felt?
can it be washed and what will it look like after? also what type of felt does it come with?
On the cuff, should I sew all the candy on first before applique it to the front of the stocking? It tells me to do the opposite. That seems harder.
My kit didn't come with the first two pages of instructions. How can I get them?
How do I let you know what name to embroider on te cupcake after purchase?
How far does the shaft extend out of the box?
What size is the box?
The product dimensions are shown as 6.9 X 3.8 X 2 inches, yet the box is 2 1/8" X 2 1/8 x 5/8 and the longest hand is a little over 3". Does the 6.9" dim include packing material, etc ? Thank you .
The hole in my clock is 5/8" deep. My question is: do I go for the 3/4" size or 1/2" size? I want it to reach, but not to flop around! Thanks :)
what does 3/4" refer to?
Is the tick noisy? Looking to buy this to replace parts for my son's clock that keeps him up at night it's so noisy.
what size battery?
how long is the threaded portion of the shaft?
for what size face would this be appropriate? I have a five inch wide space
Number stamped into base 2644 81F does this match a movement type?
Will such a large spool fit on my Brother CS6000i sewing machine?
Is the "natural" color dyed or undyed?
should there be have knots in cotton heavy duty?
Is this a 18" x 200" continuous roll? The 12 x 18 and 18 x 25 and 500 per ream descriptions are confusing me. It is listed as "Pacon White Easel Roll, 18 X 200 Feet, White, (4763) by Pacon (Jan 1, 2010)" when I search Amazon for "butcher paper." Thanks.
It is July, 2014. Is this 18" x 200' roll of white paper still available for purchase? One reviewer sez it is not. Please advise.
Hello owners, is this still a continuous roll of 18" (inches) by 200' (feet)?
Is it perforated?
from the description, this should be 500 separate sheets of paper. is this correct? from the other questions/answers, it's confusing!
I have a Daisy Girl Scout troop (K and 1st graders) who need to do several group art projects to earn their 'petals'. Is this paper sturdy enough?
Is this in roll form or continuous folded and stacked like the picture shows?
do you know the diameter of the roll? trying to fit on the land of nod wall paper holder. thx
Has anyone used this on a standing floor easel? Thanks.
I'm looking for protective paper for my heat press. Does this paper have wax? I can't use anything that is recycled or that has wax.
If I order 3 yards of this fabric will it come 3 yards uncut or 3- 1 yard increments? The description is confusing me.
does it come in one long piece if bought more than one yard, or does it come in singular squares? Thanks!
i this material good for a tablecloth?
Hi, is this product like T-shirt fabric? that is what i am looking for
is this 100% cotton?
whats the length and width
Would it work for upholesrtering a headbaord
What is the width?
If I order 4 of these, will it be four 1-yard lengths, or one 4-yard length?
Can you put it right onto the window or do you have to sew it onto curtains? If yes, how?
Is it good for make a DIY projector screen?
Can this fabric be machine wash?
Does this have a latex backing? can it be dry cleaned?
I need 6 panels of 121 inches in length and 35 inches in width. How much material do I need?
What is the best way to attach this liner to already existing curtains?
Is this the Blackout, or the Budget Blackout (lighter weight)? See: roc-lon.com/products/3pass_blackout_l...
would like to use this with my motor home windshield curtains that measure 180x38 inches, how much would I need of the 54 in. wide roc -lon
what is the length of the white chenille fabric?
Is this 100% Cotton Fabric
does it shed in the wash and is it too fuzzy for a pillow to sleep on?
Is it 58" long or 58" wide? What is the height?
would this work for baby bibs?
Does the striped design run with the 58" width or perpendicular to it? IE: if you're measuring from west to east do the lines run w to e or n to s?
would this work for curtains
Would you say this feels more like minky or terry cloth (bath towel material)?
Is it suitable for casual slipcovers?
is this a true white color? I'm trying to match a Harmnony Kids chair with ivory chenille.
I'm debating between this tulle, bridal illusion ivory and the light ivory tulle for a bridal veil. The dress is light ivory. Any suggestions?
I am needing 4 yards of this tulle. When I add this to my cart will I change the number in the quantity drop down box to 4 to receive the full 4 yds?
When ordering multiple yards will I receive one continuous piece of tulle or will it be broken up into the individual yards?
Could one use this for proofing bread dough in a basket, properly laundered?
do you send (tiny) samples? I need to know true color
Can this be used as upholstery fabric??
This is the same as the "European 100% Linen Oatmeal" on Fabric.com? (@ $14/yard?)
What is the weight in oz. of this fabric please ? Thanks
What's the length? (The description only gives the width = 60"
Is this semi transparent?
what is this made of? polyester? nylon? other?
can i buy 100-200 continuous yards for wedding tent draping?
How wide is this fabric?
Can I return this item unused if I change my mind after it is received?
Can I get 13 pieces, each in 5 yard lengths of this fabric?
if I buy this, does it come in one piece or each yard is a piece?
how thick is the felt, need it to be 1/8 inch thick
Do you charge seperate shipping if more than one yard is bought? $8 for shipping 2 yards seems a bit high.
I need a 6ft x 6ft peice. If I order 2 yards of this, will it come as one peice, 72" x 72"???
how many inches wide is this fabric?
Would this canvas work to be made into a play wedge tent?
Can this be used as a wrestling ring canvas?
What country is this fabric produced in?
I need a thick hard fabric to make a bag, is this thick and hard????
Can these make indoor curtains? Are they good for blocking out sunlight?
Can this fabric be used to make outdoor drapery panels?
Is the fabric folded for delivery or is it shipped on a cardboard tube?
is this fabric to heavy for sewing garden aprons?
Can you sew this using a regular sewing machine? I want to make some canvas bags without buying any extra equipment.
I have a set of PrismaColor regular colored pencils. How much difference is there between those I have and these pastel pencils
Does this set comes with a Sharpner?
I'm new to artwork, have many pro color pencils. Can these be used dry for areas larger than the small ones mentioned in reviews?
Is there a difference between pastel pencils and pastel chalk pencils?
I draw portraits with graphite and I am looking to add color...does this set have good skin colors?
when I stop working and pick it up later, even if I keep it in a plastic bag, the colors get dull (probably from dust) how do I avoid that?
Will these work well on Bristol paper?
I'm looking for pastel chalk to write on chalk paint, will these work?
Is this a 8 day winding clock?
Does it strike on the hour and half hour both?
The description indicates the clock is from the Black Forest in Germany, is this correct?
Is this clock model 811-13?
Is this model VDS certified
will they work in singer machines?
are these needles for embroidery machines
can you use these on stretch fabrics
do they work in brother sewing machine?
will this case fit the brother brother cs6000i machine?
will this case fit the brother xr1355? thanks.
Will the Singer 7256 fit in the case?
Will the "Singer one plus" fit in it?
will Singer 7258 fit in the case?
Will the Singer S90 fit in this case?
will the Singer 7469 fit?
I have a FASHION MATE 252....Singer....Will you box fit this machine?
will this fit a singer 66?
Is this box ok for the Singer Tradition 2250 ?
Can I create my own desing from the computer and then cut in de Expression 2 machine?
Can you upload your own fonts and image from your PC to the cricut
whats the major differences between expression and expression 2
Why doesn't the Cricut Craft Room work with the iMac computer?
Vinyl/Rubber? Has anyone tried cutting thick vinyl or rubber with the Cricut?
Can you cut material for quilting such as squares ?
Can I use open type or true type fonts with my expression
how does the Cricut Craft Room work with the original Expression Cutting Machine?
Can you cut Laminated Paper with this Machine?
What is the difference between the Expression and the Expression 1 cricut?
is this a complete machine or just the accessories?
Can you make socks with this machine?
is this device electric does it come with wax too
Can this machine do the basic knit-a-row/pearl-the-next-row stockinette stitch or is it limited to knitting each row?
how do i replace the needles on this machine?
I'm thinking about ordering this set, but can't tell the size of the needles. Can anyone tell me the size of largest and smallest needles? Thanks!
The picture is deceiving - is this product a set of single-pointed knitting needles or a "flower loom"?
What sizes are in the package?
I have a pattern for an afghan that calls for a 48 peg round loom, can you tell me which loom I would need to order to get the 48 pegs?
Is this the same yellow loom that's packaged in the four round loom set?
how many pegs are in this loom? 41 pegs?
Can you make a baby blanket on this loom without adding panels?
How many pins
What is the size?
do you have any 50 peg round looms?
does counter lock
why do you have a picture of a different product on this item?
How do I turn it back to zero?
Does it come with a cord? Its false advertising to show a cord if its not in the package. I was very dissapointed to find out that it does not come with a cord .Its over priced not to have a cord come with it.
Is this suitable for someone who crochets? Thanks!
Does it make noise when you click it? I need a quiet counter.
How does this "mini" counter differ from the one I pay $10.50 for?
It only appears to be able to go to 99. What happens if you continue? will it go 99, 00, 01, 02, etc?
What does this have to do with making pom poms? Reviews confuse me on the use
how exactly does it work?
I'd also like to know what sizes are included! It should say in the description!
Details state needle sizes 2 thru 15; however, the descriptions says there are 8 sizes? Which is correct? It cannot be both!
Can you purchase just replacement needles without having to buy the whole set?
Do the cable couplers let you make a circular needle longer than 36 inches?
what is the function of the small black circular pad that is included in the set?
Needlemaster 40-Piece Interchangeable Aluminum Knitting Set description says, 8 Sets of aluminum single-point needles. How many needles are there?
Do the needles have holes in them that are designed for knitting a lifeline through a row of work? (similar to this: http://tinyurl.com/lspx29l )
Are sizes 2 a 10 1/2 needles included in this set, as well as the cables, buttons, etc? This would be more than 40 pieces, right?
Are the cables really flexible or is it that same, nasty, twisted plastic they've been using for years?
where can I find other cable lengths for this kit? I have a pattern calling for a 40CM (16 in) circular needled and this kit only goes down to 20 inch
I could not find mentioned anywhere, what weight of yarn can be used on this machine?
Is it easy for beginners?
I keep getting hung up why???
Is there anyone who could upload a picture of the knitting that this machine produces? I would love to see a picture of an actual finished piece! TY
do you know of anyone who makes and sells sweaters?
It is just for to make sweaters or I can make anything else on it? eg : ponchos
Will smooth, 100% cotton yarn work on this machine, or does the yarn need to have some stretch?
Is silicon spray absolutely needed?
Can you make your own weights for the knitting?
does it come with the hanging weights? I don't mean the clothespins. I've seen where there are weights hung on the fabric as it gets longer. Or are the weights even needed?
Does this loom come with a loom hook?
I currently have the Boye long looms and there isn't much room on the peg when using anything over a size 5 yarn. Are the pegs short on this loom too?
Do the Knifty Knitter loom clips fit this size of loom?
Is the loom sturdy or does it pull together when you do a tight stitch&gt;
What weight of yarn is supposed to be used with this loom? I am looking for one that would work with size 5 or six or chunky yarn. Thanks!
Do instructions come with this item?
I have never used a knitting loom before. I want to make placemats and coasters. Is this loom good for those kinds of projects?
does it come with the adhesive
Does the unit come with the repositionable adhesive roll, or the permanent adhesive one, or both?
Does it come with the adhesive roll already or do you have to purchase those separate?
Can you use the laminating and magnetic rolls in the old blue model
Can you make a sticker that is smaler that 5 inches? If doing so, is there too much left over/empty sticky area?
Can you put items slightly thicker than paper through it? Such as a thin fabric or ribbon?
can you customize any design or text?
Silly question, but can this make clear stickers? Like the image with a clear background?
Does the paper that you put in come out with a "lamination" type feel or just a paper feel?
how weather resistant are the stickers?what about the adhesive?
Hi, Can this punch a hole through Curad Mediplast wart remover paper? I'm looking for something like this. Thank you.
Can this punch a hole 2 inches from the edge of the stock?
Is this item suitable for setting eyelets or grommets in fabric?
I see everyone talking about this doing eyelets but can it also be used to apply metal snaps ?
I see everyone talking about this doing eyelets but can it also be used to apply metal snaps ?
Will this tool set 1/8" eyelets? I now use the fiskers snap tool but it smashes the front side of the eyelet.
I like to use eyelets with the washer. Will this tool work for that?
can you buy just the case for cro-a-dile w/pink handles
Can you use any brand of eyelet with this tool?
So does this tool set the eyelet and punch the hole? Sorry, I am new to the eyelet world and am trying to find the right tools for setting an eyelets
I am just getting started. How long are the rods?
are the rods hollow? and what is the inside diameter if they are hollow?
what brand of glass is this?
is this one inch? I need one inch
what size letters. can I just touch the stones in white paint and put the letter where I want?
Anyone no the size of the actual letter itself? Thanks
The product name says "Traditional Style Letters &amp; Numbers" -- but the smaller print below that says the package includes only 20 stamps. How can you have 26 letters and 10 numerals represented with only 20 stamps? Are some letters/numerals left out?
I need to know what size the letters will be. Please let me know. I am looking for 5/8 inch letters???
Hi, Would this applicator be suitable for tube lined designs on pottery?
would this work to apply crystal to clothing,ect??
Does this work well with Multi Medium Matte or Glossy Accents?
does this work for henna?
Is the cap attached to the bottle to not lose it?
Will the rails support bins filled with fabric?
Can someone please tell me specifically which Artbin products are pictured in the Storage Case Rack so that I may purchase the correct ones? Thanks.
tackle box
How many of the "standard" size super satchels does it hold, 3 or 4? (i.e.: not slim and not double deep). I think the standard are 3.5" deep. Thanks
How much weight will each rail support hold?
What is the cube made of and how thick are the sides? I have limited space and would like to fit two sets of cubes side by side in a small space,
How tall are the small and large bins?
Is this product designed for wall mounting? If it is not would it be structurally sound to mount it to the wall using toggle bolts?
Do you ship to Brazil?
Are the art bins included or is this the outside shell only?
What are the internal dimensions of this item? I need to know if my various sketchbooks, pads, and resource books will fit inside without bending.
Would this be good for a 12 year old to store art supplies and construction paper?
Will this case fit a 12 inch ruler inside comfortably?
When you have small items in a bin and close the lid, does this container when picked upright or tuned over keep those items in their respective bins?
What is the width of the three horizontal stationary dividers?
Is this box deep enough to hold 30 ml/1 oz essential oil bottles upright?
Could the dividers be moved to accommodate crayons? Thank you.
Is the lid see-through?
Why are there two different sized dividers? The "B" dividers don't seem to fit properly and end up bending. What am I doing wrong?
Depth of the compartment?
Would this be useful for bulletin board letters? (In a classroom)
is it good for rainbow loom
Hello, Do you know the size (L x W) of a square compartment? I understand its 3.5" Deep. Thank you!
How do I prime this fabric?
We used the liquid chalk markers with this fabric and after one day the chalk won't come off. Any suggestions? So sad as the kids had so much fun!
Hello, Is this rolled up or folded for shipment? Thanks and Happy Holidays, JA
WHAT TYPE OF CHALK IS GOOD FOR THIS MATERIAL
can it be machine sewn, such as for an apron?
is it on a mesh backing?
Does this fabric drape well if used as a table cloth or is it very stiff?
How do I apply this cloth to a t-shirt? Can I wash this?
Is this sold by the yard?
I just ordered 4 yards. I assume my order will arrive as one 60" wide roll of four yards (not cut). Is this correct? Thanks.
What do you mean "siding not included"? I'm not sure what siding you are talkiing about - does the house have sides?
Does the house come with the pictured furniture?! Or is that sold separately? If so,I must know so I can order the furniture on time with the house.
This will be my first dollhouse kit. What is the best glue and paint to use?
Does the door open?
can barbies fit in it?
Do I have to assemble this house?
Can you send me a photo of the back of this house? Greenleaf Orchid Dollhouse Kit - 1 Inch Scale
Hello, do you ship to Germany, if so, what are the costs for the dollhouse and approx shipping time?
How do we choose which cover design we want?
Can I store 10x13 photos in it ?
where do I email to choose cover?
Are the pages 11x14 or is the cover 11x14? Can I get sheet protectors for the pages and, if so, are they top-loading or side-loading?
Can you add pages into this album?
Has anyone used this for felt projects? I'm making a felt quiet book for my daughter and would really love to avoid all the sewing.
Does this would with patches and Girl Scout uniforms?
Will this work to adhere veneer to a substrate?
Is this a double-sided fusible?
Can this be used for quilting; specifically, on the back of t-shirts for a t-shirt quilt? Most t-shirts are relatively light-weight and thin so I want to ensure the t-shirts don't shrink but also want them not to budge. Thanks!
I used this to do a t-shirt for my husband and rolled up in the wash, each wash got worse. After 3-4 washes, it was junk. Any ideas? :(
I tried to use this when making burp cloths out of cloth diapers and could no get to stick , what am I doing wrong?? I followed the directions on the
Can you apply this product with a heat press. If yes, what settings would work?
I am interested in making a Scrable quilt using layer cakes. If using this to apply the letters.....would you stitch around each to secure?
I'm making a onesie memory quilt and was told to use this to stabilize them, I've never used interfacing, will this work for what I'm doing?
Can I use these with Colors laser printer? I need to print in colors not only B&amp;W. Thank you :)
I bought it because it says "Self adhesive. I need to make signs and stick them on the cupboards. Any body can tell me how are they self adhesive?
Can you also paint on these with acrylics, markers, etc. before baking?
How is this different from vellum? I am looking for a transparent sheet to print a clipart border that will overlay a mat in a frame.
can I print a picture on this to use on my overhead projector?
Is it intended to be used like stencil film so that parts are cut away to allow paint/ink to be forced through onto fabric or paper?
how thick are the ink jet film sheets
Is there a semi-transparent, matte, printable film out there?
Can I use this with a normal house/office printer?
Can I use them to print out guest names and then put the names on escort cards? My escort cards are weird shape and can't be used in a printer. Thanks
What is the difference between the regular Stitch Witchery and the "super"?
can i use this to hem jeans? I am cutting them off to make shorts...
curtains
Once it is bonded can it be taken off or reversed?
would this be good to lace a walking stick handle?
Would this size (2mm round) work for stringing 6x9mm pony beads?
Would this product hold a gourd bird house?
Is it normal to have tiny "chunks" of stuff in the cream? I had a little trouble applying it 'cause I had to keep picking out the tiny pieces.
What is the shelf life after it has been opened?
There have been varying answers as to how long to leave the product on the item and how thick to apply it.. Help!
I have sliding glass doors that I want to etch, but the product description says "NOT recommended for etching large solid areas of glass." Why?
How many last names would this put on glass cake pans? Would it do 20 different pans?
how much does it cost ?
I will be etching around 300 glasses with one letter on each glass will I need one or two bottles of cream?
Would this product work to etch pieces of colored glass? I want to turn sharp fragments into dull, ground, beach-washed pieces. How long to soak?
Will it etch porcelain bathtub for painting?
Will this product work to etch the porcelain on my tub in preparation for refinishing?
Are these the blades for the new Cricut Explore?
does the cricut explore use the same replacement blades
I know it says all Cricut machines, but will these work on the Cricut Mini?
will these work on my old expression machine?
hello How many blades
Are these for the original Cricut?
Are these blades for the Mini? the information on Cricut products falls short of complete....
I have a Cricut Create, the original and it says to use the red top blades. Will these work as well
How do I know if these blades will fit my Cricut Expression? I do not have the original packaging, so am not sure if the 29-0002 is the right blade.
does this work with the expression 2?
is this resin?
can you use any kind of dye to add color or just resin dye
does this stay clear when dry
Is this a complete kit with the catalyst? I had to ask this for similar products since no package contents are shown or described.
Is the epoxy, once cured and hardened, safe for use on skin?
Is this a good amount to encapsulate a medium sized Emperor Scorpion?
What kinds of materials can you use for the mold? Does it have to be a special mold from a company like Castin' Cast, or can you use items around the
I want to make end caps for a pen I can't get parts for. Could I color this with ink? Would it be durable enough to not scratch/ chip afterwards?
Are graduated cups and stir sticks included in this kit?
is it weather proof?
Can I use these mats with cricut explore
i bought this and it says can be used with cricut expression 1 is that true? i cant figure out how to change the size on the craft room
Does this work with the Cricut Imagine?
Can you use this with the brother scan and cut?
do these come with a non stick cover sheet?
I want to use these on a small kitchen cabinet. Do they really support the 225 pounds?
Size? ..I am replacing a broken caster. They need to match. The existing casters are: Wheel itself 1 1/2" +/or Mounting plate to bottom of wheel is 2"
What is the measurement of the square plate?
do they swivel or rotate all the way around...I am wanting them for a suitcase
do they come with screws?
Do these casters have a lock?
What is the width and length of the mounting plate on these four casters? Also are screws included in the purchase?
What is the diameter of the caster wheel?
how high off floor does these raise furniture, i.e. measurement from top of plate to bottom of wheel
What is the distance between mounting holes?
How many actual page protectors come in the memory book I am wondering if it is 10 which equals 20 pages or if it is 20 page protectors equaling 40
How are the photos adhered to the pages? Can one use photo corners to place the pictures in the book? Are there pockets or plastic on the pages?
How many pages does the book come with? And what kind? And about how many pages can it hold? I'm looking for something that holds about 175 pages.
So this is an actual 3 ring binder where I can take out pages and insert more pages without taking the whole album apart?.
Is the ribbon pictured in the photo attached to the photo album/can it be removed?
how many pages does it hold?
Are there 12 x 12 pages with 4x6 pockets (divided pages where you can insert pictures and not have to scrapbook every page) that fit these well?
how many pages are there and how many pages can be inserted and of which color are the pages
Is there a place to write information about the photo, beside the photo?
How wide is the spine?
For this specific product (4-inch by 180-inch) how many half-masks would I be able to make out of it?
How many adult face masks can I make from this pkg of Activa Rigid plaster cloth 4-inch by 180 inch?
How long does it take to dry enough to remove from what you are casting?
How many inches are there between the needle and the arm? I want to move to larger projects so I'm looking for machine with a good amount of space in the neck for free motion quilting maybe a king size quilt. Thank you in advance!
What is the difference in the this "limited Edition" and the non "limited edition"? Thanks
Does this machine have free handed quilting capabilities
is this a free arm that can sew cuffs and narrow pant legs?
Dos it have automatic threader?
what else what i need to purchase along with this sewing machine?
i dont know anything about hemming, sewing machines etc. can this machine be used for hemming jeans also? is it heavy duty?
can this machine do embroidery
the auto threather is broken. can I order the part and have it pt in?
Can you embroider with this machine
To someone who has had the machine for over two year: do you still like it? Are the computer components working properly?
What is the throat size of this machine? Thanks!
I will use this machine primarily for piecing quilt tops and simple machine quilting. Any quilters opinions on this machine?
Does this machine have a blanket stitch for aplique?
can you do free motion quilting with this model
Can I quilt with this machine?
What machine do I need? I want to hem heavy denim jeans and hem stretchy tops using a stretch stitch that won't break when pulled on.
Is the default needle position (when you stop) up or down?
I am torn between purchasing the PC420PRW or the SE425..I'll be doing more sewing than embroidering..would I benefit enough to get the SE425?
Does the automatic cutter cuts the thread close to the fabric or does it leave tail?
Can you make shawls with the addi original express?
I am trying to decide on which addi machine to buy. I mainly want it for scarf making. Which one should I buy?
Hi does free shipping apply to New Zealand? I wanted to purchase but was going to be charged an extra $30 for shipping? Thanks
How easily does it handle knots when switching to a different color? Are there jamming problems?
I had recently purchased a knitting machine,different company and type. It constantly skipped stitches. Is this one better?
Has anybody successfully made a sock from fingering weight yarn on this machine? I see conflicting answers and thought I'd ask again.
can you make a blanket with this?
Can a 9 year old use it?
First of all can you ma.ke newborn sized hats, and if you can is it possible to put a ribbed edge on them?
Can this machine make socks for a small-footed adult?
Does it come with a paint brush?
Will some colours be repeated? I don't want to risk having more than 1 repeated colour.
best way to hold pans into case and where to mark the colors so they can be easily identified.
Which set should I buy, the set of 12 or the set of 45? I am not a professional artist this is just a hobby.
Are these professional artist paints, I don't want student grades
Does the palette detach? Not the lid, but the side that has 8 wells.
Can anyone tell me the exact measurements - in inches - of this palette when opened?
Hi I am from Mexico this watercolors interest me , let me know if they can be shipped to my country and what is the cost of shipping ?
do you send to mexico city ?
Can I reserve this product in Argentina? Wha&acute;s the shipping cost?
can I use 6 strands dmc embroderery thread?
can you use this punch needle with yarn to make a punch rug
Where can I get replacement needles?
Is this punch needle tool battery operated? I'm trying to replace one I had years ago.
Does this need to be heat set? I'm painting a sofa and don't want a product that requires heat setting. Thanks! Paula
Can I use this on unfinished wood to create a wash?
Would I need to use this if I am painting a cloth covered valance above my windows or would it help to cover better by using this?
Do you really need to wait 7 days for it to dry? I'm trying to do a class project with handprints on tshirts.
I want to freshen up pleated fabric window shades. The outside has a reflective layer. Will this product work with latex wall paint?
If I were to paint a figurine with acrylic paint, could I use this to coated for protection? If not, what should I use instead?
story paint a figurine with acrylic paint, could I use this to coated for protection? If not, what should I use instead?
Will this be ideal when painting figurines and plastic toys, not fabric? Also, mix with the acrylic paint or paint then coat with this stuff?
HI, can i mix any acrylic paint with Plaid Delta's textile medium??? Please let me know
Can I use this on ink jet canvas or photo paper with pigment ink?
What is the temp setting on the iron, and will it work on nylon?
which side do you iron on? smooth or rough
is it stiff?
Can this be used on satin? Such as a satin dress?
does this have paper on it? iron it on and THEN take the paper off and fuse your fabric toghether? if so that's what i am looking for. thanks..
What material is it made from, plastic or metal?
How large/long are the needles?
what color is the case?
Is this the right size for darning socks? The "Jumbo" part is throwing me off.
Will this glue glass beads to fabric
Is this glue waterproof and appropriate for outdoor use? Will not expose to cold temps.
I bought this and plan on using on glass to glass, glass to metal, and metal to metal. I'm safe on the glass to glass, but what about the other two?
does it really work?
Can I spray this over a wooden frame painted with acrylic paint?
Can this be used over colored pencil drawings
can it be used to protect photos printed on canvas?
Is this waterproof and will it protect chalk paint on a mason jar?
ok to seal a paper collage?
Can this spray be used on glass, like wine glasses?
Can I spray this over fabric rag balls that will be placed outdoors? The balls consist of styrofoam with fabric strips glues to it.
can it be used on arcylic painted rocks
Can this be used over art journal pages (mixed media) that were painted with acrylics? Thanks!
can you use it to fill plastic ornaments, if so, how many bags would I need?
can this be used as bean bag doll filler
Can it be used to decorate live tree
Looking to use this in a diy play snow (shaving cream &amp; cornstarch), to add sparkle. do you think it is "sparkly" enough to make a difference?
How much snow is in the bag when you dry measure it? I bought some snow from Hobby Lobby once and it said 2 1/2 quarts dry measure.
I want to fill a jar to make a 'snow globe'. Is this the right product? Should I fill with a liquid as well?
will snow stick to history boards
Hi, I need something that will dry hard after applying. What is the best product for me?
Are these little 1/8 inch balls?
can this be used for smow globes
Are the sizes marked on the hooks?
I'm taking a beginners crocheting class, and need to bring a crochet hook. would these be good to start out with?
where are these made
Are these made in the U.S.A.?
What sizes are these?
can these be used for rainbow loom kit instead of the plastic hook
Is this an IN Line head
Are these the only sizes I'll need for common things?
Which crochet hooks are the most pleasant ones to crochet with, these silvalume ones or the crystallite acrylic ones also by Susan Bates?
Is it good for rainbow looms?
Snow Tex comes off ceramic tree after allowed 24 hours to dry, when touched
Does anyone know if it can be used in a water globe?
Can this snow be used on fake christmas trees?
what is the ml of each color?
What does this kit come with? How many colors? Which colors?
Will their other palettes stack on top of each other in the case?
Would this be good for a 11 year old girl to use?
How does this come off? After testing a design on my kid's face and leaving it several hours, it appears to leaves a stain on their cheek!
How much for ship to HoChiMinh City, Vietnamese
what is the expiry date on these face paints? How long will it last?
About how many faces will this paint? I'm looking to purchase for a fundraising booth.
Are these paint colors regular red, blue, yellow, etc? They seem to be earth tones in the picture.
how many do I get when purchsed 1 or 2?
How thick is the canvas frame? one inch? 7/16 ?
Does this canvas have the bar across the back in the center for extra support so the canvas doesn't warp?
Does this come in a pack or just 1 canvas.
I'm looking for a canvas that I can use watercolor on first and then something like marker or colored pencil after. Would this be a good option?
Is this canvas ready to be hung?
when i order 1 how many do i get? do i get 1 or 2 in the package
The description reads " 24 by 36-Inch" but the picture reads "12" x 16" -- which is true?
Only one, not two of them like pictured?
Letter and Number size: what is the height and width of the letters and numbers when stamped?
I am trying to find this is upper and lower case alphabet. I need the larger 3/4 inch rubber stamps. Are these this size?
What are the dimensions of the letter blocks?
How can the letters be both 3/16, 5/16 and 1cm? Which font size is it??
What is the size of each stamp?
how far will it expand? how is the binding expandable?
Are the paper inserts in the inside protective pockets white or black?
how many refills does the album recieve ?
just paper pages and no magnetic plastic or pockets? (just plain is what I want or will get a binder and do myself!)
Is this a photo album or a scrapbook album?
I would like to add more pages to this album, but need an extender. Is it possible to purchase and extender that would allow me to add many more page?
Are the pages plain or themed?
Is this a post bound or ring binder alb
Can you add additional pages using posts?
How many pictures does this album hold?
how many 4x6 photos does this album hold?
Would it be safe to use on furniture? I have a chair that has "pills" all over it.
Does this work on upholstery fabric without harming it?
Are there replacement blades available?
where is this made
Does this work on fabric couches
is this electric ?
can you use it on wool hats?
I have a sofa that is covered with nubs and lint because of the nubs! I tried a cheap shaver from walmart and it didnt touch it. Should I try this?
Reviews say $10 but it is 15.99 on here now where camo get it for $10 ?
Do you have replacement blades?
I would like to use this paper as background for a yearbook page for my daughter's year book (preK). Do you think it would work?
I would like to use this paper to make ornaments - requires folding paper / gluing on backside ... Will this paper work well?
Do you get all 3 Stack books as the picture shows for $9.99?
Is this paper glittered on both sides?
What weight is the paper?
will this copy on glass?
what size is each sheet and how many sheets of that size come on people why isn't anyone giveing actual dimensions
Can you erase the image created with this?
can I use this to transfer a design on a iphone cover, it is plastic.
how do you frame the sheet of a canvas pad?
Is there anyway to secure the pad to an easle?
is it made for acrylic paints and pasteles?
how do you frame/mount them?
Are these canvas sheets white ?
how many sheets?
Can I use these with yarn(DK, worsted) like darning needles? I am looking for darning needles that have a sharp point.
I am a beginner, will these be good?
Will these work for cross stitching baby quilts, pillowcases, and towels?
are these hand needles or machine needles?
will these break easy?
will these needles work with the clover needle threader?
Are these needles nickle-free?
Do you have a transfer pen?
Does anyone know the weight rating ? I need to hold 10 lbs. secure.
I want to attach fabric to a plastic surface. The plastic is 3mm thick. Will these buttons work in this situation?
can i use these on a leather belt?
WILL THESE WORK WITH OLD METAL PLIERS?
Do you need a special tool to attach these?
Is this a size 3 brush?
Do you know the diameter and length of this brush?
what are the sizes of the 3 brushes
Is the bonding tape lite enough for silk repair?
Can this be written on with a permanent marker?
Can this tape repair a small hole in the pocket of a pair a of pants?
I have a tear in a pair of dirt bike pants. They are polyester. I am worried the iron will melt the pants. How hot does the iron need to be?
can i use this product to bond a fabric batch onto a shirt without it tear up during wash
Is this tape made to adhere on only one side or is it sticky on both sides of the tape. want to attach denim patch onto denim, and don't trust the iron on patches strength alone for hold.
How many eyelets are included in the set?
How large is extra large? Inside diameter?
can you set the eyelet with a crop-o-dile eyelet setter?
how to install dritz large eyelets
what is the fabric content?
Is this easy to pull apart like say if I wanted to use it to stuff little stuffed animal type things I've made rather than using it as a sheet?
Can I use this to cover my front yard for a snow-like scenery?
Can I cover my front yard with this to give a snow-like scenery?
Is this product 100% cotton?
What is thickness?
Are there spools in the box that the bobbins sit on or are they just long open spaces? Wish they had more pics.
does it fit 15j style
can you give me the measurements of this box please
would the box hold sewing machine brothers bobbins?
so, that means they sell empty without bobbins?
Can these bobbins be used on a 3232 Singer machine?
Can I buy a bobbin box with filled bobbins?
will thes bobbins fit the brother machine&gt;
Does this case fit the SA156 sewing machine bobbins (Brother machine)?
my bobbins are extra-large; they are unique to the Bernina 830 (1-inch in diameter and just under 3/8" thick) Will they fit?
Does it show detailed instructions on how to use the lacer?
do you need a sewing machine?
The reviews are very confusing. Some say nothing came but a book, others say everything was included. So how are buyers to know?
rug braiding supplies
Does this kit include the metal pieces that help fold the fabric?
Does it come with extra blades. If not, do the scissors dull?
How well do these cut thru standard corrugated cardboard?
Do you think these would cut through burlap ??
Are the batteries replaceable?
Is this a good cutter for those hard to open clamshell packaging? If not what do you think is?
Has anyone cut faux fur with this? My daughter likes to make animal tails.
The charger light glows red when plugged into the wall socket. It never turns green even when the cutter is fully charged. Is this normal ?
Has this happened to anyone? Bottom scissor "blade" started moving after about 30 minutes of use cutting 3 layers of 1mm fabric
Does it work for left handlers?
Does it work for left handed people?
How thick is it?
is the quilt warm....
Can you use this for hand quilting?
I am looking for the old fashioned cotton batting my grandma used. Is this similar? Her quilts would be very cold at first, then warm up
is the batting white? Also, has this been pre-shrunk?
is warm and natural needled cotton with polypropylene safe to use in the microwave for "microwave bowls"?
For rugs, do you have to brush the product on the entire back, or will it be sufficient to brush the 4 corners only?
What is this product made from?
I have some carpet remnants that I would like to use for area rugs on my laminate floors. Will this work to prevent the floor from being scuffed up?
Is this product washable after it has dried?
A few questions: How quickly does it dry? Is there an odor when applying? How quickly does the odor dissipate? Thank you in advance.
How many rugs (4x6) will one 16 oz container do?
Does this product have an odor once it's dry?
How does this product hold up over time: months and years, not days and weeks?
Is it washable?
Can you tell me, is this product clear or white when it dries?
why cant the company answer and give me the info I want does it work as well to keep the cold out too or is it only for heat
can it be used for making microwave tortilla warmers/potato bags?
what constant heat temperature can this withstand?
The ad states No thickness...but two dimensions...Which is it? 9.7 x 2.4 x 14 inches?? OR 36W x 45L?? Also HOW THICK?
Is it machine washable on it's own or do I have to put it between two other pieces of fabric?
which side of the Insul-bright faces the bottom layer of the fabric?
which side up?? for pads to put in cat beds
Does it pill?
Could I used this between fabric pieces to make cat beds? If I also use batting (cotton or polyester), will it work between layers of batting?
Would this be good for insulating curtains to keep the cold out?
Is this the G-S Gingher sharpening stone? Or a Fiskars?
One review indicated that there is a handle on the stone. I would like to know what the dimensions are, both for stone itself and for the handle.
What is grit number of this stone and what kind of stone is that? synthetic or natural?
What is the country of manufacture?
Do you need to use oil with this stone?
I plan to use this in the field to sharpen small camping knives. Anyone can tell me how fine this small stone is compare to waterstone rating?
I'm wondering if this Gingher sharpening stone will work on my Gingher Thread Clippers-4" ??
Is this Fiskars or Gingher brand? The Title says Fiskars but the image is of a Gingher scissors sharpening stone.
how do you sharpen the Gingher scissors?
Can anyone explain how to use this? New to sewing &amp; bought this but not sure how to use it ??Help plz any info will help ! thanks
I have a computerized embroidery/sewing machine. Won't this interfere with the computer components?
I have a pattern that requires a 1/5" seam allowance. would this work
Does it matter what type of foot you are using?
Has anyone used this with Brother SE400? If so, any problems with it?
Question; Can I use the magnetic sewing gauge on a new machine?
brother cs6000i
Does this have emery sand in it to sharpen pins &amp; needles?
Does this pin cushion contain any emery?
I know everyone already asked, but is it possible the emery/sharpener is in the flower's center/round section?
What are the dimentions? what is the thickness and the diameter? thank you
What is the length of the tape?
Where is this made?
Is the fiberglass material cloth like?
Does this measure in centimeters to?
Anyone else concerned about this on label?"This product contains a chemical known to the State of California to cause cancer and/or birth defects..."
can you measure in centimeters too?
Who manufactures it.
What is the actual width of the tape? I am looking for a narrow one which would be easier for measuring curves.
HELLO, I'm looking for a tape that accurately measures bra size. what tape is recommended? thank you :)
Do these work with the new Cricut Explore machine?
does this work with circut expressions?
Does this marker work on the new cricut expressions air???
How do you install in the Cricut Explore? I must be doing something wrong because they don't seem to fit.
Will these work with the Cricut 29-0001 Personal Electronic Cutting Machine ?
Do these work with the Circut Mini?
does it come with loops? Are they wool?
What is the size of the finished pot holders from this loom?
Is the hook metal as well ?
are the pegs long enough to handle double strands of thick yarn or fabric strips
I am looking for a loom with 19 pins on each side, most are 18. How many does this one have?
What shape is the hook and is it metal also?
Is there a particular brand of loops that need to be purchased with this? I see that some models require "custom sized" loops.
what age group?
I'm looking for some glow in the dark paint that I can apply to a jump rope to make it glow after sunset. Will this item do that?
Does it dry clear or opaque white?
Does the fabric harden after using the glow paint?
will exposing the paint under direct sunlight for a full day extend the glow time?
I purchased your other fabric paints and they work great! If I mix this with other colors will those colors glow on the fabric?
What are the measurements of this clock?
Does anyone know how to set the alarm on this clock? I have never set the alarm before; can't find my instructions!
Does it run on batteries? I won't trust an alarm clock that does for home use.
ticking
How well would this work to make wear patches for inside of Levis? Would a layer of denim attached with this hold up to regular washings? What is your
Is Thermoweb Heat Bond acid free?
Do you think i can use this to hem a pair of fleece pants that is too long for my kid? If not, what product would you recommend?
whats is the color?
Is this good for handbag inside linings (cloth)?
directions to adhere to a sweater
Does this come in a roll or is it folded? I would like to know if there are creases in it please.
I have put heat and bond on cotton fabric. It is cut and I am now trying to bond it to a terry cloth. It keeps coming off before I can sew it?
Can this be cut in a digital cutter such at the Silhouette Cameo?
Would this be good for appliqu&eacute;s on onesie for baby or too stiff?
Does this come with a storage or carrying case in addition to the stand? What do you do with it when you want to put it away?
If I use a hairdryer to gently quicken the drying, will it hurt the board?
Can I buy a replacement board? Our 3-year old wrote on the board with a marker and it's not coming off.
where do i purchase the $20 replacement original buddha board?
Can you buy a replacement paintbrush?
On youtube, it shows there should be a placemat board that comes with this for spillage. Do you get the placemat with this?
Is it better to use distilled or purified water than tap water? Would tap water with its fluoride, other chemicals, and minerals be harmful?
will the Buddha Board work at a horizontal position rather than upright position?
what site "online" sells them? i could not find the site.
Are there different grades of Buddha Boards? It would seem that the one that I received has different edges than the ones that are shown in pictures.
What does the professional version have that the standard version does not?
Can the patterns also be used for crocheting?
Does it export to a .pdf?
How well does it read pixel hobby files to make into patterns?
Can anyone tell me if this software provides the thread (floss) numbers or just the symbols
the regular pattern maker 4.0 states up to 240 colors in a design but this says only 150 colors per design... is this accurate?
I want to make a family tree, play with name placement. Does it include editable templates? Or design from scratch? Can you manipulate image size?
would it be compatible for Windows 8?
How small a pattern with this software produce. I"m looking at 7.5" X 5". Is that too small?
I want to make patterns of my own from scratch, not with importing a photo. Is this software good for that?
Why is the listing titled : "Bulk Buy: Lily Sugar'n Cream Yarn Twists Super Size (6-Pack)" if it is only for 1 skein? Misleading!!!
Yes, knowing the weight, category &amp; fiber content would be VERY helpful. Why is there no description?
How many yards?
Is the price of $3.97 for 6 balls of yarn?
how do you attach the fabric to the scroll rods,please?
Are there different length rods available for this specific stand or will any brand rods work? can I get them online? Thanks
I want to use this with F.A. Edmunds handi-clamp rods, which have 1/4 inch screws at the ends. Would that work?
I am concerned that it will be uncomfortably high on a table and kill my shoulders. Has this been a problem for anyone?
Does the scroll frames move around completely 360? Or do the knobs on the sides get in the way? Is the frame loose, does it move with hand weight?
Has anyone used this frame sitting on a couch while also using a magnifier/LED floor lamp? Will there be enough room to work freely?
My wife has a cross stitch project which is 48" x 50". Will this frame extend to a full 48"? Thanks!!!
I have a project which when finished will measure 17 1/2 x 17 1/2. The canvas measures 21 1/2 x 21 1/2. Will it fit on this frame?
Hello, I am wondering if this lap stand will work for rug hooking? Thank you.
where could I buy longer extender rods to make this frame to 30"-40"
How much cane (what length) is actually included? I'm wanting to compare it with other similar kits. Thanks!
If I am doing chair legs &amp; replacing 1/4" pieces wrapped around each leg, is this the product I need? Thanks
Regarding the length of the cane - is the 270' all in one piece or broken up somehow?
how do I remove the old caning?
would this be paintable?
What color is the reed? Natural or smoked?
Would this be good material for making sandals?
Is this that soft slippery feeling stuff or does it have that kind of squeaky feeling when you rub it together between your fingers?
Would 1 bag be enough to restuff a VERY LARGE stuffed animal? The big kind you see at Easter and such that are bigger then your kids?
Is this product the vacuum packed 3lb bag (1.4kg) with a zip lock closure, as pictured?
Is this the type of stuffing that you use to stuff amigurumi animals?
How many 12x12 pillows would this bag fill?
is 1 bag enough to fill a 27" x 20" pillow that is 3-4" high?
Is this the same type of high loft Polyester Fiberfill that is used in dog beds?
Would this product work for refilling my couch cushions?(the ones I sit on) If this is not the best product, can you tell me what is? Lookin 4 comfort
Is this chemically treated? For example with fire retardants? I'm looking for pure and untreated filler.
Is this decent quality enough to fill audiophile quality custom speakers?
how much weight can it hold?
Was curious how big of a chalkboard would I need to have for this easel so that it doesn't look strange? Planned on using it as a sign for my wedding.
how does the easel come package? is it easy to travel with?
What size of canvas would you recommend?
Approximately how thick of a canvas will the shelf hold?
how wide is the bottom platform that hold the art?
Would this hold canvas 20X30
Would it hold canvas art for display of engagement picture at wedding? size is 16x20 inches
What is the material of bolts and nuts? Are those steel?
Would this be sturdy enough to hold a cork board for a greeting chart?
could you use these beads on memory wire for jewelery making?
What size are these beads? And about how many of each color come in this set? Thank you!
Is this the correct size bead for making friendship pins?
Are the beads in bags in the container?
We are wanting to make Safety Pin bracelets. These seem to small to fit on a safety pin but the instructions say to buy seed beads. Would these work?
What size are they? 11/0, 10/0, 8/0??
Are these delivered in exactly the same box of boxes as is shown in the picture?
Are these beads acrylic or glass?
what size seed beads?
I want to know, exactly, the size of the beads, not a guess, and I don't think I should have to go to another web sight to find out.
Does it slide or move easily?
I've never seen or felt one of these mats in person, so I'm wondering if they rip or tear easily...?
I need something for fusable interfacing for quilting, need to iron b4 sewing arcs w/o it sticking, will this work
Can the sheet be put into the oven with Polymer clay o.O
Can I melt friendly plastic and utee on this mat
may i ask if this mat is usable toward transferring cardstock to fabric using mod bodge?
How thick is this sheet (similar brands / Ranger are 5 mil)? Thank you!
People are mentioning ironing. Is the sheet heat resistant enough to withstand an embossing heat gun? Max temp is about 680 F.
can this be ironed?
will these work on a chalkboard painted wall? are they erasable/washable?
Are there 48 pieces? A review on here says there isn't 48.
Are these the same as soft pastels?
how long are they? how many inches for one chalk stick?
I need these to mark on fabric while sewing/stiching will theybwork on fabric ?
how big are the stick size? is it 2inchs n thick or the very skinny kind.
does it come with a sponge mat?
Will this product work on chalkboard paint?
Any ideas on how the felt fabric and the cross-stitch fabric go together? I've only cross-stitch on cross-stitch paper before (the one with the holes)
what is the stitch count of the designs?
What count is the fabric? 14, 18 or smaller?
What is the Aida count?
Are these paints washable? Will they stain? They are for a toddler....
Are the watercolors semu-moist or dry?
Does this include a brush?
Can this be used for face painting?
Specifically, what colors are included here? Does this set include cyan blue and magenta?
would this material be good for making sandals?
Would this product work for repairing a chair that tasted good to a puppy?
what does the #1 mean? I am looking for something that is about 1/8" thick.
Would this be flexible enough to crochet into a mat?
I need to replace on my cat's scratching post and it come in different size and weights. Which do I need to order for a cat scratching post? Thank you
How well do these work on paracord or similar string?
Has the orange lock been improved?? My lock broke on mine
My Quality Control dept. does a lot of fabric "snipping", can these be sharpened once they start to dull?
I understand that glue doea not stick to some scissors. Does glue or adhesive effect these?
How well do these work on plastic canvas craft projects?
Lock close? or come with a sheath?
When ironed on to cotton, does it make it more flammable? If hot liquid spills on it, will it burn a hole through or melt the vinyl layer?
Is this product washable when applied to fabric?
Can this be used as a dust protector? I'm trying to make a cover to keep dust off for my husband's telescope using fabric but that alone can't do it.
Can this make a fabric be able to go through an inkjet printer?
Can you use it on pieced fabric? I am interested in making placemats that you can wipe, but would like to piece the top for design.
Could I iron this onto cushion/seat fabric of my dining chairs? They sure could use the protection :)
I purchased this but the directions got accidentally thrown away. :-( Can someone give me directions please? I am using it for thick fabric. Thanks!
Is this product CPSIA compliant? Does it contain any PVC or BPA?
Is this product safe to use as the lining of a bowl that will be used for food?
Can you use this product on paper? for instance, if you wanted to make an apron pocket using a child's artwork?
What material should I buy to make a peel and stick on stencil for painting on metal? Then remove the stencil and have clean lines?
can it work in countries with 220 voltage
can this be used on the plastic lids that come on coffee cans, cottage cheese lids, etc...with any success?
Are extra tips available for purchase? Does it seem that the tips supplied will last a while?
do you think this product would work on sandblasting resist which has been stuck to glass?
Will this work well for cutting contact paper? I use contact paper for making adhesive stencils for glass etching.
What is the included edge remover used for?
will this cut card stock or burn it?
Will this work to etch glass? Thanks!
I want to cut stencils from 2 mm craft foam. Would this work for that?
Feeling dumb - can not figgure out how to open the barrels. Help? I'm afraid I'll ruin the seal if I force it.
Do you have to do 6lb. At the same time or can you do just 3?
can you polisg resin jewlery in this?
can i polish rock slabs with this tumbler
Could this be used to "soften" the sharp edges of lava rock?
I need to polish my polymer clay beads. Has anyone used this for that? How long should you tumble beads to get a good results?How much electricity use
can you control the speed ?
Can you tumble glass pieces?
Will these drums hold liquid?
Where exactly does the oil go? Does it go where the roller enters the housing or somewhere inside the housing? Thanks!
isnt palm environmentally detrimental to wildlife in ancient forests? anyone have any further info on this?
What all is included in the kit?
what size is this pot?
What kind of wax comes with the kit??
What kind of fragrance does this come with? It does not specify.
does it work with INDUCTION oven?
what size is the pouring pitcher? (how much wax does the pitcher hold 1, 2, 4, 6, lb)?
What are the dimensions of the block?
10lbs makes how many tea lights? how many tea lights does 10lbs of wax make?
Can you use this to make candles in mason jars? If so how many candles do you think it would make?
Rec'vd. 2 blocks and nothing on item label stating that it's paraffin wax as in the description. Anybody know if this is in fact paraffin wax?
Is this product 100% parrafin wax?
Can I blend this wax with soy to make candles in containers?
Is this wax good for candles made in a mold?
What is the melting point? Looking for high melting point for wax sculpting
Does the package specify the melting point? Paraffin waxes melt in a wide range depending on the type, and I prefer a higher melting point.
does this come with everything to make candles...ie wicks etc.
Do you have 16" x 16"? I don't need the canvas, just 3 frames.
Does this canvas come with the frame also or is just a soft canvas with no frame?
Will this canvas work for a watercolor project?
the picture showing a different size and said pack of 5, 10? is it really in pack of 5 or 10? or just a wrong picture?
Are these actually gallery-wrapped (1.5 inch)?
how thick is the canvas edge?
What are the dimentions of this palette when it's closed? Thanks!
Hi, How long does it take to ship from UK to CA? Is that 5 workdays? Cause the estimate arriving time seems to be very late...
Hi, I have always used (and loved) White Nights watercolors. Can I order 1 extra pan of Payne's gray to be included with this watercolor set?
Where does this ship from?
What colors included in the set? Im looking for dark green and I can not see what is inside...I'd appreciate list of colors!
Are these professional paints? I don't want student grade
Ok experts, please tell me , what can I use these for? I am retired and disabled, and a tinkerer into building models, working on electronics, fish aquariums, rebuilding my 57 Bel Air, and collecting vintage ship board clocks (Brass, Bakelite, etc.)...
Would this tool be able to fit in Dremel Rotary machine and be able to carve hard wood?
I need to drill very small holes (1-2mm) in crystals - Will this set do the trick?
does anyone know if I can use these burs to smooth the edges of glass I'm using for mosaics? Is it ok to use them dry?
Will any of them engrave on rock?
Will this cut titanium?
I am needing to make a 7/16 inch flat circle with a 1/32 inch depth in a flat glass surface. Does this item come with a 7/16 inch flat bit?
I plan on using these for pc case mods. How well will these bits cut through ceramic side panels? Also, how clean would they cut glass?
Would this set be a good choice for grinding the "nubs" off the sides of tiles? I am repurposing used tiles and need to get those little nubs off
Is this set compatible with a WEN rotary tool?
is it clear or does it have sparkles on it?
Thanks for all the answers!
I need a good, strong quality cellophane that is very noisy. Crisp, crinkle noisy?
is it very stiff?? i dont need the thin ones
I am looking for cellophane to use in baby toys for crinkle noise...will this work for that?
I'm wrapping gift baskets for customers and the cellophane i've used previously has torn during wrapping. How does this one hold up?
Is this true, compostable cellophane or its synthetic "cello wrap" cousin?
Is this the same cellophane used for shrink wrap?
just wondering approximately how many regular sized baskets are you able to wrap with one roll? does anyone know?
Available in a variety of brilliant colors and sizes- is it available in blue - same price, free shipping????
How is this different from Cricut Craft Room? Isn't it the same thing?
Does this software work with the Cricut Explore? Can it make the Explore independent of the internet?
Can you design your own designs and use the cricut expressions to cut it out
Do you still need your cartridges when using this?
Is this compatible for Mac?
Is there a manual for cricut explore? Nothing much came with the machine
Can I use cricut expression2 ?
Hi what can I buy to use with my cricut that will run on windows 8.1?
Does this work for Cricut expression 2?
Is this compatible with Windows 7
how heavy is the machine?
I'm a 58 year old beginner sewer and thinking of getting this as my first sewing machine. Am I nuts?
Does it come with a finger guard foot for young sewers?
Can you quilt with this machine?
wondering what size needles and what brand to get. the needle it came with snapped in half and im not good with this stuff
does this hold a reg size spool of thread.. The little machine I bought does not, it only holds the tiny spools?
Can you take the little Hello Kitty head off of the machine? Is it glued? What is under there? My daughter (9years) can't stand Hello Kitty!
Has anyone else had trouble with the top thread breaking all the time or are we doing something wrong.
What does the machine come with? Should I plan to purchase anything so that my daughter can start to sew on Christmas morning?
Can you tell me what is the housing made of? plastic or metal
Does the beads have a lead covering?
Are there holes in them? Picture looks like they do but other comments lead to believe no
WHAT MM SIZE ARE THESE OVALS?
How many in a package?
How big are the holes? What gauge wire will fit through them?
what size and color are these? Can they bind a 8" x 10' rug?
is this kind of binding tape for sewing on?
I can't read the label. Is this for binding carpet? Also, what color is it and how much is in a package. How wide is it?
what are the dimensions of the binder?
About how many pages can this album hold?
Are the inside covers black?
What size photos do the page protectors that are included hold? These are not the magnetic type pages are they? thanks!
Why does the black binder cost $17.99 and the burgundy almost $30? Is there any difference in the quality?
Why is "classic leather" listed in the title but referred to as "faux leather" in the reviews?
Can you recommend me the black paper pages that fits this album? I would like to use it for my wedding stationery portfolio. Thanks.
I have the Project Life 12 x 12 photo pocket pages in Design A. Will these fit into this album nicely?
How many page protectors does it come with? The description says 5, but also 10.
DO THE PHOTOS SLIP INTO THE TOP OF PAGES?
Would this work for dipping flowers?
Is this non-gmo?
Is this wax unscented?
How many candles can you make with 1lb?
can this soy wax be used in cosmetics?
can this be used in an electric wax warmer along with essential oils
Could this be used in part to make homemade lip balm?
what scent is it?
is this shaved already? Or is it in block form?
can this be used to fill a mold for a brain im making for school?
what is the difference between Supracolor and Supracolor II?
I'm buying it for a gift. Can the user use it to do watercolor?
Are those pencils still "made in Switzerland"?
Can anyone provide a list of the layout order that this 120 set comes from the manufacturer? I can find colorcharts, but not in layout order.
Also, whats the difference between Supracolor and Pablo range?
I would also like to know what the difference in the supra color and the supra color II. There is a six dollar difference in price. I have an older, smaller set by this company and I don't even know which ones I have as I've had them a long time. I...
Hi I can't tell from the picture but is the floor of this holder perforated or solid? IE if you pick it up, do the brushes fall out the bottom?
Will this stand house spectrum noir pens?
Will this fit in the Tombow storage tote bag? Reviews on that bag indicate that it needs a stand for the markers. I was wondering if this would fit.
Would this fit makeup brushes or lip gloss?
Will this holder work with dual-tip Prismacolor markers? Thanks!
Will this hold ad markers/letraset tria markers?
Will this hold Tim Holtz Distress Markers?
what are the outside dimensions?
How tall is the holder, when assembled?
What country is the dual brush pen desk stand made in? Thank you.
Im interested in the one inch holes and the 20x8 size. Is this an option?
How large are the openings? I'm thinking of using it as a pet barrier around my deck.
could this possibly be used for a lacrosse back stop i'm making or is it not strong enough?
How can I hang antique rods on the netting?
In need of netting for a ghillie suit. Is the netting diamond or square mesh, does it stretch alot, is the netting really dyeable.
Will this product repair cat scratches?
Does it have a strong smell?
my leather purse had a pin mark, i (stupidly) used magic eraser, acetone etc too it so i believe it has stripped the leather will this work for this
I have a yellow Italian leather recliner. On the end of the arms the color is completely gone. Will this fix that?
Does it require heat
How much water should a person use to thin out your mixed paint? Should the paint still be on thick side or on a watery thin side?
i have a black leather patch (Handbag) which the colour is faded, can this fix the patch?
Will this work on black?
Will this work where leather was scratched off of the couch? They're from cat scratches so it's all small spots that need to be touched up.
How much area can this kit cover to retouch a color? Is there enough to touch up the color on a worn turquise
Is this okay to use with acrylics? Or what brand is reccommended for use with acrylic paint?
Has anyone used this mask for chemical glass etching?
how can you remove rubber cement used as substitute for liquid mask (frisket)?
What do you clean the brushes with after application?
do you have better results with a thinner or thicker application?
What are the ingredients? Does it have any smell? If it does, what I can use instead? Thank you, Luba
Does it come with a rubber cement eraser, or should I get an extra one to take it off?
I've had trouble getting the mask off without leaving smudges and stains. Anybody else have this problem?
Can This product be used for masking on canvas? If not, any suggestions.
Can I write text with this?
how thick are these? 1/8"?
What are the 3 sizes?
When these sizes are called out as 1", 2" and 3".. these are finished sizes correct? These templates do have seam allowance don't they?
Do they come in 3 seprate pieces or do they snap together in eachother?
Good afternoon, I am interested in buying 150 boxes of this product is for the Bixolon SRP-350? it would do me good discount. thank you very much
I want to be certain that this receipt paper is BPA free, and cannot find that information in the specs for the product. Is it?
Hi, , WIll this paper fit EPSON TM-TM20 THANK YOU
With this paper work for the Star TX800 RX Printer?
what mm?
Is this BPA free ?
I'm sure the answer is YES but did I buy the right paper for my Star TSP100 thermal printer? Case arrives in a day or so and want to be sure I bought the right product. Thanks!!
This is ribbonless paper?
Does this work for the Espon TM-T88IV?
what does self healing mean? Does it just heal back together if you cut it or what?
Is it a hard surface or more pliable? Will the knife blade go into it? I have a 'self sealer' that you couldn't drive a nail in. not good to cut on.
Does this product smell like plastic real bad?
Does this item have a strong odor to it?
How thick is the mat? Is there a risk of cutting all the way through it and damaging the table you're working on?
Could this be used for food?
Is the mat paint resistant for airbrushing models over it?
Would you have a 2' x 3' piece of the X acto or Rhino self healing cutting mat in either grid or no grids available?
Can it be rolled for storage? If so, how tight a diameter? Also, if so, is it hard to flatten back out after being rolled for a few days?
Can you use this mat to cut out fondant/gumpaste on??
My daughter does a lot with polymer clay. What is the difference between the two products (aside from the air-dry vs. baking)?
How long does it take to dry?
Is it waterproof once its dry? What if I want to make floral jewellery with it instead of polymer clay, will they be durable?
Is this similar to papermache?
Is this Paperclay suitable for making child's handprint keepsake ornaments? Specifically, will it shrink much while drying?
does it shrink?
Is the material durable enough to have as a keychain that will get thrown on the kitchen counter, dropped on the ground, etc?
How long does it take to air dry completely?
Can I use this on the wheel?
Can this be baked along with Polymer clay in doll making?
It seems to be over priced. What difference is there between this and the 770 which is only $700
What's the difference between the PE-770 and the PE-700II ?
Can I use thread cones with this machine, the PE700II ?
Can you rotate 90 degrees for lettering on the PE700ii (like the Pe770 machine)?
brother PE 700II do i need: with the brother PE 700II do I need to purchase the Brother PED-Basic Software for Downloading Embroidery Design in order to transfer designs from my computer to the machine?
where do i find the ____ mark?
Does it have a built in memory like the PE-770?
Does the PE700II work with Windows 7? Thanks
Has anyone used the machine for applique? I don't have the displays that are listed in the manual. Am I supposed to be using a certain thread type? Or do I have to have an applique design on the machine before the display will show?
Does anyone know the exact needle to buy as a replacement for the default one on this machine?
will these fit the Cuttlebug?
How wide? I have the original big red sizzix and can't find cutting pads narrow enough
Will they work with the Vagabond?
Can these mats be used with the big shot sizzix? It only says the big kick or side kick on the description and just want to double check. Thx.
need to know the width
What's the difference between this and the Sizzix Accessory - Cutting Pads, Extended, 1 Pair?
will this fit the 3-ring style of Colorbox album as well as the post bound?
Will these also fit the colorbok 2 hole scrapbooks??
are there 5 sheets or 10 sheets?
is the white 12x12 paper that you paste items onto and then insert into the protector included? It was in the original album I purchased
Is this product #16664?
I purchased the 12x12 chipboard, 25 sheets to the package, medium weight. Could you please tell me the thickness of each individual piece? Thanks.
how sturdy is it?
What do you use chipboard for?
Will this work with the silhouette?
If you want to make a mini album, how so you cut holes for the binding?
Can this be cut and then covered to make a cover/back for a hand-made journal?
I need to use this to put behind sheets of paper to keep them from bending. I need it 6"x9" though. How would I cut this? Thanks :)
is it easy to cut with scissors?
Can you fold this material to make a box out of this material?
Can staz on ink be used to emboss?
Wil this size ink pad work on a stamp that is about 4"x6"? i.e. will it cover the stamp?
can this ink be used with alcohol markers without bleeding?
If I stamp on cork sheets to make coasters, is the ink waterproof? Will condensation from drinks cause it to bleed or come off?
Can this be used on skin for a "hand stamp"? I need to stamp hands for admission to a party.
Will it smear on the back of photo paper? I want to stamp on the back of photographs with logo.
I have heard you can use these to stamp coaster sized tiles. Has anyone tried it?
If I use this ink to stamp cocktail napkins would the ink stay in place or smudge when it got wet?
Will it work on spray painted surfaces? (I spray painted the back of a hand mirror and have not had ink stay on it.)
could it be used on clothes for labeling?
Is this the large flower punch?
how does this product work do you have to put it into something to get the pattern?
I would like to know how big the flower is when it is punched out?
are these page protectors true 12x12, ie: would fit the new creative memories albums pages or are they actually still the old size? thanks for advice.
It says below that these are "old" style not true 12x12. If I order from any of these stores that are selling this product are they all "old" style?
Are these True 12 x 12 size?
I am getting mixed information on these page protectors. The description is 12x12 slip on but the details says "Stainless Steel Stapeld Hinge"
Would this melt a crayon? Is it good for embossing powders?
where is it made?
Would this get hot enough to loosen up window glaze?
It's work in 220watt?
whats the degrees range on the item ?
is this product the same a hair dryer, I have small one and I am wondering if I can use it instead of heat gun?
How hot will it get?
Can be use in EUROPE?
how much fabric will i possibly be purchasing if i do buy this product for....$10.00?
Does it stretch?
Is there anyway of sending a sample swatch of the fabric?
Are these packaged in the image pictured (with purple and pink lable) or are they packaged with a black and white label?
I am looking for 8x81/2 pages to add to my book I bought several years ago. Do you still carry the scrapbook pages (with metal hooks) for this design
are they westrim, not true 12 by 12, but 12 by 11.5 I have bought the item from amazon, and it wasn't as described. I need to complete an album.
Do you still carry the 12in x 12in slip on protective sleeves?
Are these true 12 x 12 or do you have to trim?
Do these fit Creative memories coversets?
Do these top loading page protectors fit in a creative memories album?
Are these acid free?
In the description, it is stated that this usually ships in 1-2 months. Is this an accurate time frame??
is this acid free paper?
I have plastic paper sleeves that I need it stand still so the papers will not bend, will construction paper help if i insert a sheet in each sleeve?
Is this what they call crept paper?
is the white actual constuction paper or is it just regular paper?
What is the paper weight in pounds; others I have seen is 76 pound?
Are the colors separated in the package (like in the picture) or are they all mixed together?
Will this work as a name card when cut to size and folded, ie., will it stay up on a table when folded?
Are there separate orange and yellow colors? The description says "Yellow-Orange" like it's one color, but the reviews indicate separate colors...
What is the approximate volume of this product per pound?
Can I use it to sculpt a figure and then use it to make a silicon mold suitable for casting resin?
What kind of paint would you suggest for permanent results? The acrylics I'm using keep chipping.
I want to make decorative things for the home out of clay that i now make out of resin. Does this dry hard enough to offer it for home decorations?
I'd like to make animal scupture using an armature of chickn wire or metal mesh &amp; then use this stuff as the outside "skin." would it work for that?
I am wondering does this break or shatter, once it has cured? For example dropped on the ground or something heavy drops on top of it?
I am making simple dolls. Can I draw on this with pencils or markers? What type of varnish would I use?
Since I want to use this for littlest pet shop customs, do I attach it to the Littlest Pet Shop first and let it dry or do I attach it after it dries?
i have a white ceramic coffee pot has a 1/2 inch x 1/2 inch broken out piece, it's stark white porcelain. will it cover hole? is it white?
I want to use this to make addition to the Littlest Pet Shop toys. Will this work well enough?
Can i write in the scrapbook or am i only able to put pictures in it?
Do you have the option of using the pages without the page protectors on? Do the page protectors come off?
Is the album post bound or strap hinge?
how many pages?
Could you add more pages in this scrapbook?
I just bought mine and I can't get the screws out to put more pages! Help!!
does the writing come with the cover or can you write yourn own words?
are the page inserts that come with the album the adhesive kind with the clear page protectors on the front?
Is the picture on the front removeable to put it one of my own?
How expandable is this book? Finished product I am looking at is 45 pages
I would like (6) 5-yard lengths or (3) 10 yard lengths. How do I specify this?
Can I obtain a continuous piece of 4 yards?
is it opaque enough? i have bamboo shades and would like to use this at night to get room even darker and i have all different sizes windows
Will this fabric work for home theater curtains?
Is this solid black velvet? The word Alpine is throwing me off. And the image appears to have specks? Not sure if it's just lint or what.
This says uphostry velvet, silly questions. Can I make couch cusion covers with zippers?
When I put a length of 20 in the cart, I was charged 3.99 per yd for shipping. Is that right?
Will this serger sew denim?
I have a yr old Brother 1034D serger really like it now that I can thread 4 cones fast, but it's rather loud. Is the Juki MO644D quieter?
Can this machine join very light fabrics together so they lie flat and do not pucker? I'm using old kimono silk to make patchwork garments.
Where is this serger made?
Does this come with a Workbook and DVD Combo? (for instructions and such)
Is this machine good for attaching elastic to non-stretch material?
Does the Juki MO644D have a free arm?
Would this serger be able to handle double layered fleece?
Does this sew a straight and serged stitch together i.e.3/4?
Does this machine chain stitch?
What age is this product for
Are the paper cards really only 3 and 1/2 inches square? That's what another comment says, but I can't believe they are THAT small...
Does anyone know where to get more paper cards. Regular paper doesn't work.
Where can you purchase more paint for to use with the spinner? What type of paint is it?
what age is this for??
does this require batteries
What type of paint is it?
What age is this recomended?
Could you tell me the size measurements of the white cards that come with the spinner? Thank you!
How do you get the old quartz battery off of the clock? It is a Youngtown 12888 and is not working even with a new AA battery.
How do I adjust the mechanism #H9188?
Can you please confirm the size of the hour and minute hands please? Thanks :)
Will my 12888 musical clock be ok hanging in the garage with the heat?
My 12888 is not working, battery new, battery clasps ok, hands tight, What could be malfunctioning?
quartz movement: I need young town quartz part #12888, does anyone know where I can get this part for my wall clock?
How long is the center post?
i have a large wall clock and was not sure if this would fit the handa on my clock the longest is 6 inches ty
join 3 rings together? Are the ring snuggies big enough to join 3 bands together?
Can these be used on a 7mm band
Can you take off the snuggie when the ring is on your finger? I'm hoping to prevent my ring from ever getting stuck on my finger
will this work on a size 3 ring the wedding band is a size 4 so i need to adjust it down to a size 3 so that i can wear my bands with the wedding ring
What do you know for sure about Ring Snuggies, the adjuster for rings that slip around on your finger? How long do these cheapies last?
Can you take off the snuggie when the ring is on your finger? I'm hoping to prevent my ring from ever getting stuck on my finger
can use use this on a 14 karat gold pinky ring? What size should I get.
can it help with size 11 to a size 7 even if i use 2
i have a puzzle ring size 9 that it slightly to loose. would this be able to hold my ring in place?
My ring is square on the bottom. Will these still work or will it be too round for my ring?
Is this semi automatic
is full atumtic
is it lightweight?
can i use compressed air in the co2 tank?
is the tank it comes with refillable?
Is it possible to get it with the end of the Barrel orange to comply with my universities rules?
how much does it weigh
I just got it, Instructions are vague, does my tank come full or empty?
caliber: hi , whats the caliber off balls ?
Is this version the elite one?
does it contain lead?
Is this parawire???
I'm a newbee in making jewelry. I'm trying to find a stiff wire as the base ..I had made my first piece and finding it's to flimsy. Used 18g
how many mm thick?
would it be safe to use it for fondant work? thanks.
is this a self healing mat?
Can this mat roll up?
this is weird but i was wondering where the number 1's meet up. can i put it on my table with 36 across and 24 vertical?
Can this mat be trimmed with scissors or a sharp blade to fit the exact dimensions of an existing workbench?
Can you clean it with soap and water?
I'm looking to use this as a desk pad to take up bumps and slight height variations in height, is it thick enough to do that?
How does heat affect the mat? Not anything serious like an open flame but something like a steaming hot bowl of soup.
I need to cut a lot of stickers and have them easily remove. How well do stickers adhere to this?
Are there numbers on it ( inches and centimeters)?
What kind of material is this mat made of?
how does this mat compare to dahle self healing cutting mat?
What is the exact thickness of this mat?
is the surface of the mat completely smooth?
Does the mat have marking in inches?
can I cut fondant on this with an exacto knife?
I want to use this to protect my table while cutting through leather with a very sharp knife (won't be pressing too hard). Is the mat thick enough?
What does "self healing" mean?
Does it have metric marking ?
I purchased the blue and gray matt 24 by 36 three months ago and it is warping? is there any y to correct it?
Hi, are you able to ship it to Singapore directly?
I bought the 42 x 30 inch mat I haven't being able to use it as being packed in half for shipping and unable to flatten it, what can I do to fix it
Have they improved the accuracy of the grid lines (some reviews claim very inaccurate lines)?
Can I cut several inches off this mat without it warping or curling?
I've had this mat for 3 months and although I have ALWAYS had it on a flat surface (table) it is warping. Any reasons/suggestions?
It appears the 42x30 mat ships rolled in a tube. Can it be shipped in a flat box?
Is the 42x30 mat dual sided?
Hi, I bought and just received one of your mats. Do you have any suggestions on how to flatten it after being packed in box? is unusable as of now as is deformed. just laying it on a flat surface for a few days didn't do it
Does anyone have the actual dimensions of the mat. I need to make sure it will fit on my table without hanging over.
Another site says this pattern goes to size 40. This site says 26. I need a certain answer, as I am a size 38.
What type(s) of boning does the patten call for? And how much?
Does anyone know how much reduction on the waist this pattern gives?
What size busk does the pattern call for?
I have seen that the fabric is 45" wide, but what is the length? I am trying to cover 4 chair cushions, so would I need to buy 4? Thanks! :)
If I order 2 items, would they send the 2 yards together or they will send me 2 pieces of 1 yard each? I need to yards together.
Is this grey &amp; green or gray &amp; yellow? Is the background closer to pure white or more beige-y?
is the yards number = qty?? if i order 3 items means i'll recieve 3 yards??
can you use this fabric as a slipcover for a chair or is it too lightweight?
What is the width of the fabric?
Would you recommend this fabric to make a table cloth?
What is the fiber content of this fabric?
Is this suitable for a shirt or jacket. Love the colors but was wondering if the flowers were too large.
How wide is the fabric?
Are these 8x8? in the picture it says they are 8x10. I need 8x8.
What is the depth of these canvases?
Do these canvases do well with acrylic paint?
Are they stapled on the edges or on the back?
Are these good for watercolors??? I am planning a kids party(preschool kids) and want to order for the same.
I need to see the back and how it is wrapped?
Do you have 16" x 16"? I don't need the canvas, just 3 frames.
Does this canvas come with the frame also or is just a soft canvas with no frame?
Will this canvas work for a watercolor project?
the picture showing a different size and said pack of 5, 10? is it really in pack of 5 or 10? or just a wrong picture?
Are these actually gallery-wrapped (1.5 inch)?
how thick is the canvas edge?
Is this good for cutting curves? I cut a lot of fleece in curves and circles.
Does this come with both the round blade and the octogon blade?
Hi, is the knife included when purchasing the machine?
does it cut well with single layer fragile fabrics like knits, voile, etc ?
What kind of table/mat...etc does the fabric need to placed on to cut it?
Why is the knife not turning? The engine was on though and I was able to cut part of the fabric and then the knife stop turning. Thanks.
Is this a good tool to purchase for cutting heavy duty linen fabrics for home decor projects? I need to make long straight cuts only.
how well does it sew leather ?
How many inches of material can this sew through? Leather? Wool? Fabric? Thanks!
How wide is the zig zag on this Reliable 2000u-33.
Does this come with the accessory kit like it states in all brands, like needles, bobbins,etc? Can't find it listed here.
are 69 and 92 the only thread sizes it will use?
is owners manuel included when purchasing Barracuda 2000U-33 sewing machine?
Is it Straight Stitch too?
Can this machine sew lightweight fabrics as well as heavyweight? My daughter sews stuffed animals and clothes. Thanks!
What is the highest foot lift on this machine.
Does this sewing machine sew straight seams also
What kind of paper do you need to purchase?
Are these opaque enough to work on black fabric?
Has anyone used these on 100% cotton (like a tshirt)? What happened? Will the design hold up to washing?
I want to transfer embroidery patterns onto cotton t-shirts and have the tracing wash out after sewing. Think this will work?
What colors are included?
does it cut well in a silhouette machine?
is there only one sheet of each color?
Is this paper for the small or big scrapbook?
Does it have glitter on the whole page? Or only half a page?
is this paper good to use for a scrapbook?
What colour are the backs of the sheets? Do they match the front, are they white, or are they a different colour?
How many sheets of each color do you get?
Can you use these with a laser printer?
what pound paper? I need &gt; 65 lb (like 100 lb would be good)
Does this stay puffy on a card even after being mailed?
i'm looking for something to add "non-slip" marks to my toddler's winter gloves. do you think this would do the trick?
i'm looking for something to add "non-slip" marks to my toddler's winter gloves. do you think this would do the trick?
Is there a tutorial on tho product somewhere?
Will corrugated cardboard fit in this brand of circle punch?
How many pieces of 110lb card stock paper could it cut at at time? (If you had to guess).
How deep into the sheet, from the edge, can you make the cut?
can it cut through felt?
How far in from the edge does the circle lay?
Would it cut through craft foam?
What do you mean by old package? Does the punch have a red label?
How thick can this cut?
Does it write on plastic? Will it rub off easily. I want to re-letter the letters on a computer keyboard.
Can I wash it off glass after several days?
Can it be used for temporary labeling on glass? In other words, will I be able to wash it off glass?
Will this show up well on black contact paper? Is it permanent?
How fine is the point on this pen? Does anyone know the exact measurement?
How does this pen work on paper? Is there an oily bleed to it? I'd like to use this for touching up and highlighting watercolour and marker artwork.
What size does it punch out? Isnt this standard information to provide?
What size dimensions are the actual rectangle punch area?
what is size of rectangle?
cutting size???
Will this go through a Silhouette Cameo?
Is this thick enough/firm enough that if you hold out a piece horizontally that it doesn't bend/bow/curve?
What is the measured thickness in mm and/or mils?
Would this warp if I spray painted it? Looking to use chalkboard paint to create old-school chalkboard tablets. Wondering if I need something sturdier
Could this be folded to make a greeting card out of it? I'm trying to find something that won't warp thick embellishments and glue.
Can this be cut using household scissors?
They are possible to be engargolar?
I am making family reunion books.Can I use these as back covers and bind it with a binding machine?
Has anyone used this to reinforce purse bottoms?
Is this 2 mm thick ?
Has anyone used this in a ink jet printer?
Is there glitter silver in this set?
Are these double sided?
Oh, I am a cardmaker, not a scrapbooker...Uses for this size pad??
What are some uses for this size of cardstock? If I fold it, it is much too small for a card, yet this size seems popular!
Thinking of using them for valentines for my daughter's class and she would need to wright messages on them with a fine tip sharpie. Would it smear?
What weight is the paper?
Why is the listing titled : "Bulk Buy: Lily Sugar'n Cream Yarn Twists Super Size (6-Pack)" if it is only for 1 skein? Misleading!!!
Yes, knowing the weight, category &amp; fiber content would be VERY helpful. Why is there no description?
How many yards?
Is the price of $3.97 for 6 balls of yarn?
Can I apply this product over wet paper mache
How wide are the strips?
So does that "Made in CN" mean that it's Made in Canada? They have a "Made in CH" also, Sketch----y. If you know for sure, thank you so much!
How long does it take to set? How hard is the finished product? will it be hard enough to use as mold for poly u foam?
can you paint over the material after it dries?
We were thinking of using this over foam board for my son's mission project. Never used this--do you just get it wet and apply or mold?
And 2.) Conflicting sizes as well as my possible doubts about the entire roll weighing less than 7 ounces. Actual dimens? Actual weight? Thank you!
Ive seen this on youtube videos to apply to face to make masks! Is it safe to use these to do so?
What are the dimensions of this case? What is the maximum height (length) of pencil that will fit into it?
why you do not ship to Brasil?
Can this pencil case hold pens or sharpies? Are the elastic straps wide enough to hold pens or sharpies?
I want to sell pre-popped pre packaged popcorn in the machine. Are there prices already on the machine or can you change them yourslef? Will it only hold certain size items? What are the measurements? Does it take money? Does it give change?
How do I get an adapter kit to change the factory default to raise price to $.75?
I am interested in and want to know if machines can be adapted to the currency of my country (Colombia) and as serious as shipping thanks
Does it actually come with the red lettering as shown?
Is is possible to put a medium size (1.75 oz) bag of chips on the top row?
Can we use a box like loundry soap powder?
Does it plug in or use batteries?
I have read that you need to pay money and get help in order to change the costs of items - is that true?
will this cut fabric?
I am looking for a 3" circle punch. What is the diameter of the circle on the extra large scalloped punch?
What is the size of the heart once it's cut from the Fiskars That's Amore Heart Squeeze Punch--xl?
What is the size of the heart once it's cut from the Fiskars That's Amore Heart Squeeze Punch--xl?
What are the mesurements of the cut cameo ovals in mm
What is the length of the cutout side of the square made by this punch? Thx.
Does anyone know the diameter of this punch? I have a 2" one already and am looking for a 2.5" to make layered cupcake toppers. Thanks!
can i use this one to apply a picture to fabric, transfer it onto the fabric and wash afterwards?
Can I use this on canvas? I am making a canvas sign for my daughters birthday and I want the writing to be in rainbow sprinkles on a canvas.
Any idea if this will work to glue lace to burlap without showing through?
Any thoughts if this will work for cotton fabric to sheet metal for a permanent smooth finished?
I want to use this to apply glitter to my t-shirts... Does it do well after washing? Should items be washed in cold or hot water after applying?
Are the holes large enough to fit pipe cleaners through?
what material are they made of?
Are the holes in the beads up and down which is vertical or side to side like for bracelets?
Do the beads read horizontally (as if for a bracelet) or vertically when strung?
How many pages are in one folder?
Does it hold memory box dies and how many can it hold?
How many page in the book?
Can I brush this onto fabric to make kitchen shelf liners &amp; wipe with damp sponge to clean? Do I need polycrylic spray too? Would MP Hard Coat better?
Is it non flammable also? it was recommended to me for an outdoor fireplace/bar b q. We cook in this, so I am concerned about fumes when heated.
Can it be used for plates and use them ?
"cleans up easily", but it's water resistant, right??
It is SO thick it wont paint on a smooth layer. Can it be thinned with water and then place several thin coats to waterproof the item?????
One of my garage cornor is always wet, causing the jointing drywall wet. Can this glue be applied on top of drywall and concrete to seal the water?
Waterproof and non toxic for use on bird feeder?
Would this be okay over pictures? I plan on mod podging pictures on a a skateboard bottom and want it to be very durable.
If I want to put book pages on a bathroom wall, should I be using the outdoor mod podge? Or would a different kind be better? Thanks!
Even water - is "water resistent." Is it water-proff or not?
Would this be strong enough to fix a large hole with a patch in a bounce house, the fabric type?
Has anyone used this to patch a whole in pants pocket?
Would this work to glue back the thin fuzzy fabric falling from the inside ceiling of the car?
Has anyone used this for Girl Scout patches?
Has anyone used this as a hem glue? The other product I've used on my khaki pants that is sold as a hem glue just doesn't last as long as it should.
Would it work well for gluing patches onto denim?
How is the odor? I want to buy a glue that doesn't have a strong odor as I am attaching a patch to a hat for a 2 year old.
Does it dry hard or is it pliable?
does it bond fabric (example flowers) to plastic or metal hair clips
what is the dimension of the punched scallop?
OMG! "Large" tells me nothing! Large compared to what?? Can anyone tell me the diameter punched by the scalloped squeeze punch, large?
What size punch does this make?
hi, what is the size of heart whit this reference?
How big is the heart?
How big is the heart?
Will this work on acetate? I need a good glue for acetate to paper and acetate to foam.
Can you use this glue on live flowers for wrist corsage?
Has anyone ever used the 3-in-1 to on styrofoam?
can it be used on glass projects?
Will this glue hold up in heat and humidity? I am looking to use it on some outdoor paper lanterns and it might get up to 98 degrees and humid outside
Does it remain malleable after drying, or is it very rigid? I want to know if there are any chances of it cracking after a while...
Can I use this glue for polystyrene?
Trying to make art by sticking dried red fall leaves on white cardstock and then framing it. Is this the right glue?
What stores carry it.?
how thick are they
Are they reusable?
I am new to non-wood mounted stamps. I purchased cling/clear stamps from Stampin' Up. Does anyone know if those stamps would work with these blocks?
What size is the biggest block?
How do u store them so they do not get scratched?
Would stamps mounted on these work on fabric as well? Or just on cards and other paper products?
I have not received my product and received the following information costs is Ship and Carrier Tracking ID and are charging me daily product storage
Size: What are the dimensions of these blocks?
Can I add my own image
Can I snap the covers on and off by myself or do I need a button maker machine?
Can the buttons be pinned onto clothing?
Does the package contain 12 pieces or 12 buttons (24 pieces 12 fromt and 12 back)?
what is the size of the printout/template? 2 1/2 diameter?
Do the pins come with the inserts (to decorate)? Would we have to cut them out?
Do you have a Nativity stencil for a 6 " glass block?
Hess anyone used these as a paint stencil?
do you have 36" stensils
What size are the letters?
How do you use this?
What temperature setting is used for fusing? I'm interested in something that will work at a low temperature so that organdy fabrics can be fused.
I do machine applique. Does this gum up your needles?
Is it suitable for fusing upholstery fabric together for making custom blinds? You're fusing large amounts of fabric without getting bubbles.
Can items be repositioned before final fusing like steam a seam 2?
Do you need to iron it on? Sew it on?
what is the difference between the heat and bond fusible and the heat and bond iron-on?
Will this work to iron onto patterns to help them hold up to multiple uses???
do I iron heat'n bond onto fabric, then use my die cutting machine to make various shapes and then remove backing and finally iron onto my fabric
would this work to put patches on taekwondo and girll scouts uniforms?
can i use this to repair a split in silk slacks...ie, put the edges together &amp; then close them by ironing this on them?
Can I trace around my applique pieces on one side of this ? I don;t see anyone saying anything about writing on it .
can it be used to help tack down polyester ribbon for sewing?
can i use this on a wool coat with a rather large tear (8" long)?
If I iron fabric with Magic Sizing, will HeatnBond Lite still work?
I'm wanting to make cut outs from fabric to iron onto baby onesies. How would I do that using this product?
Is this a double sided interfacing?
Can I use this to hem pants, instead of sewing, just fold up the hem and iron it?
does it have a pin in back to attach to clothing?
is there 3.65 circle paper you can buy?
Is this one bag that contains six button templates? I just want to make sure I get the correct number. Thanks!
Can you use fabric for the insert?
What size is the insert? 3 inches?
What size photos should I get printed to use in this photo button? I want to order the prints online todayT! thanks!
can a small cross stitch picture be placed inside or just paper?
Hello I need 3 packages. Any chance you have any more? I need hem tomorrow. I will pay shipping
I just want to be sure that one would not need a button press for these?
how do you open the button?
Is there one of each color, or multiples of several colors?
Is this 6 strand?
Can this floss be used with actual embroidery and other needle projects or is it best with less delicate crafts, like bracelets?
Does it come with a "tan" color?
would it be good for kid's bracelets?
Does the colors brown, light brown, or tan come in the pack?
Is this used to make letters?
What is the thickness of this cord?
could this be used to hang a heavy plate?
Does this cording fray easily? I would like to use it for a VBS craft stringing beads with small children.
country of manufacture
I make 8x8 painted concrete tiles, approx. 1/2 inch thick. I am looking for something to use to hang them. would this be OK
It looks more white in color rather than brown. Is it? I need brown...
Is this hemp cord actually organic? Or is it just natural.
Would this product be good for making macram&eacute; with gemstone beads?
Does this glue gun have a stand to stay upright?
Which setting is hot and which is cold?
Does it take the 4 inch full size glue stick or the 10 inch full size ?
What type of plastic(s) is this glue gun made of?
Is it Dual Voltage 110/220V ?
Is it Dual Voltage 110/220V ?
Is the adtech glue is crinkle free?
Can you use this in Europe?
I just purchased this glue gun. I have not been able to get it to work for the first time. Did anyone else have an issue with getting it started?
Can you use any regular glue sticks, or do you have to use the Adhesive Technologies brand?
is this product double sided like Steam-a-seam? can I adhere it to fabric, cut it out and then adhere it to something else?
can you use on purse
Hi, do you ship to Brazil? If yes, how much it will cost to 80530-230 zip code? Thanks.
Get you get Sepia ink-brown ink refills?
Can you refill the ink Cartridges?
Do these pens have a ball tip?
is the ink that it comes with waterproof?
Is the ink black and waterproof?
How does the ink get into the pen?
Why is this called a "sketch" fountain pen? I seem to be missing something.
Can you also dip into ink well?
Does it come with ink
Do you have this with small sized beeds? I have a very small wrist?
how can I adjust the mala?
Is the Mala adjustable or elastic to fit in a man wrist?
Is this item elastic?
Does this mala turn darker with time as the oil of your skin permeates the beads?
Are these actual bodhi seeds? Or are they made from any other substance (the beads)?
How big are the seeds? ... in MM?
How long is it?
What size hooks are in pack?
the reviews have it all over the board.. yarn loom? marker? cutter?? I hope this is the actual set. I REALLY want the set!!! Leap of faith I guess
How long is the "handle?" Are they as long as the regular aluminum ones by Boye? And also, is the head tapered? Thanks so much for your time.
Are these styled like Susan Bates or Boye?
How do these hooks compare with the Clover Amour? Have a Clover Soft Touch, but the numbers of hooks are wearing off. Would these be better?
How long are these Hooks? 5.5" or 5 3/4" or 6" . . .from tip of crochet hook to the end of rubber base?
What is the total length of the the hooks (handle + hook) in inches?
Do these hooks work well with a knife or shovel grip? I can't do the pencil grip but need a padded handle.
Does anyone know what the difference is between the Takumi hooks and Armour hooks (if any)?
Are sizes mark on the hooks?
How long must it bake? I need an activity for a kids' birthday party. Can it be baked and completed by the end of the party?
How many handprints could I make? I'm a teacher and want to do this with my class
What temperture is this being baked? Do I need a special toaster oven?
header into says 2.19 oz; product description: says 28 oz ; product details says 1.9 pounds. can you tell people what they are buying?
Is this sturdy enough to make jewelry? Does it break easily?
What do you use to seal this type of clay?
Can this be mixed with sculpey III clay? What is the difference between this and the little blocks of sculpey 3 clay?
How many baby hand print ornaments would I be able to make with the 1.75 pound size box?
Could I use this for a kids pottery throwing wheel?
does this clay dry like cermaic? if its dropped would it break?
How big a figurine will this mold? cu. in.?
I make papermache antique looking santas will this work for sculpting faces ect...
My friend used to mix shredded paper and we'd make small sculptures and bas-relief type pieces. Don't remember the recipe. Has anyone ever done this?
Can I use this to make a cast of a face for a latex mask?
can this be colored? I want to use it to model a patch of ground. If so, how?
I want to use this to make a life size bow and arrow, (just for show) would one 3lb bag be enough?
I am making paper mache person can this be used to sculp the face and ears over the paper?
I want to use this to make indoor only fake rocks. I have plastic molds for the rocks. Any thoughts? Also, how light is it?
How do they install?
Are they plastic? I do not want metal.
Is it a set of 8 or is it a total of 8 pieces which means you only can make a set of 4?
Can they be snapped over existing grommets....I love the curtains but hate the bronze grommet color.
personalized
I ordered this product from a different seller and the pages were not lined though it said they were. Can you guarantee that this notebook is ruled?
Can pictures be pt in it, and it still work?
are the pages refillable?
are there 192 pages that are front and back?
My curtain rods are 1.5 inches, do you have them in wider diameter? Also, are these metal or plastic?
How many would I need for a 72" valance?
the package says 8 but looks like it contains 4. how many complete rings are there?
I need a tool to set some 1-9/16" metal grommets. Where should I look?
are these grommets metal?
Are these snap on or do I need a grommet tool?
The 2" tape maker gives me 2" wide SINGLE fold and 1" wide DOUBLE fold, is that right?
Does it work with stretch fabric?
How to you make this thing feed the fabric evenly? The sides of the fabric always slide down and I get creases everywhere.
Each machine's designated size is the width of what comes out single folded? Is that correct?
I have 2-1/2" heavy starched cotton ribbon that I need to double fold to 1-1/4" wide. Can this single fold somehow be made to do a double fold? My final finished half fold will need to be 5/8" wide and I will be doing this for several hundred yards....
Does this work with long bias strips that are seamed together? What happens to the seam edges as it goes through?
Does this make single fold or double fold bias tape, the other question wasn't very clear. Thanks.
What width stripes should be cut for the 2" maker?
what size to make 1/2" doubld fold bias tape? please...
Does the 1" refer to the input width or output bias width?
If my pattern calls for 2" of wide strips for straight grain double fold binding and finishes at 1/2" wide (it states) which tape maker would work?
Simplicity Bias Tape Machine Quilt Binding Tip 7/8" do you need a machine to use this
what size would you buy if you want the finished sewn-on binding to be 1/2" per side of fabric?
What size do you cut your strips to use for the 1" tape maker? I just bought one, but I'd like to get started cutting the strips in advance.
As a Topper for Knits,Towels etc, is Solvy (lightweight) sufficient? I'm using Super Solvy (medium) now since my local store doesn't carry lightweight
I'm looking for something I could write on, and then dissolve it in water, as an illustration in a lesson. Is this transparent? Would it work?
Is it iron on?
Looking to work crewel on lightweight wool and cotton jersey- if I use this on top, would it degrade as i worked?
Does this work well with thin materials like 100% Cotton tee shirts for stabilizing during an embroider? If so, how many layers and does it go on top?
is this iron on
Is this the plastic solvy? I need plastic for the edges of scarves with rolled hems that I can tear away.
Is this a good protector to cover my purses to prevent peeling and/or sticking to other purses?
is this a mesh or smooth?
do you ship orders to the uk
Will this work on a mini 60 LB air brush compressor?
plastic or metal
I have a 3/8 hose fittings ( 1/4 to 3/8 ) can I get adapters to make this item work with mine
My mini air compressor has a 1/8" air outlet will this fit my compressor?
Can you move the gauge to the opposite side so I can rotate the "in" &amp; "out" 180 degrees?
what is the length of the tray
Are the mounting brackets available now?
Do you sell the mounting brackets for this tray seperately?
Do you think you could use this as a sewing table?
Can this unit be put on casters? It doesn't look like they come with it.
Mine didn't come with any instructions. Can they be sent to me?
Does the box have a picture of the item on it?
would you recommend this table for a college architecture student?
The piece that is on the legs that makes it go up and down was broke how do I get a replacement part?
Can you ship to the UK?
How high can you extend the table?
Could you please send me new parts? I did not receive all the parts in the box and can't assemble it properly.
Are the 3 drawers displayed included?
Can this tool be used with any type of needle, or do you specifically have to use Clover needles?
Does anyone know off hand what gauge these needles are? They sell refills as heavy/light etc....but do not give an actual gauge. Thanks in advance :)
How many needle tips does it come with?
Absolutely new to felt/felting. Do you use felting needle when working with felt sheets?
does it come with needles?
What size is the hose fitting?And are the same size on both ends?
How quiet is it? Can I work during midnight with it?
is this compressor dual voltage? if not, is it possible to have one that uses 220v?
I'm a newbie but is this all I need to airbrush or do I need to buy other extra components like nozzles and such?
Does the holding tank have a drain to remove moisture?
Does this release a lot of moisture like a standard compressor?
what is the max PSI?
this compressor use 110v
Dumb question, but does it require a wrench to assemble?
Hi everybody! I was wondering if this compressor/pressure regulator can reliably put out lower PSI's like 10-15 PSI? Most reviews mention 20+ PSI.
On the screen, I see gold-ish, which I want. In the store, the bottle looked a pink-ish, flesh tone. Which color truly describes it?
I have a carpet with a couple of cigarette burns. Will this cover it up?
bleach liquid mistakenly spell on my carpet. Now I have a noticeable bleached carpet, will this product be used on carpet to cover the bleach?
I HAD a 4 ft x 2.5 ft white bathrug that has been dyed pink due to being washed with a red blanket. Do you think this bottle would be enough to?
I have white slipcovers for a sofa and chair with pillows.. how many bottles will i need..?
I have a cotton blend garment I need to use this on. Will the dye run in the washing machine?
Anyone tried this on canvas? I have bleach spots on a canvas sling. The sling is a "dirt color" , the color of dry dirt.
I have white cotton curtains with green and pink flowers. Will this override all the colors ?
Has anyone used this on tan carpet to fix a bleach stain?
I have 6 swags to do, they are white. How many bottles will I need?
I'm trying to darken faded jeans to super dark blue but not black. Use the denim blue dye or mix Navy and Black and what proportions?
Has anyone tried dying a rug with this? Will it stain if it gets wet?
Has anyone used this dye for fabric shoes?
Has anyone used these to dye curtains? Looking at the demin blue color and wanted to know if it worked well. Thanks!
I removed 2 old faded blue jean belt loops and put them on a new pair of jeans. The old loops stick out like a sore thumb. Will denim blue help?
Which fabric stains better: Lycra or Polyester?
Can you use this for spot-dyeing, for example, just to dye the collar of a shirt?
Do I have to use a washing machine?
is the result of the dyed clothing a darker denim?
Is it safe in a washing machine?
Show do I get the feed dogs back up? I move the switch and nothing happens.
auto67,68 works.The rest does not work. Beep occurs. Why not? There is no error code.
Can it sew leather?
having problems with the stitch, top stitch is too loose, bottom stitch is loopy.
Need input on the Singer 7467 Sewing Machine: Is this a good machine?
the top stitch is too loose, the bottom stitch is loopy.
Singer Confidence 7470 or brother project run way pc 420 - what to buy? Can you please give me some suggessions.
had machine for 9 months, the timing went out using fine material had to return for repair, will this happen again. I was using the correct needle.
Singer Confidence 7470 or Brother SE 350 - new to sewing - what do I buy? Both are considered 'easy' to use for those just getting started - but which will last the test time?
Mechanism that m oves the needle up and down froze
will the extension table for 7469q fit the 7470 machine&gt;
is there an embroidery/darning foot (for free motion quilting) for this machine? I bought one online and the foot doesn't reach fabric.
problems winding bobbin: Does anyone know any tips or secret steps that you have to take?
how can you do a running stitch that looks like hand-look quilting stitch?
is this good for upholstery?
my machine has thread in the bobbin and from the top and the needle moves however the thread is not stitching in the fabric it is just making holes.
Would this product work on the side hems of off-white drapes already hanging? Didn't notice until after they were hung, which was a major undertaking.
would this glue work as a permanent bond for adhering metal logo hardware to handbags?
Can I use this to make a patio chair cover for out side?
If I put this on the back of a patch, will it dry where I can sell it to someone and they can then iron it on?
I have a lift chair that is worn on the arms and seat. I want to place a fabric over both the arms and seat. Will this work?
Does this dry clear, I want to mend one of my white shirts that ripped?
Can this be used to attach iron on patches to a denim jacket? The adhesive on the patches them selves does not work as hoped, and I need a better glue
Will this work on the part of my wheelchair backrest that has come unsewn?
i need to hem my scrub pants. would this or the hem tape work? which do you recommend?
Would this work on Fleece fabric? I am making a lap blanket and wish to braid the fringe three layers together?
Can you use Beacon Gem-Tac to glue badges to a sash (e.g. Boy/Girl Scout sashes)
Any idea if this glue will work on paintings (acrylic and/or water soluble oils) - meaning will it stick to gessoed canvas or birch painting panels?
I'm imagining this application to be quicker than pre glued hotfix stones, does anyone know first hand how the methods compare?
Will this glue work on genuine leather like a chanel lamb skin bag?
Is this glue stronger than E600? I want to use it to add rhinestones to my license plate &amp; want to know which one can last thru various weather.
I'm gluing clear gemstones to cardstock with type from my inkjet printer. Will Gem-Tac make the colors run?
How can I remove glue from an unwanted area
i want to reattach tiny flatback rhinestone to my cotton tank top. Can I use this glue? Will is hold up through washing and low heat drying?
can I use this product to glue swarovski crystals to glass?
Can gem tac glue be painted ?
does the fabric retain it's stiffened shape AFTER washing?
How do you apply this stiffener? What is the difference between this and the spray? can i attach a spray to it?
I want to fuse 2 fabrics together w/heatbond (using an iron), should I stiffen the fabric before or after I have fused (iron) ?
Can the item be washed again without losing the stiffening?
Will this help prevent fraying on fabric?
I need something to stiffen floral crepe paper and can't find it. Do you think this would work?
HOW MANY OUNCES? 8OZ OR 16 OZ
Could I use this on a hat to help hold it's shape?
Can you reuse the product? I will be pouring this in a bowl and dipping something into it so can I just pour it back into the bottle when im done?
does this stuffener dries clear ? i'm trying to restiffen a red lace skirt on a very old doll of my mom it's thirty years old.
Can I use this on a pair of old children jeans ? Want to make a planter out of them. I would then follow up with polyutherene for outside use.
can you paint over the stiff after it dry's
will the stiffened shape retain its shape after washing? this will be used to shape leaves for an art quilt that will have to be hand washed .
Can I use this to keep burlap from fraying?
Is it gluten free?
Hi, We want to order Plaid Stiffy Fabric Stiffener- 16 oz of 5 bottles, willl this sending to Hong Kong?
can you put it in a spray bottle and spray it on? Made a yarn snowman and it ismt stiff enough so I need something to stiffen it now
If using this for pumpkin carving, do I still need to purchase a saw separately? Or is there something included that I can use?
Does the cutter come in another color, pink is just not doable for me!
does it come with the five tools?
I have trouble fitting the blades into the top. I returned the item and received another one and still have the prob. Does anyone else have this prob?
Would this set work well if I cut MDF instead of linoleum?
Does this set have size 1 blade?
Are Speedball handles all the same, and all blades will fit interchangeable ?
Which score blade can be used with it can you please send me the link on this site?
It advertises a 12 inch trimmer. Can you fit and cut a 12 inch paper within the grooves or is the complete trimmer only 12 inches. Thank You. Jane
Can you cut longer pieces of paper (like a poster) or is there a barrier at the end of the board that keeps you from fitting larger sheets paper?
Which replacement blade can fit here? And how long does it usually take to change blade
Can it cut thru lamination (ID cards, etc)?
Do they make a "wavy" blade for this trimmer?
How well does it cut photo paper?
How accurate is this trimmer? With some trimmers it can be hard to figure out where the cut is :(
Can you cut mats for pictures frames with this?
Can this be used to trim 8.5 x 11 glossy photo paper?
dose it work with iwata air bursh compressor?
mine is not getting paint but is receiving water no clogs and no suction
Hola, has bent this one the compressor included???
Greetings, is this designed to allow quick color changes if you have multiple paint jars?
do you have to have an air compressor to use it
Hola, has bent this one the compressor included???
Are these water tight?
Do these bags contain PVC? Will they be okay for storing collectible coins?
Would these hold two teaspoons of powder mixture (dry homemade facial masque)?
Do these open easily? I had some small bags like this once that had tiny tabs that were hard to separate and was so frustrating trying to open.
I wanted to buy 2 sets for my son who has a science project involving beans, seeds, soil etc.. the point is do the bags really have holes ?
How thick are they? 1 mil, 2mil, 4mil, etc.
My couch is a chocolate color, but one spot is sun-faded from sitting by the window for so long. Will this fix that?
would this work on outdoor patio umbrellas?
would this product work on carpet?
I have a floral print lazy boy recliner, different shades of brown, green &amp; off-white, very ugly! would this cover that?
I want to turn my black chair chocolate. Would this work?
is this product recommended for leather chairs
would this work well on lamp shades?
i just purchased this iwata airbush but whats a good compressor to go with it???
Is this Iwata Airbrush genuine or is it a knock off? Does it have a Iwata hologram to ensure authenticity?
Could an air can be used with this airbrush?
What size needle comes with this?
I have just used basic function airbush. the needle chucking nut is shown outside and the screw in the back, what does this two do?
Does this Iwata airbrush carry a US 5 year Warranty?
what is this products shipping dimensions? wanting to ship overseas but need dimensions for price. thanks
Automotive paints and stencils?
Will a standard type of hose fit? I have a braided airline from another manufacturer,and it is a 1/4 inch screw on type of connector. Will that fit on
Is this "High Performance Plus C" a "HP-C Plus"?
mearsurements
Can you choose if the shelves are on the left or right?
What material is the table made of? And, is it sturdy enough to have a heavy home-use sewing machine?
Is the table stable when using a serger or any machine for that matter. Does it vibrate or shake when sewing?
Did you find that the predrilled holes for part #6 are not large enough? What did you do?
does the height include the casters, how high is it without them
does the height include the casters
Hi, I am looking for a lime/apple green colored organza bag.Your moss bag looks lime and your apple bag looks like moss green. Can you please clarify?
how long did these take to arrive from order date? thanks!
Hey was wondering if you carry the grass green color as well?
Not one word about it's size!!! Is it 9 feet by 11 feet; is it 2 inches by 4 inches??? Not one CLUE as to SIZE!!!!
Does this item have any metal parts? Does it come hinged?
How long does acrylic paint stay wet in the closed palette?
Does this work for watercolors?
Oil paint does just peel off. Am I doing something wrong?
I am wondering what material this is made of? Is it ceramic or plastic? Does it get scratched easily when paint is being peeled off?
what are the dimension?
Has anyone used this with oil paints? Does it clean as easily as with acrylics?
What are the "open and flat" dimensions of the board?
is it made of cardboard or some other material
can rotary cutters be used on this item
How does this compare to the cheaper wright version here on Amazon?
Can you cut fabric on it?
I have a new pair of shoes that may have wax on them. Will the dye penetrate the wax if there is any on the shoes?
Is their difference between regular black and this USMC black??? I am dying a black coat that has white pockets, belt.Has white fringe. not dying frin
Will it work on faux leather, imitation man made material boots? Thanks in advance.
Has anyone dyed a leather sofa? Does the color rub off? My leather sofa is faded and needs to be re-dyed.
What does usmc stand for? Will this work on nubuck leather and water proof leather?
What's the difference between Black and U.S.M.C. Black?
I bought a leather camera case in brown, it looks nice but I want to explore making it black. I am not familiar with the 3 step dying process. Help?
Can I use this on my car's leather steering wheel? I'm concerned it may rub off on my hands while driving the car.
How do you remove any residue from fabric?
I am looking at trying this spray for basting 4 queen size quilts. How many queen size quilt will one can baste?
I need to adhere a light, open weave scrim fabric to the back of a wool needlepoint rug. Will this spray eventually dry or does it stay tacky?
I am interesting in purchasing though it says "Usually ships within 1 to 2 months". How long does it take to get this item?
Do you think this would be sturdy enough to use on a bed pad for incontinence to hold it down?
I want to use this to baste a minky backing to a non washable silk and lace crazy quilt top. Would there be a problem if the 505 we're not washed out
Will basting spray work with 100% polyester batting?
I have used the sticky stabilizer for embroidery and it gums up the needle and makes the thread break. Have there been any problems with this spray ?
Do you have to use this 505 spray in a well vetilated area? How protected should surroundings be?
Is there an ingredients list? I want to know what is inside the can!
Are they easy to attach to steel #1 curved and straigh pins?
Do these work on #1-size safety pins?
Do these covers work with the curved pins?
How many covers in pack?
Will this epoxy float in water once cured? Or is there any additive avalible to make it do so?
Can you paint with acrylics once the resin is cured?
For penny top table and want to enclose it in resin. I would like about 1/8" thickness above the pennies. Surface is 24"x36." How much do I need?
Can this be used to attach glass cabochons to pendant trays? Can this be used to set glass jewelry?
Can this be sanded down and remanded back up to a clear gloss finish?
I measured 1x1, warmed bottles in water. room 77, it will not set up. box looked old when I got it, does it have a shelf life? what did I do wrong?
Any tricks to harden tacky resin after it has been installed (occasional user error) or do I need to remove it and start over. Thx.
can you add a color to this? and what would you use?
I want to cast replacement chair glides for out door use on stone decking. Can the epoxy stand heat, sunlight, and abrasion?
Do you need to wear a mask to cast this epoxy? If so, any recommendations?
HOW MANY OF EACH LETTER ARE IN A PACK?
Are these the soft felt letters?
which side should I put on the tshirt to iron on? is it the velvet side or the bumpy side? please elaborate.
how many of each letter?
The title of the product on Amazon says "scent free" but the picture shows a citrus scent. Has anyone bought this product from Amazon? Scent free?
The picture of the product shows a pump..the two bottles I ordered and received have NO pump. How do I get the stuff squirted on my fabric???
My recent order did not come with the spray nozzle. Is is supposed to? I just have a bottle with a cap.
We need something to stiffen the "vertical pull down accordion paper blinds" on our RV windows. Anyone care to make a guess as to its capability ?
Is the scent free version clear, or is coloring added as in the picture? I'd rather not spray any dyes on my clothes.
Will this product make the fabric stiff...Tired of having to use so much starch that the material is sticky and full of white flakes.
Has anyone tried to make a small mechanical part out of this? I'm interested in the wear characteristics and strength.
Is the 1/2 oz Catalyst enough for the entire 32 oz container?
I'm curious what kind of area this container will cover. I'm hoping to make a coffee table about 3x5 feet, 1.5 in deep of th. How much would I need?
Can you paint this after it is cured?
Is it possible to use 2 oz at a time? I want to be able to make a craft, close it back up and use it again later.
I want to make a crystal hand of an adult relative. Would this work for it and how much would I need? Thank you for your help.
Does the resin heat up as it hardens? I'm looking to cast live flowers in this and don't want to cook them.
Can this product be turned on a lathe and polished?
I want to evenly coat a metal painted 1/4" diameter rod. will this dry evenly?
I want to fill the gaps (1/16 - 1/4") between boards in a wooden floor. I want a pot life of at least 1/2 hour, and a viscosity of honey. Suggestions?
hi i need to no how many wreaths do i get befor i buy it i bulk
how many wreaths are in bulk
How Many Is inculded?
There seems to be a lot of confusion regarding how many wreaths this listing is for. How many will I recieve?
hi i need to no how many wreaths do i get befor i buy it i bulk
can this be used on fabric
Can these paints be used on outdoor projects?
can these be used outdoors
Do you think that this will be great on stretched canvas?
How does it work on already painted old furniture, does it cover well in one coat?
Is it a matte or gloss finish?
Can this be used on the edges of my jute rug?
does it hold up outside
is this paint the same black as the smaller 2 oz 20504 black?
Does the slider work as well on a machine that sits on top of a table instead of dropped in and level?
Has anyone used the supreme slider with the Bernina Stitch Regulator? If so, how well did it work?
As you use the slider and keep taking it on and off, does it lose its stickiness?
Does this supreme slider have the pink underside on it?
Do you have to be able to drop the feed dogs for this to work? I have an older machine that won't drop the feed dogs.
What are the dimensions of this quilting mat, and do they come in different sizes?
I have a 5444 model what needle do i buy?
Will these fit a Michley LSS-505 Lil Sew&amp;Sew mini machine? I am buying one for my first sewing machine, I know I will be mending my husbands jeans.
I am needing a needle with eye large enough to use pearl cotton 5
do singer denim needles work with janome sewing machines
How do these 100/16 needles compare to the heavy duty 110/18 needles?
This needles work with Brother LS2125i? it for denim patches and fixes....
Does the glitter/embossing powder stay on the cards (doesn't wipe off) using this ink pad? I'm having bad luck with a "ColorBox" pigment ink pad.
Re-inker to use with Tsukineko Full-Size Emboss Inkpad,clear
Please pack in smallest bubble mailer / box possible. thanks,
what's the difference between crystal 20"s &amp; AB 20's
What would shipping be if I ordered all of the 19 gross you have left?
I have a hotfix tool and I want to fix these crystals onto clothing. Are these flatback crystals pre-glued so that I can hotfix them?
Are there any Swarovski flat back rhinestones that are clear or colored with no glue and no copper? Clear all the way through?
Can you use these with the bejewler pro?
How many bags would i have to buy to rhinestone a bustier/corset ?
If I order 10 gross what would shipping be?
can i use a hotglue gun to glue these onto fabric?
I am looking for size 5mm. What size would that be for ss?
How would you compare this machine to the silhouette cameo?
is this product come in a box, with the basic accessories that the pazzle web page says?
Does anyone know or have experience using this machine to make and cut jigsaw puzzles?
can it cut adhesive foam
chipboard
paper weight: I am wondering how heavy a paper can the Pazzle cut?
It wanted to know if on having bought this machine it includes the tools to cut, embosar, to drill, to age. Or must I buy it apart?
Will this cut acrylic approximately 1-2mm thick?
can I use cricut blades on the pazzle
does this machine cuts felt? I do a lot of flannelboard activities and need a machine that will cut felt. I already have a silhouette cameo ;)
What is the length of each sleeve? Are they sold separately or in pairs?
Dimensions say "1.5 x 6.2 x 7.8" Does that mean its just 7.8" long? Really like to use it on a 90" quilt. Will I need 4 or more?
i have a quilt that i want to hang that does not have a sleeve on the back. will this product do the trick? i do not want to sew into the quilt.
Is this item easy to use?
is this ball hollow?
How many do you get?
How many balls are in this package?
is this the price each or do they come in a package. I need 300.
Is it 1single ball for the advertised $6.71?
mix
How long does the paint take ry? Is this product suitable for craft projects to be made in one hour or less?
are the colors lasting (lightfast)?
list of colors in the 10 ml pack???
Do these watercolors work well on canvases? Please reply soon!
I need to know the actual pigments to use these, ie PW4 is chinese white. Obviously they are student grade but artists need to know this to use them.
do the eyelets have the same finished look on both sides?
will it cut through 5 pieces of cardstock? Im looking for a tool where I can make 1/8 inch holes for my gift tags without indiv. punching each one
can this item replace snaps on mens pants
can it be used as a rivit tool as well?
difference between big bite and regular crop-a-dile and if had to choose, which one
Does this tool leave an indentation around the hole that it punches, or is it a 'clean' hole?Thanks!
Hi. What grommet sizes can I install with this Crop a dile?
Can you use it with 5/32" eyelets?
I lost the English directions. How can I get the directions sent to me?
I seen a video where they were punching through cans, has anyone tried this and how good of a job does it do?
Would this sealant work to keep organza from fraying?
Is Fray Check like a glue that solidifies, or can I use a bit, come back in 6 or 12 months and use again? Do the contents become unusable over time?
Is this the same as using super glue?
what are the ingredients?
Can this be used to repair a very tiny hole in a 100% wool sweater so that it will not get bigger?
Would this work on ribbon to keep the ends from fraying?
Can this be re-purposed for screw threads, like a metal screw that is too loose and comes out easily? What happens if used for that purpose?
Does this work well on chiffon without making the edge hard or darker?
Has anyone used it to seal the weft on their weave?
How wide (not long) is the tape measure?
Is there a belt clip?
I'm buying this for my boyfriend - is there a way I can request NOT to get the pink color?
Is there a way to attach it to a key ring?
Can you use this as a permanent crease on wool suit pants?
does it dry hard stiff or crunchy?
what is this product like when it is dry? Hard? I want to glue on doll hair.
Can it be used on leather?
Can you use this to apply patches to a nylon jacket? Patches like insignia for an organization for example a security officer.
After it dries, can I still stitch through it? I bought it to use on my hem lines but would like to still see my stitches....
How think (approx is fine) is the actual stick sheet with both the lining peeled off? thanks
I'm looking for something that I can use to adhere fabric handprints onto a canvas, would this work
Is this suitable for making photobooks?
is this suitable for face mounting a photo to plexiglass? Is it optically clear?
Is it clear paper??
What color is the adhesive? Is it clear??
Would this work well as a project mat? (i.e.- to hold screws, metal components, etc.)
I bought 2 of this last month in Amazon: one for me and one for my granddaughter. We have a doubt: how we can clean the glue from the mat, please!
Can this mat be rolled up for storage?
will this work with fabric?
Is the whole mat magnetic?
How many eyelets come in an order (1 bag)?
this will be my thrid time trying to get the right size (not from you), the size 3/16 is that the diameter of the hole or the outside diameter?
Does the Tandy Leathercraft eyelets come with a back piece or washer? Or is it just a one piece eyelet?
Is this fabric machine washable? Thank you
does it come with a hole for an umberella
I need 5 yards, but do not want it cut in 1 yd lengths. If I buy 5 yards will it come in an uncut 5 yard length?
sunbrella Para-TEMPOTEST, awning fabric?
How many yards do I need to cover 8 seat cushions 23.5wx22.7lx5? I would want the stripes to go in the same direction on each chair.
How many yards do I need for a table 34/54 ??
Can you use the material for an outdoor swing? The material on ours ripped and we need to redo it.
Is the fabric flexible? Can I make some outwear with it?
can I use this for outdoor chaise lounge?
How many yards for the price shown on amazon at $21.95?
I am a hairstylist and I wanted to know if this would work on my shears 5.5"-6" long?
I want to know if this item works for manicure scissors.
How does performance of Fiskars desktop sharpener compare to smaller SewSharp model?
My sharpener came apart, and there are 2 rollers and 2 pins. Not sure where the pins go. Any suggestions?
I need a scissor sharpener for small scissors such as cuticle. Ant there any out there that you can recommend?
Will this work on other brand of scissors? I don't seem to own any Fiskars scissors. Thanks, Tom
will this work with Fiskars 8" titanium easy action scissors?
made in China or USA ?
Can you turn the top over for a blank surface? Or is the only choice the landscape scene?
Are the tracks compatible with die cast chuggington trains?
Does it come with the moveable crane and if not how do I buy it?
How many trains come with this set?
I have everything set up and none of the cars will fit UNDER the road that goes up and toward the construction site. anyone know why?
does it come with the train itself or is that sold seperately
what brand trains would work with this table?
Do these tracks fit to die cast thomas trains?
what is the recommended method to attach the tracks to the table to prevent it moving out of position?
Can you turn the table top mat part upside down to make simpler/diff configuration for trains/other car toys?
What height does the table stand at? I want to be able to stand and work!!
Would this sit on top fo a desk to be used as a stand up desk? It lays flat or tilts up? Could I sit my lap top on it? how high off the top of a desk
what is the clearance between the inside of the tube frame for a reliner to open in between?
What is the actual width of this piece? Product dimensions appear to be for the shipping size, not actual size.
What is the table top surface made of? Is the surface laminate? Is it easily cleaned if you need to wipe off markers or paint? Thanks.
If i tilt the table and wanted to read or write, will my stuff stay there or will it slide down?
I do leather work in addition to drawing, clay work... will this table be sturdy enough to remain still while cutting leather?
It says the tilt "adjusts...from 0 to 30". Is this 0 inches to 30 inches, or 0 degrees to a 30-degree tilt?
Is it difficult to assemble?
water color
is this height adjustable? if so, can one person easily do it?
Does the table top adjust down?
Is this table real wood or wood veneer?
What is the size of the drawing table top?
can you work standing at this table?
Did anyone else have problems after washing product?
Looking for an option to put scout badges on a felt vest. Can this be used on felt? (Badge Magic's instructions say not to.)
I attached fabric to one side and cut out my desired item, however, the scissors became impossible to use. What kind of scissors do you recommend?
Could this be used to attach an applique like patch to a pillow?
Could this be used to adhere a laminated photo to a canvas bag?
Could this be used to adhere a laminated photo to a canvas bag?
I plan to use these for scout badges. Are the badges/adhesive removable once they have been washed? (I want to save the shirt for another child.)
How to find a replacement DC 9v650mA power supply?
Can you sew like a rolled hem or make the stitch very narrow?
whats the difference between an overlock and this one?
Does this machine cut the edge of the seams?
were I can buy part of the tiny serger? overedging machine
Can you make actual words, or do you die cut the entire alphabet?
Can this die be used with Cuddlebug?
what is the font name ?
What size is the cut out letter? and can i used it for big shot machine to cut felt ?
how big are the letters?
hi, please return the product in Italy?
Can this product cut felt or fabric ?
big shot vs big kick
can't decide on this Big Shot or the Cuttlebug V2...seems like it comes down to portability vs sturdyness
I think I have decided on the Big Shot over the Cuddle Bug but would you go with the standard or the extended platform.
Big Shot for fabric? There is a post that says the Big Shot does not cut fabric, is this true?
Will it put impressions into metal?
On line...Are the die-cuts reasonabily priced and are there a lot available?
On line...Are the die-cuts reasonabily priced and are there a lot available?
How many sheets of fabric or paper can be run through it?
Will this cut aluminum soda cans?
what size does it cut?
how big are the letters?
What is the size of the letters? Are these the same dies that were sold by Stampin Up?
Does the Serif Essentials alpha dies set contain BOTH upper AND lower case letters?
Can it be used on a cuttlebug?
Will they work on a Go! Baby?
good day! I wonder if you guys send the product to Brazil? and what is the freight?
good night! First I would like to know if the product is cutting knives or are only alphabets? if knives which materials they cut (feutro, eva, cork,
Is it letters &amp; Numbers or just letters?????
what size are the letters
Since there is more than 1 letter on each block, do you have to cut all the letters or can you cut individual letters?
is this permanent?
Are they acrylic paint or what?
Will the light colors like the pink and yellow show up great on black, or will the black blead through?
would THESE markers work well on leather ?
Can these be used on car windows and body?
The description says 6 cm thickness; should it say 6 mm? I would like to know how thick the nib/tip is
do these work on fabric, and then can item be washed and have paint remain permanent?
will these work on a mirror?
Is there any varnish that is safe to use over them? I tried to varnish a picture I did and the color bled even those it was completely dry.
Can these nibs be washed in soap and water and reused or are they one-time use?
pros and cons to buying a brother sewing/embroidering machine: I have a standard simple machine right now and I use it to quilt and make clothes ( and simple projects) I wonder about : 1. repairs - how difficult and expensive is it to repair?
How do you embroider full words instead of initials?
bobbin thread for embroidering: Does anyone know a way to figure out what to do when in the middle of embroidering the bobbin thread runs out?
Does this have a usb port?
HELP!!! I lost the instructional CD that came with the sewing machine. Does anyone still have one that I can make a copy of????
#bb370 what do u think about this model?
Can I make letters taller than 2 inches?
Embroidery foot installation: Does anyone have advice on how to do it?
Does this machine come with Bonus Alphabet Embroidery Card, a $100 value: I was wondering if this machine on amazon.com has the same card with it?
bobbin shaft shifted/machine jammed: I asked the repairman why this happened, he said he didnt know, might have been thread tangle pull it out of position?
Hi, the title says it&acute;s a 15 piece set, but the image shows an 8 piece box set. Is it 15 or 8? thanks...
In how long I wll get this product to NY?
whats the shortest time i can get this shipped to North Carolina? can it be before Halloween? October 31
How long would it take until I get it in CA please?
What can I paint with the paint In this air compressor?
how big is the air compressor? sizewize??
What is the psi for the compressor?
hello i need know the weight total
Can ya airbrush on shirts with the paint in this kit?
Will the create paint in this kit work for fingernail airbrushing.
I'm confused abt the individiual INSIDE compartment dimensions(not the outside dimensions)-2 different sizes were given by customers. Thanks!
What about for electronics such as small resistors? I can't zoom in on the picture, but there appears to be a gap at the bottom of each compartment.
will this hold the loom and the bands?
Are the compartment dividers removable to create larger compartments?
For Perler beads, how many fit in each compartment? Would it hold 1000 each, or less?
If this container was used to store paint (a different color for each section), would the container keep the paint viable when closed?
will this hold dew drop inkpads
I'm confused-are you talking about the same container here? Seeing 2 different compartment dimensions-which is it?
Is the lids removable or is it attached? Thanks
I know this ounds weird, but would one compartment be able to fit 5 quarters? Thanks for your help.
Are the stickers just the black letter or is where the letter is enclosed (like the triangle in the A) white?
What size are the letters... I'm looking for a 1/4 inch letter...
How tall are the Uppercase and Lowercase? Thanks.
the add line says shimmering, yet the photo looks like a flat finish. which one holds true?
Has anyone used these stickers in a outdoor application?
Would these stickers work for outdoor applications?
Just want to clarify before making a purchase...the price of $4.06 is for one sheet of capitals and one of lowercase?
Would these stick on glass?
How wide are these? I need some letters that will fit on tabs that are about 1" high and 1/2" wide.
are these 1 inch tall?
How does this product do, with sculpey clay? Would it make a clay object shine brightly in the light?
Does Diamond Glaze yellow over time?
Is this product self-leveling? If I make a "dot" with this, will it dry as a "dot" or will it level out flat?
Can this be used in place of using resin cast? Like if I put it in a mold, will it harden like resin epoxy will?
How long before it dries and no fingerprints will show if you handle the piece
can you use this product to seal a jar that has been adorned with rhinestones? Or will this product strip the luster off the rhinestones?
If I use it on top of an image printed with inked printer, will it bleed? Or do I need a sealant first?
Can I use this product to glue crystal?
1) Could I use this on a stamped image of glass lenses? 2) Over a Copic Sketch Marker color on an image. Thank you.
can this be painted over? like with watercolors or glass stains? I'm trying to get transparent effect/nice wash of color.
What material are the needles made of? Metal, Bamboo? plastic??
I understand the lengths available but what about the sizes of the needles?
What sizes do the cords come in, the description says 5" to 19" but those seemed a little short to me?
Just getting started with circular knitting. Finding the cords stiff in the sets that I have, requiring a constant battle. How are these cords?
what are the cord lengths in this set ?
how do you undo the connectors?
How flexible are the cords?
How pointy are the tips?
Can this set work with the Denise Crochet set? I'm wanting to try knooking but don't like the string.
what length are the interchaneable circular needles? it says the kit includes straights, what size are and how many of the needles are straights?
can this be used to make a bow out of it? is it flexible enough?
What is the adhesive backing made from on this ribbon?
What is the adhesive backing made from?
Is the bottom of this particular page protector sealed OR open? I'm looking for ones sealed at the bottom so contents WILL NOT slip out.
top loading?
how many come for this price?
Is this 10 separate sheets? Or 5 separate sheets, allowing 10 pages if you double-side?
I'm looking for pages to put 8x10 photos in so will these work? And are the sheets enclosed at the bottom to keep photos from sliding out?
Do these refill pages fit a Recollections brand post-bound scrapbook?
I need to know where the holes are at to fit my scrapebook? I can't find them with the holes in the right place.
does this come with post bound spacers?
Will the diecuts cause imprints in these when used?
What size are these cutting pads?
do these cutting pads work with Vagabond?
I'm kind of new at this, so excuse my ignorance...Can these cutting pads be used with sizzix texture boutique?
Hello, can you tell me if this cutting pads have every end of every side straight? cuz mines have a little diagonal on each end. Thanks.
Are these sticky? I want one for a purpose other than embossing...I am basically looking for a flexible clear mat &amp; wondering if this will work. Thank
Do these cutting pads work in a Cuttlebug?
Will these work with the old Accucut Zip'eMate die cutting machines?
What is the difference between these cutting pads and cutting pads extended .
can you flatten bottle caps using these pads?
Does this kit come with the impressions pad and the silicone pad?
how do you color it to get it two toned?
I want to use these on the front of a card, will the double side leave an impression on the other side of the card?
how much area does a 10 oz bottle cover?
will this work on Pyrex? I know the description said it won't but I am wondering if anyone has tried it. thanks in advance
What could I use to print on to create my own stencil that will stick strong enough to glass to avoid bleed but can be removed easily after etching?
I want to etch a 3 inch edge around a bathroom mirror. Will it run if I apply the cream while the mirror is on the wall?
I have little bits of a hard substance in my cream? Is this normal and will it effect how it etches?
What do you use for masking glass that you don't want etched?
I have little bits of a hard substance in my cream. Is this normal? Do they effect the way the cream etches?
Can I use this to cover a previously etched/engraved champagne flute?
I've seen this done on wine bottles before; can it be done on champagne bottles? (IE: is the glass thick enough not to make the bottle burst)
can you etch on black glass? and if so if i were to put LEDs on the side of the black glass will the etching pop?
Hi, I'm not sure how many centimeters have this fabric, could you tell me please?
Would this fabric be suitable for a ladies long-sleeved blouse?
Why is this called 'Sludge?' Is it the color?
Is this a lightweight fabric, I am planning on making a summer nursing cover and want something that won't trap much of the Floida heat in with baby.
Is this $9.20 for an 8" square of fabric? How big is this piece?
does it thread automatily
Can you buy additional special feet for this machine. What kind of special feet?. And how expensive?
This model? What does this serger do that the 644D, which costs $100 less doesn't?
What is the best brand of thread to use with this machine?
where is the juki mo654de manufactured?
does anyone know why it would jam up with no thread in it. wheel will not turn
What is the serger made of? I would prefer a good sturdy metal base rather than plastic.
Does this come with a warranty?
can you do sheer fabric on this machine?
Does it have a built in thread cutter?
Hi! Do you have for Juki 3-thread overlock machine foot controle pedal w/cord model4C-335B?
Why does it say 1 needle... does it not sew with 2 needles? Also, Does it work on heavier fabric?
Looking for a belt for Juki MO-103N - Part # A7108-001-000. Do you know where I might find it?
is pearl stitch an option with this machine?
Does the Juki MO-623 do cover stitch?
right now I have just a regular sewing machine why is it that I would use a serger and what is the difference with an overlock machine and a serger ?
Can I use this for denim?
Can this machine use ordinary household machine needles, or do I need something specific?
how many feet does this serger come with?
is this machine a self threader
where can we get the 6 pack of feet for the Juki 734DE. please.
is there a juki machine that serges and overlocks
what is the difference between a serger and an overlock machine
Can the 734de be used as well with sewing as it can be used with quilting? Thanks
Can you include the optional feet that are available with this machine? I believe there are 8? thank you
Does this machine have a free arm?
Does it do a coverstitch?
how easy is it to thread the lower looper?
Bobbin size for Juki HZL 35HZ: What bobbin do you need for this machine???
I need to know the weight of this machine if anyone can help.
Did anyone use this machine for quilting?
how do you reverse direction--is it a push button?
how do you reverse direction--is it a push button?
Will this handle marine vinyl?
I'd like to make some cushion covers - two to four layers of heavy fabric. With a good needle, will this machine do the job?
Will this machine sew through leather?
So what is the total warranty of this product? Amazon and Juki?
Can I use this machine with Australian 240 voltage?
What is the max PSI on this compressor?
I'm looking for a compressor to use with the Paasche Air Eraser (ie mini sandblaster), would this be a good choice? Just looking to etch some glass (gifts &amp; for myself, nothing major)
I have an Iwata airbrush, would I need an adapter to connect to the hose that comes withe the compressor?
My girlfriend does spray paint art and I'm wondering if this has a simular feel?
Can you attach a copic airbrush to this? I believe it uses a standard ring adapter.
what is the max PSI on this unit ?
Will this work with a Paasche single action airbrush (with or without an adapter)?
how loud is the compressor
the voltage is 110v or 110v ~ 220v?
Whats the messures of the box of this product (shiping weight with messures). Thank you.
using this burlap for bulletin boards...can someone help me figure how much I need for 224 sq. feet?
Has anybody tried to glue burlap to the wall? Any ideas about what to do to make edges unnoticeable?
&iquest;I cant use for a blazer or dress?
Is this flammable
Wat is burlap made of ?
Has anyone tried printing on this particular burlap? (Thank you)
using this burlap for bulletin boards...can someone help me figure how much I need for 224 sq. feet?
Has anybody tried to glue burlap to the wall? Any ideas about what to do to make edges unnoticeable?
&iquest;I cant use for a blazer or dress?
Is this flammable
Wat is burlap made of ?
Has anyone tried printing on this particular burlap? (Thank you)
Does it have finger guards?
Will I need a step-down converter for South Africa?
Does it come with everything shown on the picture?
Does it come with a stand?
will this iron work on australian power outlets
I am looking for a hot iron to melt the hot fix crystals on my fabric art without scorching the lighter fabrics. Will this mini iron work?
Is the electricity supply Australia friendly
what is the temperature range in C?
what is the temperature range in F
What calibre is it? 6mm?
is this paper double-sided?
Are the designs on the packaging the actual designs on the paper shipped?
is this paper good for origami
Does it include instructions
Why can't you ship to Australie
what is the voltage of this product. in my countru we need 220 , can this airbrush work where i am ?
Do you have to use the Kroma Kolors, or can you use other brands of spray color?
how can i get the airbrush to this model of compressor; i'm only seeing for A2000
What's the model number? Example: C3500R
What is the voltage for this compressor? 120v-???
Is this air compressor a JOKE?? It shuts off after 5 minutes.
Do I need to dillute my createx paint when using the iwata eclipse hp-cs If I do need to what would be the ratio. In also using this on a canvas
What type of paint is provided? Acrylic?
Does the compressor seem to overheat. I have read other posts on Masters and they say it overheats
what are the type of each knife in other words is there a carving knife a detail knife a cutting knife a large roughray?
how much for shipping?
Where are these made? Would those in the know be so kind as to post the country of origin.
what type knifes are they
what are the sizes of the blades?
Can this paint be used for a temporary window decoration, and completely wash off weeks later?
can you paint on plastic oraments?
can I paint it right on to the window?
I want to paint some small windows that get a lot of sunlight and heat in the day. Will the paint hold up with the heat?
Can it be used on a drinking glas
Can this paint be used on drinking glasses?
how large are the individual paint pots?
Can you use to paint patio globe lights?
Can this kit be used on containers that candles will be poured in? Do I have to bake the containers after the paints are applied?
Is this chain nickel and lead free? The little description thats on the page doesn't say like some of the craft chain suppliers do.
what is the mm diameter of the 'balls' in the chain?
Is it OK to connect this #6 size to a #3 size? I'm not sure what size my lights have on them now.
does it come with any of the connector/ loop closer pieces?
is each block 2 ounces?
is each block 2 ounce
is each block 1 ounce?
where was it made? in China or here at home?
it states Non Toxic.....is this true? all other oven baked clay states toxic and not to bake in evry day oven or need to thourly clen if used in oven for food.....is this truly non toxix?
how do you refill ink
How do I start the ink flow?
What kind of ink cartridges does it take (model) and where can I find them?
Is the brush tip synthetic or some kind of animal based fiber like sable, bristle, etc?
Does the ink dry quickly after it's laid on the paper? Other brush pens seem to stay wet and smudge. Also is the ink archival by chance? Waterproof?
Does anyone know of a comparable quality pen with a thinner point?
It says it's washable but does it fade. I'm making quilts 4 my grandkids. I know the quilts will be washed normally &amp; wonder if the pictures will fade
Would this work to applique on a quilt?
I have read some acticles that recommend using a certain ink jet printer (brand) and archival ink, but can I use any type?
paper won't come cleanly off fabric how do i remove it?
how do i resize the photo?
How many sheets in a package?
What is the thickness of these bags? mm size?
Are these heat sealable?
Would this hold a large decorated sugar cookie?
Would these work for popsicles?
does this bag have a gusset on the side?
Are these bags suitable for homemade Popsicles?
Can these be used in a laser printer?
Is this the plastic that you would use say to make pop up box greeting cards[Explosion Cards]? It make things stand up in the cards when opened?
Are these waterproof? Also can you get a clean fold and/or score them?
Could you use this for the transparent window on ID card holders?
Will this thickness work on bills for cap/hat?
Is it possible to cut small circles out of this plastic with scissors, or is it too thick for that?
Can I make a display box out of this and it holds?
can I use this to store my clear stamps because I tossed away their packaging?
Can this sheets easily bend? And can I cut it with xacto knife?
Can I use this to make my own Silhouette mats?
Is this yarn small like the fingering yarn we use to buy for baby items?
does this have any splits or loose strands anywhere in the yarn?
how many ounces
Is this a 3 ply yarn or a sport weight?
couple of questions... 1) assuming the ethernet connection also givesinternet access, can i access the recorder from anywhere?
does this really work with Quick Books? and if so how is your experience. thanks
Does this clock need to be connected to a computer all the time to function or just when exporting data? Does export data to excel?
does this unit come with the "kit" or software to install in my PC?
This machine come with the card or I have to buy separetly the cards? Thanks
how far can the clock be from the PC and dose software give total forthe pay period per employee
Some of the reviews make it seem as though you must input employee schedules before they can clock in and out is that true?
How to calculate paid time off earned?? Pyramid said it doesn't do it. Seriously?!?! How do you guys work around this??
How would this work if the Admin is in HI but the employees/time clock is in CA? Does it just go over the internet?
Is it compatible with Windows 8?
will this product work on wool for rug hooking ?
Can this cut chipboard?
Can you use this to cut 1/4 " strips for rug hooking?
how wide of strips can you cut ?
Does this cutter work well for thicker fabrics like felt?
Does it cut fleece 3/4"withe x 6' foot lenths?
I'm going to a class and it was suggested I take a Cut and Press Portable Station. Can I pin to the pressing side of the Omnigrid?
Can this also be used a blocking mat?
Could this be opened and then folded back on itself, so that the cutting mat is exposed and it's STILL only 12x18 table space?
Is this a self healing rotary mat? Also, are the dimensions stated (12x18") when folded or open?
Is the cover for the ironing side replaceable? For example, if it got scorched or spilled on, could I change the cover?
How thick is the padding on the ironing side of it?
Does the ironing side protect the table/surface it's resting on from steam/moisture? Also, can you get crisp seams?
does it include a ruler or only mat?
Will blade work better once you to turn it over? What sharpener works to the best?
How do you get them out of the package without cutting yourself?
is this an olfa product and wil it be shipped or an replacement product? i only use olfa.
Do blades have a right and wrong side ?
How many blades in the pack
I have a Rotary Cutter. Have had for a number of years. Blade seems to be not sharp. Don't know what size blade to order.
how many blade are at the package?
Can these blades work with other 45mm cutter? (e.g. Fiskars)
If the blades are stuck together with oil, how do I separate them? I tried inserting a pin along the outer edge and that was a mistake.
Do they fit the Truecut cutter?
Can mistakes be corrected?
Would these work to decorate wooden blocks at a baby shower? Do the colors run?
If used on glass, would these be dishwasher-safe?
What colors come in the pkg? I'm slightly color blind &amp; cannot make out the color choices. Thanks.
Is this good for friendship bracelets?
Do these have a shiny or flat sheen to them?
Is red # 326 included?
I need this for bracelets I sell, However, I can only use regular thread. My question is, is this the twisty kind, or straight, regular? Thanks!
What is the country of origin of this floss?
some people say it fades after an hour is it true?
Is this 6 ply?
Is this the real Iris floss? I got this, I LOVE it! The individual skein sleeves look different than my other Iris, so do the #s &amp; colors match?
is this food safe? can this be used for cake decorating?
how thick is this mat?
In addition to using with an exacto knife I would like to use it as a general craft table protector. Would glue wipe off of it easily?
Would this be useable for a cutting machine?
Is this paint non toxic?
could these be used in an airbrush?
I am looking for very smooth and very opaque. One coat, no brush strokes. Can I achieve that with this paint?
Can this be used to paint on your body? I'd like to use it to paint on my body and then lay down on a canvas to print my body.
I need a device to hem jeans and men's pants, as I always have to pay $8-12 per pair each time I get new ones. Is this a permanent solution"
can you use this for buttons
Can you repair jeans with this product? Will the stitches hold up?
Is it a good tool for basting quilts?
Is this good for attaching extra buttons to somewhere inside clothing? (e.g. information tag or inside seam?)
Can you buy extra tacks for the gun?
will it work if you want to shorten shirts that you want to wear outside instead of inside of pants?
Would like to use this on heavy-weight fabric for an outdoor rocking chair. Thoughts?
Can I use this to "sew" labels in clothing?
Can I use this to replace dress shirt buttons?
Can I wind thread from a cone on this machine?
Will it work with a "M" bobbin for a Voyager Long arm quilter?
Will this work on the Pfaff Creative 3.0 embroidery/sewing machine bobbins?
Does it work on Singer Featherweight bobbins
does it work
Will this work with elastic thread? Is the tension adjustable?
Has anyone had this long enough to know if it is a quality product that will work and last awhile?
What is the screw driver used for?
Do you have one with an Australian plug?
What temperatures are available?
How long is the cord?
What's the difference between the mini iron 2 "the adapter" and the mini iron?
Does anyone know if it's dual voltage by any chance?
What is the wattage used?
i need something like this to transfer patterns to wood. I don't know if it gets hot enough though. does anyone know?
Just beginning quilting &amp; would appreciate recommendations of preference for Rowenta Travel DA1560 vs Clover mini iron II. THX!
Does not appear to have proper hose attachment to the regulator. Will not connect.
Is this compressor one of those that shuts off when you are not spraying? (I think that would be a good thing)
Could I use this to spray 2' x 4' areas, or would another product be better for that? Just want to get an idea for what kind of spray area it has.
Could this be used to spray touch up metallic paint for a car? I imagine the clear coat would not be a problem.
I just got this today and can't get more the 10 psi pressure. Is it a dud or is there something I am doing wrong. There are no instructions.
i need an internal mix/ gravity fed single action airbrush is this it ?
Does this require a separate tank ?
Is this compressor made by Paasche?
Would the PAASCHIE be usable for special effect makeup purposes?
Gift for husband. I have no clue what all I need. Is this everything for someone who does shirts, license plates, and canvas for a hobby?
where is this shipping from?
Can the scroll withstand the force when I draw with pencil first? It's so that I can paint over it afterwards to make sure there's no mistake.
Can I use magic makers without inks running
is it 11 feet and 1/2 inches or 11 1/2 inches?
Is it good for projects? Sorry I'm doing a school project and i need a scroll for it. Is this the right choice of scroll and is it durable enough?
got my scroll - perfect! does it matter what type of pen you use (i.e., would a Sharpie-type or gel pen work as well as regular stick pen)?
can it be rolled up?
Is the 1/4" end NPT or BSP?
I'm running 16each Iwata Eclipse brushes. But need shorter hoses. Will this fit on those brushes? (The fitting-end, pictured, looks sorta' small.)
Is the 1/4 end npt? will the 1/8 end hook to the airbrush and the 1/4 end accept a fitting for a "shop" type air compressor.
Will this hose connect my TC 20 compressor to a Iwata eclipse HP CS air brush?
Will hose work to connect a iwata airbrush to a master compressor TC20?
Will this hose connect to my master compressor 17 kit and to a iwata airbrush?
Is the 1/4 end female and 1/8 end male?
can it be used in a air eraser
Whayt is the avg grain size?
Oops forgot to ask- is there any problem using this in high humidity?
can it take paint off a rusty washing machine lid?
Do I need to order more than one container of the AO? This will be my first attempt to use an air eraser.
Do I need to order more than one container of the AO? This will be my first attempt to use an air eraser.
is this compound good for etching glass , also what is the difference between fast , meduim and slow cutting compound ?
my wife is getting into glass etching. got the air gun and compressor now need the blasting media, will this work for that?
what grid is this media?
Is this the white or brown aluminum oxide? Thanks!
How quiet/noisy is this unit? The noise level is very important to me, because I do most of my work at night, and the neighbors are armed. Thanks.
is this an oilless compressor?
The single line switch on my compressor doesn't seem to work - only the double line (continuous run mode). Am I doing something wrong?
what size hose does it fit 1/4 or 1/8?
How many gallons is the pressure tank underneath the compressor?
What is the minimum psi can i set? I need 15 psi
How large is the air tank?
Does this have a moisture trap?
Does this have a moisture trap?
what is the fitting size for the hose adapter? I'm looking to replace an old badger airbrush and compressor.
What dos # 3B mean
What's the minimum age for which this set is suitable?
what is in the instuction booklet?
does the pencils are Prismacolor?
what is my price with delivery.
what is the interior made out of?
What is the approximate size in inches of these little pads?
Can this kind of ink pad be used to stamp fabrics?
How crisp and clear are stamped images with these dew drops? If not these, any other suggestion for super clean images?
can this ink be used on metal disks?
I am making a thumbprint tree as a guest book for my wedding. Will these be good for thumb printing my guests??
how big is each stamp pad? I am thinking of doing dog foot pads.
Is the ink slightly raised or how does one ink a larger stamp?
could these be used by elementary aged children to do thumbprints?
How well do these ink pads work for thumbprints for a "guestbook"
How do you use this product? Do you pour it on to the stamps? I want to stamp a logo on to the sides of my cardboard boxes, how would I go about it?
What is the thickness of this paper? Will it be thin enough to fold for card making and thick enough so it isn't thin like a paper bag?
Can this paper be used in laser printers?
Is it a smooth finish?
Can I use this paper to punch out as Jewelry Cards to hold earrings?
Would this be good for making envelopes?
Would this paper work well for handmade trim cards to sell? ie, wrapping 3 one yard pieces of trim around after I cut them to the size I need.
Will it work in a Silhouette Cameo machine?
Can this be used for a postcard?
Was the color the same as a brown paper bag?
Is this laser safe?
What is the biggest quilt it can hold?
Are the clamps that hold the fabric ridged on the inside to hold the fabric tight? as Q-snap ones are.
Was it necessary to buy the tilt extenders?
can this product be used to layer the quilt sandwitch?
i have a cross stitch that is sized 80cm x 65cm.. can i use this to do my stitching?
Is this Dritz frame sturdy?
Do you have the clamps that go on the ends of these frames. I need just the clamp that goes on the ends of the frame. I need 2 of them. Thank you
Can you tell me what size pvc pipe this is? (1", 2", etc.)
Will this work with a Q-Snap frame? Could I put the legs on a smaller frame?
Are instructions on how to put it together included?
In reference to the two-star review by Mr. McCormick, does anyone know if they have corrected the ink issue?
Are the graph pages double-sided? Also, what is the paper weight? I've heard 80 gsm &amp; 90 gsm. So which is it?
does this pad contain the cardboard backing that you find between the back laminate cover and the paper?
How large are the grids?
In reference to the two-star review by Mr. McCormick, does anyone know if they have corrected the ink issue?
Are the graph pages double-sided? Also, what is the paper weight? I've heard 80 gsm &amp; 90 gsm. So which is it?
does this pad contain the cardboard backing that you find between the back laminate cover and the paper?
How large are the grids?
Do I add this to epoxy resin mixture, then pour as one liquid? Or is it added after?
How many droplets per ounce is recommended for polyester resin?
I have an old bottle in which the contents have separated and are now very gummy. Can this be saved with some sort of thinner?
Is this dye transparent
Can this be used to color Acrylic two-part Epoxy paint (bathtub refinishing)?
What size of embroidery hoop would you recommend to use for this product?
Does the kit include floss?
Is this blanket color coded for easier sewing?
is the floss presorted?
Is this item do-able for novice sewers?
do these stay open when not in use or is there a way to lock them? I've never had a scissor like this so I'm not too familiar.
Would these work for a left-handed person?
Know how long these would last in a manufacturing environment? My QC department trims a lot of thread. Need to justify cost vs. golden eagles cheapos
Are these gingher or fiskars? Title says ginher, but picture says gingher. Also, the reveiws are varied as some say Gingher and some say Fiskars.
Will these work for plastic canvas?
Are these gingher or fiskars? Title says ginher, but picture says gingher. Also, the reveiws are varied as some say Gingher and some say Fiskars.
What caliber, is it .68?
Is this an automatic?
How long is the barrel it comes with?
ca the CO2 tank also be used with compressed air?
is it an over all good gun
do you know where I could get a case for this
What size/caliber paintball does this take? If this is a dumb question, I'm really sorry. I'm shopping for someone else and have no idea what I'm doin
Hi can you send barrel, body of the gun and other stuff of your offers separately, as a parts in the different packages.
If I purchase this paintball gun, what else do I need to order? Additional paintballs, Co 2? Thanks I'm a newbie paintball mom
does co2 tanks come full??
Will Carver One and Army Barrels work with this?
I understand the Tippman A5 has an integrated feeder system which the 98 doesn't have. I am buying this for my 11 yr old son. Is the extra $ worth it?
How far does it shoot?
does this maker include a Quick Thread Flatline barrel ?
Will this work with the cyclone feeder?
how long is the tippmann 98 custom barrel
What's packing arrangement? Box? Instructions? Spare parts kit? Set of hexagons? etc.
whats the weight of this marker?
the barrel looks short where could i get longer barrel online for this gun ???
can any red dot sight fit on the railing?
what kind of attachment rails does this gun have? piccanny?
what comes with the gubn in the package, barrel cover, sample paintballs?
how long is the acutal paintball barrel 14", 16", 20"?
how accurate is this gun and what is the fps
could you use a cyclone feeder with this gun
could you use a cyclone feeder with this gun
could you use a cyclone feeder with this gun
is an e grip the same as a e trigger
How many bps does it shoot right out of the box.
What is the accuracy on the gun?
can this gun also take compressed air
Can you take the clip out ?
how much maintenance does it need?
what size caliber is it?
is this gun fully automatic?
Is it just the gun? Or does it come with anything else? Ammo? Co2?
can you put bipods and red dot sights on it?
can this be powered by a 88gram co2 cartige
I have a couple loaders and neither seem to fit, the diameter of the loader is too big. Does this model need some sort of special loader?
which end of the cable is inserted into the cricut machine and which end into the jukebox
Can you use this with the cricut expressions 2?
can you buy another cable, if so, where? I have tried amazon and cricut websites
Does it come with the cable?
Does it work with the Explore?
How does this work? Do you just hook it up to the cricut machine and it automatically loads all the cartridges in the station?
Do you need to be connected to the cricut design studio in order to use this?
What size does it punch out? Isnt this standard information to provide? This is the square one so I would think the dimensions would be square.
What are the exact measurements for the Rectangular punched out shape ? I do not quite understand what is stated already ? ie ; length
does Uchida make this size opening in a square?
Does this craft punch cut plastic?
This is the size punch that is light green correct?
what is the size of punch out?
what are the dimensions of the punched cardstock?
What is the exact size of the rectangle when punched?
What size does it punch out? Isnt this standard information to provide? This is the square one so I would think the dimensions would be square.
What are the exact measurements for the Rectangular punched out shape ? I do not quite understand what is stated already ? ie ; length
does Uchida make this size opening in a square?
Does this craft punch cut plastic?
This is the size punch that is light green correct?
what is the size of punch out?
what are the dimensions of the punched cardstock?
What is the exact size of the rectangle when punched?
I want to send you my slice machine broked, it is a new one and doens&acute;t work anymore
I want to know why i cannot get a hold of anybodyat slicecraft i have a slice that won't cut and i would like to find somebody to help
Can I make memories with Arabic letters? and how?
what to do when the blade don't come down?
Why are the Slice and the cartridges getting so low in price? Is there something new coming out or already out?
What size does it punch out? Isnt this standard information to provide? This is the square one so I would think the dimensions would be square.
What are the exact measurements for the Rectangular punched out shape ? I do not quite understand what is stated already ? ie ; length
does Uchida make this size opening in a square?
Does this craft punch cut plastic?
This is the size punch that is light green correct?
what is the size of punch out?
what are the dimensions of the punched cardstock?
What is the exact size of the rectangle when punched?
What size does it punch out? Isnt this standard information to provide? This is the square one so I would think the dimensions would be square.
What are the exact measurements for the Rectangular punched out shape ? I do not quite understand what is stated already ? ie ; length
does Uchida make this size opening in a square?
Does this craft punch cut plastic?
This is the size punch that is light green correct?
what is the size of punch out?
what are the dimensions of the punched cardstock?
What is the exact size of the rectangle when punched?
What size does it punch out? Isnt this standard information to provide? This is the square one so I would think the dimensions would be square.
What are the exact measurements for the Rectangular punched out shape ? I do not quite understand what is stated already ? ie ; length
does Uchida make this size opening in a square?
Does this craft punch cut plastic?
This is the size punch that is light green correct?
what is the size of punch out?
what are the dimensions of the punched cardstock?
What is the exact size of the rectangle when punched?
What size does it punch out? Isnt this standard information to provide? This is the square one so I would think the dimensions would be square.
What are the exact measurements for the Rectangular punched out shape ? I do not quite understand what is stated already ? ie ; length
does Uchida make this size opening in a square?
Does this craft punch cut plastic?
This is the size punch that is light green correct?
what is the size of punch out?
what are the dimensions of the punched cardstock?
What is the exact size of the rectangle when punched?
The Product Details list the dimensions as 11.8 " x 7.3 x 1.6 - - this seems enormous - - as the warming plate is 4 " Is this a misprint ? Please help Thanx
Does the wax not lessen/go down when you are using a candle warmer? I've only ever used/burned a candle through the use of the wick, not with a warmer
can the wick be burning while on the warmer
Will this work in Australia
How large of a cup diameter will work?
Do items on the candle warmer get barely warm, very warm, or hot?
Will it keep coffee hot?
what temperature do these get to?
How mant Watts does this have more or less than 20 W ? THANK YOU FOR YOUR TIME
Would somebody kindly state the watts of the product?? Thanks!!
What is the measure of the blocks' thickness?
what's the diameter of each?
how thick is it 1/2 inch or 3/4 inch?
are these alcohol based inks or some other kind of paint?
Does the paint cleanup with water?
Will the paint work on dark fabrics?
I'm new to this art form. Are these alcohol inks or do they work like them??
Once used on fabrics, are the fabrics still washable??
How big is each bottle in the 9 pack?
Can this be used to mix in casting resin? I hear it doesn't set well for others but really like the color selection...
Can you use these on glass, and are they translucent on glass?
Can these be used on glass bottles?
Can these be used as a scrapbooking medium?
How tall is this? I'm looking for a taller one, and it'd be nice to know the size.
dose it come with A smaller mannequin like It shows on the picture
One review states this mannequin is 12", another states height as 9". Which height is it?
The product description says overall dimensions: 0.5" H x 12" W x 12" D. What does it mean?
Fade out Vellum. looking for 36" x 20 yds. 1000H-8 Do you have?
What size core is the roll? Can it be used on an HP Plotter?
Is this 10 by 10 Grid?
does this have grid marks?
does this product have any gridding on it? Like the picture suggests
Are these permanent or reusable?
are they for outdoors on a mailbox?
how many numbers are there?+
can an 8year old who loves making friendship bracelets do this
Will this disk work with any weight of thread or wire? As I understand it the cord must fit through the notches - too thick might not feed through eas
What size is the disk
Is the disk sturdy or will it wear out after a few braids?
What size are the bobbins?
Does this kit include the glue needed to attach the clasp after the braid is done?
What size is the disk
What size is the cord included in this kit?
is this a hand lift, or is it remote control?
would this sewing cabinet work for Janome Memory Craft 6500 P quilter machine
how many stops does this lift have? Need storage stop, sewing stop and bobbin change stop above sewing stop.
My table is solid on top. Would I be able to cut a hole for the machine to go down in?
is it made for 110 volt or is there one with dual voltage?? or can I modify it into 220 volt
Does this table require assembly?
What is the height difference measured say from the top of your machine at the top position and the top of your machine at the bottom position?
Will it hold a Janome 7700
Does anyone know where to get a good custom made insert to fit the machine?
I have a new Brother sewing machine Dream Creator XE. Will this cabnet fit my machine, is the hole large?
How do you deal with the static of the beads so they don't get all over everything?
Are the beads clear as in see through?
Can you use them to fill plastic ornaments?
Can these be heated? Wondering if I can make hot packs with them.
Is the bead tiny, the size you would want for foam dough, the kind that kids play with?
Can you use these for stuffing children's (i.e., baby) toys?
Are they waterproof? Can I put them in an item (i.e pillow) then wash it regularly?
Are they clear. I'm trying to find something to sprinkle over silk leaves to give it a beaded look. Do you think that this might work?
Are these the really small beads that are inside the super soft travel neck pillows?
What is the diameter of a single bead?
What size is it?
what is the size of this paper?
Is this paper red on both sides?
What is the size?
Hello, do you think that it is possible to print directly onto these papers?
Is it double sided?
Has anyone used these inks on cardboard or smooth wood surfaces?
hi can these inks work on dark colours as well?
When the paints dry, are they soft or hard like the ones I have purchased from Wal-Mart?
Can you mix the colors or is that not recommended?
How well do the ink stays on the shirts after many years of washing and drying?
What volume is each ink bottle, 8 onuces?
is it plastisol or water based?
Are the colours the colours in the kit ?
About how much ink do you need for a basic 8x10 image. I'm making t-shirts for my kid's birthday party and don't know how much ink to buy.
can I use this ink for block printing on textiles?
Could this be used as a casting resin to make coasters?
Could this be used as a casting resin to make coasters?
How many oz,s per square foot? And how scratch resistant is it?
How well does it hold up over time -- i.e., does it resist scratching, denting quite well? We were thinking of using over painted countertops.
Need to mask off stovetop, sink, and backsplash while doing countertop. What kind of tape would be best?
We have sealed a tabletop (looks great) but we would rather have a matte finish as opposed to the high gloss finish. The directions say we can use fine-grade steel wool to dull it. Any comments would be appreciated !!
Can I use this to create resin charms?
Dear friends. Is this product flamable? I mean does it have any air restriction to transport it? Thanks a lot.
Can I use this to cover a painting? Acrylic on canvas.
Does this come with both the resin and the hardener?
Can you stand and draw with this table, because I like 90 degrees flat?
The height is adjustable. What is the lowest height ? Is it easy to change the height frequently for office chair sitting to standing?
I'd like to use this table for sewing. Would the table be sturdy enough for a sewing machine on the front edge and not wobble or fall down.
Does this work on 100 % cotton canvas for outside use on pontoon canopy ?
Can it increase the upf of a shirt that already has some upf rating? For example can it increase a 30 upf rated shirt to a 40 or 50?
Is this safe to use in a HE machine? Does it have to be hot/warm wash?
does the sun guard leave a smell
how many ounces are in this package?
How much do you use per load?
what size are buttons
Do the 6 primary colors buttons have all basic shapes to teach toddler kids all first six colors and shapes?
Does this pack have all primary colors (red, blue, yellow, green) and important purple and orange for toddlers to teach the first six colors?
About how many buttons come in this 1-lb. pack and is there a real variety of colors?
Approximately how many buttons come in a 1 lb package?
What are the shapes included?
is it wireless
Will it sharpen Ticonderoga triangular pencils?
Does this sharpen (Prismacolor) colour pencils well?
will this sharpen oversize triangular kids pencils?
Can you replace the metal sharpening blade when it gets dull? I want to use this sharpener as a professional artist, and it will get lots of use.
How does open to empty it?
Is it manual or battery operated
does this sharpener work with the jumbo crayons used in preschools?
is it battery operated or plug in
Does this sharpen Ticonderoga pencils? They are larger than normal and I haven't found a sharpener to use on them.
would these work to put 2 sheets of .080" kydex together? or do you think 3/16 work better?
It says black screws, but in the picture they look silver. Which is the real color?
It says black screws, but in the picture they look silver. Which is the real color?
What are the screws made of?
How long is the post when screwed togther?
Does this package include screws and posts?
What is the diameter of the caps?
What is the diameter of the caps?
What is the diameter of the post?
Can I use this tread on my Sergerr?
does this thread fit in the brother holder
Newbie Question...how do you find the end of the thread on this spool? Thanks
Polyester Sewing Thread - 600m color -100%, 50 S.E (Is this size 50 wt) We hope this is size 50wt, but how do we know?
can this be placed on the sewing machine? or is a stand required?
what are the deminsions of the spool?
will it work on a serger
does this work with a brother 1034D? thanks!
Can I use this tread on my Sergerr?
does this thread fit in the brother holder
Newbie Question...how do you find the end of the thread on this spool? Thanks
Polyester Sewing Thread - 600m color -100%, 50 S.E (Is this size 50 wt) We hope this is size 50wt, but how do we know?
can this be placed on the sewing machine? or is a stand required?
what are the deminsions of the spool?
will it work on a serger
does this work with a brother 1034D? thanks!
Can I use this tread on my Sergerr?
does this thread fit in the brother holder
Newbie Question...how do you find the end of the thread on this spool? Thanks
Polyester Sewing Thread - 600m color -100%, 50 S.E (Is this size 50 wt) We hope this is size 50wt, but how do we know?
can this be placed on the sewing machine? or is a stand required?
what are the deminsions of the spool?
will it work on a serger
does this work with a brother 1034D? thanks!
Can I use this tread on my Sergerr?
does this thread fit in the brother holder
Newbie Question...how do you find the end of the thread on this spool? Thanks
Polyester Sewing Thread - 600m color -100%, 50 S.E (Is this size 50 wt) We hope this is size 50wt, but how do we know?
can this be placed on the sewing machine? or is a stand required?
what are the deminsions of the spool?
will it work on a serger
does this work with a brother 1034D? thanks!
Can I use this tread on my Sergerr?
does this thread fit in the brother holder
Newbie Question...how do you find the end of the thread on this spool? Thanks
Polyester Sewing Thread - 600m color -100%, 50 S.E (Is this size 50 wt) We hope this is size 50wt, but how do we know?
can this be placed on the sewing machine? or is a stand required?
what are the deminsions of the spool?
will it work on a serger
does this work with a brother 1034D? thanks!
Are there any instructions for any of this?
is the oil include it
Does the refractometer have a light included or does this package include one?
Is the readout digital on the refractometer? In what country is this equipment manufactured?
Can I use this tread on my Sergerr?
does this thread fit in the brother holder
Newbie Question...how do you find the end of the thread on this spool? Thanks
Polyester Sewing Thread - 600m color -100%, 50 S.E (Is this size 50 wt) We hope this is size 50wt, but how do we know?
can this be placed on the sewing machine? or is a stand required?
what are the deminsions of the spool?
will it work on a serger
does this work with a brother 1034D? thanks!
Can I use this tread on my Sergerr?
does this thread fit in the brother holder
Newbie Question...how do you find the end of the thread on this spool? Thanks
Polyester Sewing Thread - 600m color -100%, 50 S.E (Is this size 50 wt) We hope this is size 50wt, but how do we know?
can this be placed on the sewing machine? or is a stand required?
what are the deminsions of the spool?
will it work on a serger
does this work with a brother 1034D? thanks!
Can I use this tread on my Sergerr?
does this thread fit in the brother holder
Newbie Question...how do you find the end of the thread on this spool? Thanks
Polyester Sewing Thread - 600m color -100%, 50 S.E (Is this size 50 wt) We hope this is size 50wt, but how do we know?
can this be placed on the sewing machine? or is a stand required?
what are the deminsions of the spool?
will it work on a serger
does this work with a brother 1034D? thanks!
Can I use this tread on my Sergerr?
does this thread fit in the brother holder
Newbie Question...how do you find the end of the thread on this spool? Thanks
Polyester Sewing Thread - 600m color -100%, 50 S.E (Is this size 50 wt) We hope this is size 50wt, but how do we know?
can this be placed on the sewing machine? or is a stand required?
what are the deminsions of the spool?
will it work on a serger
does this work with a brother 1034D? thanks!
Can I use this tread on my Sergerr?
does this thread fit in the brother holder
Newbie Question...how do you find the end of the thread on this spool? Thanks
Polyester Sewing Thread - 600m color -100%, 50 S.E (Is this size 50 wt) We hope this is size 50wt, but how do we know?
can this be placed on the sewing machine? or is a stand required?
what are the deminsions of the spool?
will it work on a serger
does this work with a brother 1034D? thanks!
Can I use this tread on my Sergerr?
does this thread fit in the brother holder
Newbie Question...how do you find the end of the thread on this spool? Thanks
Polyester Sewing Thread - 600m color -100%, 50 S.E (Is this size 50 wt) We hope this is size 50wt, but how do we know?
can this be placed on the sewing machine? or is a stand required?
what are the deminsions of the spool?
will it work on a serger
does this work with a brother 1034D? thanks!
Can I use this tread on my Sergerr?
does this thread fit in the brother holder
Newbie Question...how do you find the end of the thread on this spool? Thanks
Polyester Sewing Thread - 600m color -100%, 50 S.E (Is this size 50 wt) We hope this is size 50wt, but how do we know?
can this be placed on the sewing machine? or is a stand required?
what are the deminsions of the spool?
will it work on a serger
does this work with a brother 1034D? thanks!
Can I use this tread on my Sergerr?
does this thread fit in the brother holder
Newbie Question...how do you find the end of the thread on this spool? Thanks
Polyester Sewing Thread - 600m color -100%, 50 S.E (Is this size 50 wt) We hope this is size 50wt, but how do we know?
can this be placed on the sewing machine? or is a stand required?
what are the deminsions of the spool?
will it work on a serger
does this work with a brother 1034D? thanks!
Can I use this tread on my Sergerr?
does this thread fit in the brother holder
Newbie Question...how do you find the end of the thread on this spool? Thanks
Polyester Sewing Thread - 600m color -100%, 50 S.E (Is this size 50 wt) We hope this is size 50wt, but how do we know?
can this be placed on the sewing machine? or is a stand required?
what are the deminsions of the spool?
will it work on a serger
does this work with a brother 1034D? thanks!
Can I use this tread on my Sergerr?
does this thread fit in the brother holder
Newbie Question...how do you find the end of the thread on this spool? Thanks
Polyester Sewing Thread - 600m color -100%, 50 S.E (Is this size 50 wt) We hope this is size 50wt, but how do we know?
can this be placed on the sewing machine? or is a stand required?
what are the deminsions of the spool?
will it work on a serger
does this work with a brother 1034D? thanks!
what is the exact size of this noise maker in inches?
Do you have these small rattle inserts in a larger size?
If you use these in a stuffed toy can they be washed? Are they water proof?
What kind of metal balls are used in the rattle?
what size are they please?
Do your rattle components meets with CE Marking EN standards?
are there actual tacks in this product or is in just a strip to place tacks in?
Do you have to sew it on?
Does this tack strip actually have the tacks embedded in the cardboard?
Would this work to cover the seats of a dining room set, that doesn't get much use?
Is this flannel?
What color green? The photo shows a very vibrant limey green but looking at other images (on the web) it is more a washed out blue green.
Is this appropriate for a dining room seat cover?
Is this fabric 100% cotton?
can i use it to make chair covers or is it to tin?
If i order 8 yards can i get them all together or does it come cut in one yard pieces? Is it durable I want to make a bedspread?
Is this flannel?
Will this hold Sharpie markers?
Will it hold copic scetch markers
How are these markers held? Elastic bands? Looks like an elastic band on one end with a canvas "pocket" on the other?
Does anyone know if this will accommodate the Stampin' Up markers?
Will this case fit sharpie markers?
Will Molotow large markers fit in this case
will this hold the prismacolor double ended markers?
Do you know if this case will fit the stampin up markers that are 6 3/4" long?
Hi, has anyone tried it using Beadalon 49 strand .46mm wire? I am tired of slowly jabbing at #11 seed beads and would love to pick up the pace. Thx
Hi! I'd like to know if glass seed beads work well with this machine. Has anyone tried it with this type of bead? Thanks
Hi! I'd like to know if glass seed beads work well with this machine. Has anyone tried it with this type of bead? Thanks
Hi! I would like to know how this works for memory wire, if anyone has tried it for that. Thank You
What type of needles did you get in order to pick up the size 11 Czech beads. Some reviews say it doesn't work or does not work as we'll with Czech?
I want to know if the darice battery powered bead spinner makes a loud noise i got one from a website and it is very loud
What is the width? What is the weave/weight?
If I order 4 does it come in one four yard piece or in four one yard pieces?
How much fabric do I need to cover a chair pad?
How long is the repeat?
What is the PSI for this machine?
How long and wide is it?
i want know about the which is the weight of the kit
Would you find this age appropriate for a 12 year old?
Could you please tell me what's the compressor's pressure in PSI's?
Can this model be used to decorate ice cream cake?
Hi, I purchased this kit but I can't find the "airbrush pen" part of the machine. Can i buy just the pen separetly? Please advise :(
Is there a dial to adjust the spray coming out
what is the watts?
what is the compressor size and weight?
what's the electrcity voltage? can it work on 220V
The airbrush does't work since the day it was received. The air comes out, but not the paint. I would like to send it to the warranty.
The airbrush does't work sice the day it was received. The air comes out but not the paint. I would like to send it to the warranty.
I just received it, got it running, but in the case for the sprayer there appears to be an extra attachment and I don't know where it goes, any ideas?
Is it possible to use this airbrush in Europe (230 Volt)?
Do you have the option to the add more pearl amerimist food colors?
Is this with a tank? Is this tc20T?
Was I suppose to get 12 gel food color and 12 airbrush colors?
What is the shipping weight of this product
Does this kit come with 24 4.5oz bottles or does it come with 24 0.7oz bottles? The heading says 4.5oz but in the description it says 0.7?
Is the compressor quiet?
Is the compressor quiet?
Are the color sheen pearl colors (white, gold and silver) included with this set?
Just received this item. Did y'all's compressor say master on it or did it come in a box that just said airbrush compressor?
It says 30 colors, so where are the color choices?
how sheer is it?
Is there a way to guarantee this to be in one piece? I need it to be all in one piece
Would this tulle work well for making a tutu?
Can you tell me if this in made in the USA or another country?
I need to dress windows for a reception. will it work well for this purpose?
if this fabric fire retardent?
how wide is it?
are all 40 yds white or is it multiple bolts of different coleors ?
if i order it today, when will it be shipped, And how long will it take to get to Michigan?
It is working on keather?
I am looking for an eyelet punch and setter which would go through two layers of material and batting between. Would this work on fabric as well?
Does this work on small eyelets that are size 5/32
Will this fasten a 3/32" eyelet or is that too small?
What size holes does this punch/ eyelets does it take? I am looking for 1/8", or 3.2mm.
Is there a way to be guaranteed at least one monkey in the 6 puppets? And do they fit adult hands?
are the features embroidered on or are they buttons that can come off?
Can anyone post a photo of what they received? I suspect the Amazon photo is exceptional.
How much does the shipping of hand puppets cost to San Francisco
I would like to purchase the whole set of 12. If I purchase 2 of the 6 piece sets, will I get 1 of all twelve puppets?
If I order two sets will I receive 12 different puppets?
The eyes are they sewn in or are they plastic?
Are these puppets made in China?
I would like to know the size of the tools. I have big hands and find that the 31/2" are not right for me. Please reply. Thanks.
Does the finish on the tips of these tools start to chip off after a few uses?
Where are these tools made?
Is this tool kit suitable for wire wrapping techniques?
Could I have this tool set in PINK?
Does this fabric shrink?
Is it see through? I want to use it to cover a jar that I don't want to let light in.
three yards will be one piece long?... Correct
Do you think this fabric would be appropriate for head scarves or sarongs?
Weight? Appropriate for upholstery?
this products is for outdoor?
would like to make adult bibs, would this fabric need to be doubled?
Oh and what is the width of the fabric?
Is this fabric sold in yard increments? I'm confused between the wording and the picturee ruler? thx
Will this be heavy enough for curtains for the children's room?
Does this work well with polymer clay? Should it be applied to unbaked polymer clay? Or after baking?
Is this item just a bottle for filling with the lacquer, or does it actually contain the lacquer as well?
does this dry hard, or soft and gel-like? thank you.
Are you able to screw on the finer tips to this bottle when you buy the 4 oz refill, or do you have to have the starter kit?
Does walkway made fron this product survive cold/snowy weather? Has anyone used a walkway built with this product in such conditions?
Do the molds (Cobblestone and Belgium) come in pairs?
In addition to a walkway, I would like to make a patio area of approx. 10ft X 12ft. Can you use this same mold to do a large area like that?
Could you add stones/decorative accents to the cement?
Does the mold take one bag of concrete per setting (40-50lb)?
I want to try this around my rural mailbox but one side of the lawn is slightly sloped.It slopes near my driveway.Would I have to build it up with soil to make it even first in order to use this mold?Also what do I have to do other than remove the...
What is the dimension of this product???
MEASUREMENT OF MOULD IN CMS DEPTH AND WIDTH
Anyone know of a way to seal the edges?
Are the edges sealed in any manner? Wondering if it would fray if made into bows. Thanks!
Hi, the add says this roll is 4" x 100 yards, but then, when choosing measurements, nothing says yards, it is all in feet. What is the real measure ?
I would like to make burlap garland for my Christmas tree this year. For those who have purchased this item, do you think it will hold up to the task?
Do you have red in any widths?
I have ordered 4 rolls so far, and love it, but I need black! Any ideas on where to find it?
Did this burlap fray alot? From the picture it looks like it would fray easily.
Is this 10 oz. burlap or other?
Is this strong enough to protect young trees from rodents &amp; other chewing animals? Is it strong enough to protect from deer rubbing their antlers?
How big of hands will this motor handle? The minute hand that I am using is approx. 6-7" long.
Does this movement make a ticking sound or is it quiet?
I have a balanced minute hand total length 13" with pivot at 9" from the tip of the minute hand and hour hand unbalanced total length 7" . Would this movement be OK to replace my original?
What are the dimensions?
does this piece chime?
What is this pendulum length and swing width? I want to replace a movement that needs 11 1/2" dial center to bottom of pendulum.
how long is the pendulum?
how long will battery last?
how to request hands
I'm replacing bim bam mechanism of old Elgin Regulator wall clock. Seems like pendulum is too long. Can I use old 8" pendulum (10" from shaft to bot
work on flat mirrors?
will this work for 7x7 square plates?
Do you think 2 5.5 discs would hold a 6.8lb. mirror?
I cannot find the instructions. Can some post them?
Will this work on an 18" plate weighing 6 lbs?
want to hang plates in kitchen, how do you clean them later?
If I used more than one disc to hang a heavy plate, would you adhere one on top of the other and did you hang it from more than one hook on the wall?
Will this work on an aluminum tray?
Can you use these plates that have rough backs?
I have depression ware pink glass plates. Will this disc show through them?
Will this card fit a Baby Lock Esente Es2 embroidery machine?
How small are the letters on the Brother Embroidery Card SA298 Alphabet?
Can you use this on the Brother pe500 4x4 machine?
I have a Brother BE0901e-AC will this work on my machine????
I have a Brother PE-150 will it work with it?
will this card work with the brother designio and what fonts does it have on it?
can you use on Brother PE-150?
will this card work on a bernina deco 500?
Does this work with the Brother SE425
will it fit a SE400 Brother embroidery machine?
Duplo blocks fit on the standard Lego base, so is this plate the same as the standard Lego base?
The price was cheaper for this a week ago. I was just about to order it. Why did the price go up?
duplo
Could someone recommend a good train set that's not too big for this table but not as small as the one included? Thanks!
Honest opinion. Is this set okay for a girl? Or is more for a boy? She just turned 2 years old.
Duplo Blocks I know this questions was asked, but there are several different answers given. Will Duplo blocks fit on this with no problems. Thanks
what is the size of this table
will thomas trains fit on the train track that comes with this table?
would the Kidkraft Chelsea dollhouse fit on this table?
What other train sets fit this table? I love the size of this one but looking for a few other train options as my little one grows. He likes bridges!
What is it made out of? I don't see the materials anywhere.
How do you get a name on the smock?
does smock come personalized
Can I change the name
would this be a right fit for a 10 year old
can i put my granddaughters name on it
Where do you loop the velcro strips exactly?
Will it fit kindergarteners and 1st graders?
How do I order the smock with the personalized name pocket? I do not see this option. Thank you.
unsure how to personalize? the chest pocket is lined in white including the clear part. so, you cant see the name through the pocket. pls help please
Is the transformer required for these tools? I am in US. Thanks!
How quiet is this compared toi its competition? I have a 12v Cordless one from Milw*** and its very loud
What is the place of origin? What is the power of the product? What is the specifications of the product?
will dremel tools ,wheels , fit proton ? /
Does the 38481 kit come with a keyless chuck?
What's the difference between this one and Proxxon 38472 FBS 115/E Precision Rotary Tool other than collets vs chuck? They have the same RPM and power.
Need to plug it to 220 Volt 50Hz power source. Is it possible?
does this foot petal go with this tool? Proxxon 38700 Foot Switch FS - Proxxon
Only 120Volts ? Really?
How many recipe pages are in this book?
I want a book where I can use newspaper clipping and magazine recipies and NOT have to write things down, does this book make that possible ?
I was wondering if you are able to remove the front cover picture and replace it with one of your own.
How many pages?
How do you thread the bobbin?
What is the throat length in inches?
Is this machine good for beginners and then some? Also I have trouble keeping my 1/4" seam straight any advice?
Does someone know how large the neck or throat is in inches? Would hate to get it and not be able to feed a full size quilt through the opening.
cannot decide on the 7470 or 7469, as I quilt I also want to personalize my quilts with monogram help ??
Which mid arm quilting machine is better for fitting quilts through?
Does this come with a case ? Thanks.
How do I lower the feed dogs to sew on a button?
does this machine embroider
is the pressure sewing feet low shank or high shank?
what age group is this appropriate for
are any of these the right size to make adult size, mens and womens beanies (hats)? thank you!
How many pegs does each loom have?
Do the pegs have hooks?
Are any of the pegs removable for use on different projects?
what kind of yarn works best with the Darice round looms?
If I want a tight stitch, what type of yarn is best to use with this product?
Can I knit a baby blanket with this set?
how big is the loom?
Are the pegs interchangeable?
Does the clay actually dry hard? As in solid and rock steady, or softer and crumbly.
Does this clay expand when it dries?
After hardening, can I pour QuickWater Fake, Artificial Water? This fake water also gets hard in about 48 hours
Would a dried "mold" withstand hot liquid wax? We're making candles and would like to pour directly into a dried holder made of this clay.
What is the hardening time; no indication on the packaging?
does it come already assembled?
how big is the easel when flattened for carrying?
What is the maximum height canvas Richeson Deluxe Table Top Easel LYPTUS Wood can hold?
Can this clay be glazed or some other process to last longer? I see some of the reviews say it crumbles after a year.
Does anyone have an approximate amount of people this bucket would be suitable for?
does it really crack that easily?
dry time
once it dries completely can water soften it again?
We have tried to use this for several school projects - fine at first but then couple hours later is always cracks! What are we doing wrong??
Can this be used with a toy pottery wheel?
How many small projects per 5 lb tub? I have a girl scout troop with 16 girls.
Can you speed up the drying process by drying at low heat (175-200) in an oven?
I want to make a sculpture which is fairly large, but is just going to be used for a costume prop one night. Would this dry hard enough for that?
How fast does this ship after purchase?
how many stones does one kit make?
The picture on box shows "welcome to my garden" stone with flower design around edge. Does kit contain whatever necessary to make flower design
Are these heavy or lightweight fabric ?
Will these shrink after washing?
Can these be used for acrylic paint DIY projects? Thinking of using as hostess gifts.
Do they wrinkle a lot after washing?
I have noticed elsewhere on the internet that these Aunt Martha's 28x28 flour sack towels have a loop on one corner. Is this the case here with these?
are the dish towels made in America as advertised?
Why was the price raised recently from $15.99 to $24.00??
I want to make sure how many towels I will be getting. Seven are mentioned in the "title"; however, in the description it says ONE towel.
I am thinking of using these for a tracing project for a child's drawing as a keepsake for grandmas, aunts, etc. - would these work?
I just bought The Big Shot .It came with the extended platform and cutting plates. Do I need anything else to emboss. Like a rubber mat?
How thick is the silicone rubber mat?
How many of these do I need for embossing with the sisslettes?
What is the sandwich for using this pad with the silicone pad and Bigshot machine?
Can the embossing mat be cut smaller?
is this impressions pad required when using the magnetic pad
does it work with cuttlebug
Will this work with the Vagabond?
is this a metal die cut adapter plate?
If you want to use 12" embossing folders with the big shot, what extra do you need beside the extended cutting pad?
How thin does this go? Can it produce a layer less than 1mm thick (roughly the thickness of 3 or 4 playing cards)?
how easy is it to clean when changing colors
how thick does this go? can it go to 1/4 inch or more?
will it roll fondant
can you use ceramic clay in this
Is it compatible with Makin's motor?
what is the dimension of the punched scallop?
OMG! "Large" tells me nothing! Large compared to what?? Can anyone tell me the diameter punched by the scalloped squeeze punch, large?
What size punch does this make?
hi, what is the size of heart whit this reference?
How big is the heart?
How big is the heart?
what is the dimension of the punched scallop?
OMG! "Large" tells me nothing! Large compared to what?? Can anyone tell me the diameter punched by the scalloped squeeze punch, large?
What size punch does this make?
hi, what is the size of heart whit this reference?
How big is the heart?
How big is the heart?
Will the color stay if I use it on a small model or do I need a topcoat to seal it? (I'm painting a small 3D-printed alien for my 5-year-old nephew.)
The paints are flammable?
Does this starter kit come with an air gun or do you buy that separately?
how much does one container of paint cover when compared roughly to a can of spray paint? is it about equal?
How or what do I use to thin the paints?
Are these inks thin enough to use in a small airbrush (the type they use to spray on make up)?
Can these be used on plastics and are these water cleanup?
would this type of paint work wll with my brother's moebius models
Can these paints be used on silk fabric?
Can you paint automobiles with this?
Does this machine have a push-button thread cutter?
what is the size of the throat (measure opening from needle going right to machine)?
My local dealer said there is a 25 year manufacturer's warranty. Does this apply to this Amazon machine also, or is it just a dealer perk?
What is the clear space to the right of the needle?
Can this machine easily sew heavier material like cotton canvas?
Can handle heavy-duty sewing?
Can I sew thick leather with this machine?
I understand that the 7330 does not have an automatic tension, while other models (like the 7325 does). Does this lack of functionality matter?
Does this machine have a metal frame? Note that the frame must be inside, not the body.
does an extension table come with it?
Does this fit the Brother HC1850
Just getting back into sewing after many years. Can someone explain what this foot is used for?
does it fir brother SE400
does it work with a 1034D?
Will this presser foot it fit in a Brother SQ9050?
will this fit a Brother RXR1355?
What needle position # is best to get an actual 1/4" seam? If I put mine on the middle number I'm not sure I am getting an actual 1/4" seam. Seems like it is a scant larger than 1/4".
Will this fit a Brother PQ 1500S?
brother 2001 LTD sewing machine does it fix?
Will this fit a Kenmore?
Does this attach to a walking foot? I have a cs-6000i. It looks like i have this, but no # or id on it.
Will this fit my Brother CS 6000i?
how thick can you sew with this quilting foot?
Can this be used on the Brother SE400 in place of the embroidery foot to do machine embroidery?
Does the foot come with a quilting guide? If not, do you have them, too?
Will it fit my Brother xr9500prw?
Do you know if this will fit Brother sewing machine, model #270D?
i am new to sewing - how do you attach i have a brother SC6600
Will this foot fit a Juki machine?
is it made of metal or plastic?
Will this fit a low shank Kenmore ( not a snap on nor top loading bobbin)?
Will this foot work for my Sears Kenmore 158.16600. It's low shank made in 1976-77. Any help would be appreciated. Thank You!
I have a EURO-Pro Model 8550....will this walking foot fit my machine
Does the foot fit the Janome HD1000?
Will it fit a Singer 15-91? Thank you...
point size
How good are these pens on fabric?
Do these pens bleed on very thin paper like in Bibles?
Are any of these pens permanent and can they be used on stones?
Could these be used on white stones to add details?
fabric
SO THESE WILL ATTACH TO THE STANDARD DRILLBIT?
What is the diameter of the reamer? Can I use it to clear a .5mm hole, which is the size I find common for small gemstone beads?
What is the maximum diameter (in millimeters) these reamers can make a hole?
Will these fit the Beadalon Bead Reamer, Econ?
Are these dremel attachments?
Will these diamond reamers work on the ureo electric reamer tool?
Is there a 1/8 inch size?
Can you use these to hollow out a tree to make a dugout canoe? if you can't, what could I use?
I'm looking more for function.. I.e. spoons, cups, bowls. Would these be good? or can you tell me what would? FYI I'm not looking for power tools.
Are these sharp enough out of the box to use on a pumpkin?
will these work with a lath
where is.the product made?
A few of the chisels in the pack seem to be gouges for lathe work, is that correct or am I off thew mark?
Does anyone know if this will work with the Brother SE400 Sewing/Embroidery machine? Thanks
I have a very old Kemore (1972) that still works great with a low shank will this work on it?
Do any of you know if this will work with a Kenmore sewing machine? This attachment is way cheaper than a serger!
will it fit a singer futura xl1
Can I use it on a Singer and Viking #1 Plus?
Why won't mine cut the fabric?
can i use it on my brother sa 135
Will this work with Singer 7400?
Is this foor good for a Brother HC1850 machine
Will this fit and work on a dc2011 Janome machine (same as dc2010 through dc 2014)?
Will this work on an elna 2002
I got this for a Brother Lx 3125 but there is no piece on the presser feet that connects around the screw to hold the foot on. Am I missing something?
how do you attach the button holer on my brother sewing machine
Does this fit the brother lx 3125?
Will this kit fit the C6000 computerized sewing machine
Will it fit Brother LS2125
Does this come with a walking foot? will it fit the brothers Xr 9500
willl these fit a Brother CS-6000i?
Will this work on Brother XR-40?
will it fit the Brother project runway cs8800prw?
Does it come with the actual treadle, or do you have to find that somewhere else?
are any assessories included with the sewing machine, needles, bobbins, feet, instruction book etc?
Does this include the "Free Bonus Package" that some of the other sites are offering?
What size belt does this machine use?
What is the throat size of this machine? IE: could you sew a king size quilt on it?
If the machine sews with no electrical power, how does it run?
will the Janome treadle machine 712T sew patches on leather jackets
Does this sewing machine have a reverse?
Can this machine make quilts?
Is a hand crank conversion available for this machine?
Can the deep cut blade cut the copper cladding on a blank printed circuit board?
can you put regular blades in the deep cut housing
Does the Cricut Deep Cut Blade &amp; Housing work effectively on thin paper and will standard blades work in it [the housing]?
i have what i think is an "iron on" patch that has started to peel off. would this work to glue it back on?
Does this glue degrade the backside of plastic gemstones and give them a "cracked" appearance, like E6000 does?
Does this fabric glue stiffen the fabric after application?
does this glue works well on fabric and plastic for one of those blow up bed on the seams
Will this work on vinyl faux leather? I'm looking to repair a chair with new fabric on the seat after cat shredded original.
does this dry clear? Can I use to repair rip in dress shirt?
How fast does it dry? I need to glue fabric leaves onto a bodice and need something that will try pretty quick for it to work.
I am creating an advent calendar and wonder if this glue would work for gluing velcro to felt? The felt pieces would be moved a lot. Will it hold up?
How thick is it supposed to be? The one I received is so thick I find it difficult to work with. Should it be like white glue or like bread dough?
I need to attach a heavy rubber emblem to a fabric corset &amp; I need something strong. I have used Fabri-tac. Is this better and will it withstand time?
I plan on using this brand of dye (assorted colors) to dye 100% cotton rugs. Can you tell me what other products I might need to buy?
I want to dye the faded black legs of cotton spandex yoga pants. The foldover waist is white. Can legs only dyed?
I want to dye a pair of white jeans a medium/light gray. Could I dilute this product to get gray, or would you recommend another dye?
Could this product be used for exterior fabric/canvas awnings? They are currently a hunter green color and I would like to make them black. Thanks!
anyone ever use this as the dye for anodizing Aluminum?
does it have multiple needle positions?
Any opinion on whether to go with the HD1000 or Magnolia 7318? I am a light crafter/sewer, maybe use once or twice a month
Would someone kindly check how many watts it is please? Thanks a lot!
Does it have a case? If not, is there a case that would fit this machine?
Is it easy to thread?
can you hem jeans
Does this machine sew leather and multiple layers of fabrics without jamming??
Is this easily portable?
Can you make denim pants/shirt with this machine? Thank you.
will this machine do free-motion quilting
Want a really high quality machine that is computerized but does not need a million stitches. Will this sew thru denim? How are the button holes?
Does the DC4030 come with a hard case?
What is the difference between the Janome DC4030 &amp; Janome DC4030P?
Is this machine able to sew with a twin needle? What presser foot do I need to buy for it?
does the auto tension work well for thin and thick material?
Does it have an adjustable needle position?
What is the longest length
whatever happened to the dc 2030 machine from janome?
Can I sew Leather, with this machine?
What is the heaviest thread, in tex, that this machine is designed for?
Will it sew fleece, polyester, rayon?
Can this sew leather?
How much does this machine weigh? I am looking for a machine to carry to classes.
will this sewing machine work on hemming denim jeans?
will it sew leather?
do you recommend this machine for delicate fabrics...silk chiffons?
What is the throat space for this machine?
How does this compare to Singer 4423? Does it sew through multiple layers of canvas?
Can you use a giga hoop with this?
if i have a picture is there anyway i can down load it on to my card so i can embroider it on a shirt
What size hoops can you use with this? Do any come with it?
How do you digitize a picture into a embroidery design? Do you need any special software for this?
Can this machine ebroide caps?
This machine has a free arm, have you used it?
price
Can you change individual needle if one breaks or do you have to change all of them?
Do you need to buy an another accessory
can you change single needle if one breaks in unit
how many needles does the Janome FM725 use
Does this machine come with the attachment that allows you to change just one needle when it breaks, as opposed to all of the needles?
how big is the hoop on the brother LB6770PRW
Is there a way to import my own logo?
self-threader question: Does this machine have a self-threader?
lb6770prw vs. lb6770thrd: What is the difference between the two?
Is the opening 8 x 10 or is the total dimension 8 x 10?
Is the frame face flat or curved
Does this frame come with glass?
Does it come with glass &amp; backing?
does it have an easel back?
Can this item be used on the back of an air vent to stop lint etc. Are the holes big enough for easy air flow? Thank you
Hi. Is this fabric stretchy, or static? Thanks!
how do you know how many yards you are getting?
Acsessoris for cricut
will any of the envelopes fit a 5x7 card?
Can i use these with my cricut cuttlebug machine V2? Please help!!!
Can this be hung up, or only sit on the table
Does anyone know what the blue rubberized coated hook taped to the back of this rack is for?
Does the rack when it is full of rulers have a tendency to fall over?
Can you tell me the dimensions of the rack and the distance between the slots?
does this include the rules in it?
Can someone tell me how thick the slots are in this ruler rack? Thanks.
how many slots are in this holder?
This rule also ininches ?
Can I use this denim and jeans needle on my brother cs6000i machine?
Are these flat or round shank
Will these fit a Bernina Artista 180?
will these needles work on my kenmore machine? It is a very old machine, purchases around 1981.
Do the Schmetz Jean &amp; Denim needles work with the Brother sewing machines?
Does anyone know if this would hold my son's toy cars?
Can this store both the spool of thread and its matching bobbin in the same compartment?
Does anyone know if this would store fingernail polish?
Is this organizer made by Plano?
Will this work for anything that is the size of the space or smaller? I would like to use it for small cutters used for fondant, cake decorating?
Does anyone know if this would store my son's Thomas Take N Play die-case trains?
Is the organizer made from "soft" plastic or hard plastic?
Does it hold regular size scissor
ARE ALL THE COMPARTMENTS THE SAME SIZE?
Will it hold magnetic letters?
Is this the f version?
Does it come with extra tips?
Is the tip small enough to work on the newest rolex submariner?
If I buy the F version I can change it to the S version by buying a replacement S tip?
which is the differences between F and S version of this tool?
I know nothing about changing watch bands.Have 2 Timex watches with metal bands,same size. Think this tool would work?
How do I order the F version of this springbar tool?
It appears this tool is the F version. Will the F version work on my Rolex Explorer II bracelet? Thanks.
Can it take a converter and if so what kind?
Hi. I just wondering what color is the clip? is it rose red or simply red?
How sharp is the nib's tip and does it hold its edge? One of the sharpest edges is the Osmirod but it other issues. Thank you - Milo
refills for Lamy Caligraphy set
what are the nib sizes? Are they stub nibs? if so how many mm?
I would love it if someone could let me know the dimension of this dot. Is it somewhat flesh-toned?
Are these hypoallergenic?
Are they thin (and comfortable) enough for knitting?
I am looking for something to protect the bar leg of my pool chairs to prevent them from rusting my floor when it rains. Would this be good?
is this product heat resistant?
I'm making coasters from polymer clay and am looking for something to back it other than felt. Would these work?
I want something to make my keyboard be harder to move, right now it slides more than (insert a lubricant ad here)
can you put these on the bottom of something that gets hot-ish?
Diameter? like a pencil? need something that is completely flat and very, very thin like a dime or less.
So just peel and stick?
Would these work to stop a glass table topper from moving on top a wood table?
Do you think these could be stuck to the side of a slippery cell phone to give it a bit more grip and less likely to fall out of my husband's hand?
Can these be used n tile coasters?
How does one use these?
can this turn a tube tha'ts closed at one end?
what are the inside diameters of the tubes?
is it easy to use
Once snapped together is it easy to get apart?
I am making Tote Bags that are two layers of Cotton Canvas, would these work for this type of project?
Will I also need a pair of plyers?
What is the difference between the pop n cut base and the movers and shakers tray?
What is the long black rectangle? I don't see that for sale and it doesn't look like the "base tray L" that is for sale.
Does the base come with the package?
Is the spine scored for easy folding?
can this go through the cuttlebug?
does this paint need baked if used on wine glasses?
does anyone know if you can use these enamels on dolls eyes?
Can this paint be used on porcelain?
Can this product be cut with an electronic die cut machine?
will this product work to make pattern stencils?
Can I use this to make some tubes for storing stuff,are they sturdy enough.
How easily is this material Scratched?? Sliding across paper/cardboard.
This product doesn't seem to be .007 in thickness, and my Silhouette will not cut it. How can I cut this with my Silhouette Cameo?
Will the .007 thickness used as an overlay on a greeting card lay flat after it is cut down to size, then scored and folded?
Will a craft punch cut through a sheet of this? Can you make your own stencil out of it using a Martha Stewart craft punch?
Is this thick enough to deflect debris if thrown at it? My only concern is that this material is stiff enough to make a helmet visor for a costume.
Can I put these sheets through a printer?
Can you run this through an inkjet printer to print images?
What is the thickness of these stars?
How many 4-inch stars in each pack? How big is the next size down and how many of those are in each pack? Thanks!
What type of wood are these made of?
What are the dimensions of the large star?
How many stars are in a package? Thanks
How tall are each of the boxes (separately, not all together)?
The outsides of the boxes, are they glossy or just smooth? Thanks!
i need 12x12x10 wedding type gift box,only need 1 box ,but I'm open To?
Do you have 12 sets of these available to ship? thank you
i am looking for one 9"diameterx4"high round paper mache box,can u help?? bertha
Has anyone ever spray painted this? or is it better it use acrylic paint?
Are boxes collapsible
Hi, if the middle box is 9" in diameter, then the lid should be a little bigger in diameter to cover the 9" box? Could you measure the lid diameter?
Can someone tell me how tall these are?
Is the box hard enough to stand shipping? I want to put a hat into it and ship it to somewhere else. Thank you!
Is the product durable? I plan on using it as a guide to lay my string lights on.
My kid's craft. 14 years old. Does this always need a plier? How much bending can be done by hand?
Is the product 110 ft long? The "Product Dimensions" state "0.7 x 1.4 x 4 inches" but the general description says "Offers 110 feet". I'm confused by the wording and the inconsistency. Thanks.
Packaging indicates they are all 22 gauge, but they are NOT..the wire is so thin on some of them that they are breaking...why the difference ?
Can i use these in gum paste flowers to insert in each part of the flower to make one ?
Are u provide international shipping?
Is the plastic material acetate?
Can this be cut with the Silhouette Cameo?
I'm planning to paint these w mirror paint to make an inexpensive wall mirror for my workout area. Seems like these will work. Any thoughts?
Can you stamp this material? If so, can you emboss it?
What color are these sheets? Clear or blue? They say "clear" but the picture looks blue.
Can you use it in a Sizzix die cut machine?
Will this mold well if I were to put it in the oven at a low temp?
Is it sturdy enough to use on the bottom of a reusable shopping bag to give more support to the bag and allow it to stand when empty?
Looking to use as an overlay on a printed checklist to make it reusable, but will be used by 3-5 year olds. Is it heavy? Durable?
Is this sturdy enough to use as "glass" in a homemade shadow box?
What paint colors does this come with? Whats a palette knife? What type of pencil comes with it (#2, #3, etc.)?
is it smaller than a binder?
can i use this on a concrete statue
Will this box hold bottles of paint once the tubes are used? Does it have preformed spaces? I can't tell in the picture.
Does it come with a easel? The description didn't mention one.
if i used this once a week, how long until i had to get more tubes of paint?
If out of stock.. when is is supposed to be available again?
is this set appropriate for a child?
what is 'heavy body' vs. 'light body' acrilic paints? Are they both suitable f/ paint by the numbers kits ?
does this item fold up to put away? What size would this item fold up to be?
What's the tilting mechanism like? Is it smooth and easy to adjust?
What are the dimensions of the pull-out center drawer? I want to know if it can fit my sketchbooks.
What is the weight limit on this table? I know it's glass, so it can't support a whole lot, but just curious.
Does this have a larger pencil drawer, separate from the plastic side drawers?
What is working surface height
Does the adjustable edge rest/railing go all the way flush with the top when not in use or does it still poke up a bit?
How do you convert this table into a light table? What is the light source? Natural? Artificial?
Is this desk easy to pick up and move around a room? I am debating between this desk and another that has wheels (designed by the same company).
Can you use a T-square or other tool on this table?
are there more colors to it like multiple of different colored pencils in the set
Excuse my ignorance but what is the mannequin for??
What are the kinds of pencils included? Are there 4H, HB, and 4B includd?
hello, could you please tell me the exact weight including mail package?
Is this appropriate for elementary school children? My son is seven and loves to draw, but I want to ensure this isn't too advanced for his age.
Is this ok for 13 yr old ?
would this be a good set to buy a 13 year old who draws during all her free time?
does the pencils are Prismacolor?
How big is the mannequin?
Is the sharpener metal?
Cricut Transfer tape- is it reusable? If you do not use this tape do you use another product?
How many sheets are in this? One place it says there are 4 sheets...another place it says there are 2 sheets. Thanks!
Is this the older transfer tape that is fairly opaque or is it the new style from Cricut that is clear?
Does this work good when doing a wet method application?
Would you say this is a high, medium or low tack tape?
ybw-b vs ybw-a: Can anybody tell me what's the difference between YBW-B and YBW-A ?
Is it possible to wind a hank without the swift attachment?? I see where someone asked but the answer isn't definite.
Does this work without a swift, or do I need to order one separately?
Has anyone attempted to fit 6 oz on this winder? If yes, please let me know how it went. If no, please don't respond. Thank you :)
What is the difference between model YBWA &amp; B hand operated ball winders and who is the manufacturer?
Will these hold a 150 lb mastiff?
how many pcs?
How much are these rated to hold?
anyone know if these are US or foreign manufactured?
Swivel?
can it be uses on mdf board
This is used on enamel paints ?
Is this just a clear crackle medium or is this a tinted glaze? I need a clear one so that I can apply my top coat afterwards.
Will this show up over white MDF or does it need a different color base coat?
What is the weight of the paper used? Is the paper friendly to fountain pen ink?
How many pages are in this journal?
Can more/new pages be added when the journal has been filled?
Can it be personalized?
Can the cutter cut at 45 degree
is there a size limit for the mats this kit can make?
Is this a "push" or a "pull" mat cutter ?
I have a different Logan cutting kit that came with straight and bevel cutters. Would I be able to use the straight cutter with this kit?
Is this a good kit for a novice mat cutter?
Are the blades for the bevel mat cutter and the mat knife the same? What is the part number for replacement blades for each?
Is this good to cut or trim cardstock?
Is there a limit to the thickness of the mat, this cutter can cut ?
Are these more like pastel sticks than pencils? Seems to be from the description. :-)
I am a charcoal and graphite artist and am looking to try color not ready to invest any suggestions?
are they made in USA
Can it be used as a desktop easel?
Can I use it flat for watercolors?
Ok,deep breath. Got the two front legs open . how do I get the back leg open???? The lack of instructions is very frustrating!!!!
Is this easel made in China?
Is it really made of bamboo?
Can the easel be used with the legs still folded up? On a table?
The weight is really 5 pounds?
The canvases I paint on are 36 inches x 48 inches. Will this easel hold a 36 inh canvas?
Can you use it on your skin to make body art?
Could I use this to paint on rocks?
Can it be used to draw on plastic like ps4 controller?
How fine is the tip? Can it be used for tiny detail?
Can these be used on glass and made permanent by baking? (so do not rub off at all)
can it be used on glass
Can it show up on black leather?
What are the measurements for this stamp?
What is size of image?
What size is it?
What is the size of this stamp?
Are the dimensions of the wood are the actual stamping dimension? Thanks for your help!
Would a stamp 2 1/4 inches wide fit within the jar stamp? I want to make it look like a brain floating in a jar and the brain is 2.25" wide.
What is the size?
How many photos do each of the 12 inner containers hold? I've seen reviews that state anywhere from 20 to 100.
Are these moisture proof?
Is the clear plastic or opaque?
Do the photos stick in these boxes stick together if nothing is placed between them?
Does the lid come off or is it hinged?
Would there be room at the top of the box if I wanted to add dividers with a small tabs to write on...about 1/2 or 1" tall?
I laminate my photos, will the individual boxes hold 6.5 x 4.5 photos
Is this product attractive from both sides? I want to use it for the window in our front door. Thanks.
The dimensions given are 24.5 x 2.6 x 2.4 inches. How did you cover your windows, etc.? Did you go strip by strip?
Will it work if I cut the film in smaller rectangles for French doors or does the adhesion only work for larger areas? Thank you.
Does this product reduce sun glare for anybody? I already have privacy glass but the morning sun is brutal.
I plan on using this product to cover wall to ceiling mirrors in the bedrooms. Will this product perform the same as on glass?
I want to use this in the winter, but remove in summer. Can it then be reapplied, or only used once?
Can this be used on double pained, hurricane glass windows?
How does it stay on the glass?
Does the backing paper have a grid pattern so it is easy to cut in a straight line?
can you paint on this paper?
How do you attach to a wall?
I want to use this as a mirror, not a centerpiece. How is the quality? Any 'fun house mirror' warping with it?
Would this be appropriate for a shower? Is the backing waterproof or paper/cardboard?
Can you combine shipping if I order 60?
Are the edges sharp, or are they polished?
If I order 12 of these mirrors in one order am I charged $8.03 for each mirror or just a total of $8.03
is this leather/suede strong? strong enough not to snap it if it catches on something? Can you easily snap it by hand - pulling it apart?
what is "split suede"?
how is lace different from cord?
How long should I microwave this if I have a 1000W microwave? It seems no matter how long I do, the glass either won't fuse or breaks.
I saw a youtube video that said you can't use your microwave for cooking food after you fuse glass! Is that true????
what are the INTERNAL measurements of this kiln? In other words what is the largest size of any pieces you can make?
What wattage microwave is required for use with the Fuseworks Beginners Fusing Kit
Does anyone know if I can use a mold inside this microwave kiln?
Hi what is the difference between the fuseworks microwave kiln kit and the fuseworks beginners fusing kit. I live in Australia an buying both?buyi
Hi what is the difference between the fuseworks microwave kiln kit and the fuseworks beginners fusing kit. I live in Australia thought I'de get both ??? Thanks,
what type of microwave is recommended? the instructions say to use one that isn't lined with plastic.
If I have my own Coe 90 glass, can I use it or does it have to be a certain type of "fusework" glass only?
I cant get the glass to even fuse what in the world am I doing wrong??
What is the measurement of largest size canvas this fits on this easel ?
Is this an ideal desktop for sketching?
could a tripod mount be attached to the bottom
Would this make a good portable desk to do homework on?
how high is the bottom half? I know the overall height is 4"
I sit on a sofa, reclined with my legs up. Would this easel work in this way?
does anyone know where it is made? thank you!
is it substantial enough for hours a day use?...my room is so small and I need something to hold up the canvases at times. Use Gorilla stretchers
can i put stretched canvas on this easel?
size
What is the seat/bench height on this product? My little girl is kinda short.
No, seriously: what is the height of the seat?
What is the exact size of table top and benches re Little Tikes adjust 'n' draw for $49.95 ?
Will these needles work with the Tandy Lockstitch awl?
Would this work with repairing picked threads in a rug...could you thread the strand and push it back through?
How long are the needles?
I want to hem my husband's lined jeans - what is the best size needle and thread to use with the awl?
How large is the needle diameter where it fits into awl? Mine is off-brand with a 1/8" diameter, &amp; is round. Conflicting answers last time was asked.
Where can I buy the fine thread for the small #4 needle?
What is the size of the three needles? #3, #4, #6?
Is the smaller #4 needle included in this set?
What size needles are included in this 3pk? Is a #4 small needle included?
Country of manufacture?
do they work on brother machine
does this needle have a flat side, that is what my kenmore machine takes
Do these needles work on Pfaff sewing machines? (Please DON'T answer if you don't know - it's actually not helpful if you don't know).
What sizes of needles are included?
Can anyone recomend a similar set of needels that don't have the flat side at the top ?
Do these needles work in Baby Lock sewing machines?
Do the needles work on Euro Pro machine?
Do these needles work on a Bernina machine?
Do these needles fit the Brother XL-2600i sewing machine?
will it fit a Kenmore sewing machine?
Are these 37ml?
Would you List the colors included in the box?
What size are the tubes of paint?
colors in set - or can they be selected ?
What colors are included?
what is the name of non-odorous oil paint? I live in an apartment and can't have strong odors. Need to be reasonable price.
Does it say where these are manufactured on the packaging?
What size is the included brush? small? medium? large?
Is this brand for professionals or for kids?
Can you leave these in the car at all times without it melting? I'm looking to leave a set in the car for impulse painting
I lost the brush on a trip. Had used my set just once. Anyone know what specific brush goes with this set that I can order separately to replace it?
I love this new kit I got, but I am already wondering about replacement. If you can't replace the cakes, can't the whole inner tray be replaced?
Is the case air tight?
How do you use the waterbrush, can it be used for different colors without cleaning between?
What brand would you consider a set for a professional artist?
how is the color fastness, do you find if you frame your paintings they fade quickly?
can anyone tell me what you use the sponges for
Does anyone know what the best wick would be for this product
Would this wax work well for melts?
Is this 100% soy wax?
is it pure soy wax or are there any additives?
What color is the product?
Any fragrance or additives in the wax?
can this be used to make pillars or only container candles?
It did not answer my question -- if I buy not 10 lb but 20 lb,would I pay 1 shipping price of 13.85 or would I be charged 27 USD?
can you combine shipping?
Has anyone worked with paraffin wax making candles?I get an average burn time of about 80 hours for an 8"tall by3"diameter,is this comparable?
Will these wicks give off a black soot when lit?
I am working with jar candles and with soy wax will these wick work for both?
Are these wicks lead-free?
I just need clarification. "6-inch: 8 dozen wicks." I read that as 96 wicks are in this package for $7.08? Thanks.
Do these wicks have centerers attached to them?
What is the ideal container size when using these wicks with paraffin? What is the minimum diameter container I could use? What is the maximum?
After reading reviews,i am curious,These wicks are Not for Soy Wax????I ordered them for soy wax!!!I also see they don't stay lit? I am hoping when they arrive with my Soy candle making kit,i am able to use them.Has anyone had Success with these using...
Has anyone burned these with paraffin wax? If so, are they still low smoke?
How many wicks do you get for $6.28
Are these wicks large and pre-waxed?
does it come with the scissors with it
Does anybody know if these are sharp enough to cut through fleece? Our kids will be cutting 2-3 in. strips (fringes) into the edge of scarves. Thanks!
Are these scissors large enough for middle school aged students or are they elementary sized? (I am looking at the pointed version.)
Is it pre-waxed??
What material is this wick made of? I'd like to know if it's cotton and/or lead free?
wat wick do I use in a gell candle iv triad lots and non of them a good they burn and let smoke of them
Is the wicking coated with anything? I want to use it for wicking plants.
Do you have to coat the wick in wax or is it ready to burn once placed in the candle?
Can this wick be used for oil lamps?
Wha6t is the width of these wicks? I want to use them for Tiki lamps
Could i use this in a zippo lighter?
wat wick do I use in a gell candle iv triad lots and non of them a good they burn and let smoke of them
Is this a lead-free wick? I am curious to know if this is a lead-free wick?
How well do they erase on newsprint, like for my daily paper crossword mistakes???
Can this eraser be used on ink?
Why smaller ones are more expensive? Are they better?
Has anyone else had these turn "gooey" after opening them and storing them with pencils?
Does this eraser remove colored pencil?
Is this product made in Japan?
Is there a big difference in size comparing the small and large erasers?
Is this product lead-free (metal) not graphite)
what are the dimensions: 7.2" in length?
How long must I wait to remove pieces from kiln and fire again? Teaching a class and need quick turnaround. How many pieces fit in the Large Kiln?
Does this kit include anything to it like the beginner kit or is it just the kiln?
What is the difference in the beginner's microwave kiln and the beginners fusing kit with microwave kiln... is it ithe same kiln in both.
CAN YOU FIRE METAL CLAY IN THIS UNIT?
what kind of microwave is best?
Can you fuse any type of glass in this kiln? I have unlimited access to stained glass and would like to use the free glass pieces if it works!
Hi, how hot does this get? I was hoping to use it to make HTSCs and need 1050C max.
Will it harm the microwave?
how does it work? What temperature does it achieve?
Can I use 96 glass?
Has anyone tried using this on a mirror? Do they work and wipe off a mirror easily?
Will these markers wash off of plexiglass?
I want to use them on car windows also... are they bright? like when you team sports teams going to championships... Do these look the same?
I want to write on my car windows. Will these wipe off easily?
Do they wash off other surfaces as well or just windows?
Where are these made?
These crayons come off the window just fine, however it stained my white metal frame around the door! Anyone have any idea how to get it off?
Can you mix these colors together to make orange, purple, etc?
How wide is the writing tip on these Crayola Window Crayons? Is it a chisel tip or round tip? Thanks!
can i use this to decorate friends windows on car?
Is this the stuff you use in tie down strapes?
After you cut this webbing, will the end of webbing fray and fall apart? Does it need to be sewn back onto itself? Ends melted to seal cut site?
What is the difference between polypro and nylon? I'm looking for elastic webbing the same as used in messenger bags with parachute closures. I
How do I request a roll without splices? I don't see a comment section on the order portion of Amazon.
Do you carry 2" tension locks? Also, do you know if sliders will do the same from strap adjustments that tension locks can? Meaning to adjust a strap.
Do you carry this in gray or white/
I am building a floating dock and need something to fasten the barrels to the wood. Will this work? Some of it will be submerged. If not, what do you
Is this webbing soft? I want to use it for a sling, so it will be crossing my neck and shoulders.
Is this stuff strong enough to use for a dog leash? I know they rate its stregth in pounds, but i dont know how hard a dog pulls...
What kind of wax is it? - paraffin, soy, or? What is it best suited for - intended purpose?
How much does this weigh?
How much is each slab in weight and how many slabs come in one order ?
What is the difference between soy and paraffin? Which gives better results?
Is this wax for pillars, containers, votives........???
how many pounds are in this picture?
how many mason jars can i fill with a 5 pound bag of wax?
How many melted oz per pound?
Is this unscented?
Does this wax exhibit minimal frosting and wet spots?
Are these wax flakes or pellets?
can i use it in my diy makeup projects?
How much wax would I need to microwave at a time for a 16oz or 32oz jar? Also, how much sent should I add to make it nice and smelly?
Can I microwave the wax on small amounts? let say just enough to make a small candle?
what is 444 wax
is it scent free
how many wicks included in this order, how many is 8 dozen?
how long are the wicks?
For those who have used this with soy wax, what diameter container do these wicks work well in?
Are they great for soy candles?
what is the length of these wicks...6"?
what color is this wax?
For this wax, what is the temperature that you can add the scent and dye and at what temperature should you pour into the jar?
Is this a Golden Brands product?
Does it melt like flaked soy way
what brand of wax is this?
does this work for pilar candles, ones poured in molds rather than jars?
I am looking to make pillar candles with children. Will this work and if so how many small pillar candles can be made with 10 lbs.
The picture says 1 pound. The shipping weight says 7 pounds. The item description is 10 pounds. How many pounds is this product supposed to be? Thanks
I am using 14oz glass containers and am wondering what the ratio for wax is. I have 12 of these so how much wax would I be looking to buy?
country of origin?
Is this product made in the USA?
Can you microwave it
Is this wax ok to use for glass containers and essential oils?
Is this cosmetic grade soy wax?
Can you use this for a paraffin wax bath?
Can anyone tell me about how many candles you can make from this bag and what size? Thanks!
what's the warranty period of this product?
How does it mount on the back. How big is the screw hole for mounting on a wall?
searched atomic clock &amp; this showed up. says nothing about being an atomic clock. is it &amp; does it have settings for the different time zones &amp; dst
is this water resistant? Looking for one that won't go bad in a bathroom with steam from shower use.
It's hard to tell by the picture but is the clock face white or silver/gray in color?
Is silver finish brushed, satin or polished?
aluminum
What's the size of this clock?
Does the paper backing on this allow for leaving the backing on for awhile before sticking something to it by removing the backing at that point?
Can I use it on window to hang led lights?
How thick is this tape? Is it about the thickness of regular Scotch double sided tape or does it have a foam backing that would make it thicker?
Is it thick enough for example butterflies to stand up not flat? Like there in flight!
Would this tape work to secure an 1/8-inch piece of foam filter against the outside of a HVAC vent, or would it not have enough holding power?
Will 7/16" bobbins fit in these boxes, please?
what are the dimensions
Does it work for industrial sewing machine bobbins, like Juki ?Or only for home ones?
Are these bobbin organizers stackable?
My bobbins are for a Bernina 710. They are 1" high when sitting on the side. Will these boxes close with a 710 bobbin in them/
All the Q &amp; A are helpful. I wonder about the box. Does the lid latch click closed? If box is tipped upside-down will there be a mess to cleanup?
i did not get a direct answer. i need to know if a 1" bobbin sitting on it's side will fit in these boxes?
Are these the boxes that are pictured on amazon website?
Will these fit metal Bernina bobbins?
I see there are several reviews stating they only received ONE box. Please clarify if this purchase includes one box or two.
Please can you tell me the dimensions of each face? Thanks
Dimensions of largest 4 molds in this set of twelve molds?
Does ANYONE know of a maker who makes similar arms and legs, preferably articulated, that would work with these faces?
I own a Janome horizon 7700. Will this regulator work with this machine
I have a new quilting frame and brother pq1500. is this compatile?
will this work on a tin lizzie 18" long arm
I have a Hinterberg frame set up with a PCQuilter platform - will the Grace Sure Stitch Regulator work on the PCQuilter platform?
I am trying to purchase a stitch regulator for my Juki 2000 Qi and I have a Hinterber Original Frame. Will this work for me?
does a stitch regulator work if you are doing free motion quilting and the machine is just sitting on the desk?
If I use Gracie frame and regulator, how difficult is it to disconnect my sewing machine for use on other projects?
After you remove the paper, is the tape clear? I am planning to make a coffee table out of glass rectangles. Would this be a suitable product?
Does this work well on translucent vellum?
Can it be used for taping ribbon to plastic headbands?
I want to attach soundproofing 12x12 inch foam tiles to a wall. How well would this do the job?
Would this stick well to corkboard? Since cork is more porous, I know some products can't grab on that well
Has anyone used this with glitter? Mainly course glitter and does it give good coverage?
Are both sides of the tape covered with a paper or wax material? I don't want a sticky side before I use it. I need to cut it into strips before hand.
How does this tape hold up to moisture? For instance, as when applying paint or sealant. Is it suitable for adhering chipboard to MDF?
When I get ready to remove my 3- d tiles will this damage the sheet rock? Thank you,matt
Has anyone used this tape to fix a hem? Wondering if it can go through a wash and still hold.
would it work well for putting a woven sports patch on a jacket?
Will it bond fabric to leather?
Will it work to mend cracked and peeling leather?
Poked a small hole in a leather chair. Will this product help hide the hole?
What color is this product when finished drying? Black? Tan? White?
Can I glue lace on patent leather shoes with this?
I have a hole in a pair of winter polyester gloves. Will this product mend a hole on these?
The stitching popped on the armpit of my leather jacket, will this help repair it or will it probably come undone again?
does it dry clear or black?
Is the adhesion very strong when used to bond leather on leather?
Does it brighten the fabric?
what guaranty does stain?guard give if their product fails to clean the stains which they promise to do
Is this safe for a couch with "S" cleaning instructions?
Are the overly positive reviews fake since it made new stains on in my car?
How do I use this product, do I have to scrub or can I just spray, let dry and vacuum ? I use covers over my furniture so real stain removal is not an issue, with arthritis ease is very important to me.
can this clean a mattress?
My husband Kerry Rice ordered this for me and my package arrived today. Do you have a conversion chart for your colors vs Brother?
Who is the manufacturer of this thread? Is it Embroidex? Does it have a comparible brand color chart? Like Marathon or Maidera?
how many yards are on each spool?
I recently purchased a Singer XL-550 and wanted to know if this embroidery thread will work with my machine?
What brand of thread is this?
does the tread come on a cone or just a small spool?
Where is the thread starting point, I can't find the thread end to start using it
Is the thread wound clockwise or counter-clockwise?
What kind of thread for cotton
I have a Pfaff Creative 3.0. The big spools won't fit. How tall is this spool? Will it fit on a traditional, home embroidery machine.
I was wondering if this thread can be used for normal, everyday sewing? I have a Singer 160.
do these colors have numbers that match the brother color chart
I am new to this new hobby. Will these threads fit the Brother SE-400?
How many square feet are in the 24 molds?
what are the dimensions of the molds? I want to build a dry stacked raised garden bed, and I need to know how wide the finished pieces are
How do you color the end product? Do you paint it?
So is this for 24 single molds or 24 sheets of molds (like in the picture)?
Where can I read more about the process?
If cast out of plaster how can they be adhered to interior wall substrate? Is there a way to seal plaster ones to keep out moisture?
For colors of brown, tan, etc., do you need white concrete or the regular gray to start with?
How many inches long would you say the range of the finished "rocks" are??
What brand of mortar mix should I use? I was looking at QUIKRETE 80-lbs Gray Mortar Repair Mix. Will that work?
what colors does this set include? thank you!
What size is the Multiliner pen? I have a 0.5 Copic multiliner pen and I was wondering if the one that came with this set was the same size.
What type of tip do the Ciao manga set have? Is it a dual tip like the regular Copic markers?
Hi, how thick is the thread, I am looking for thickness #80. Also, is the thread is soft, who'd it scratch the skin on a rolled edge?
Can this thread be used for hand embroidery?
How tall are the spools?
I see that a couple other reviewers are having trouble with the thread breaking. I am too. Any advice?
What are the washing instructions? Can this be placed in a washing machine &amp; dryer?
What are the colors that it comes with? I'm after a chocolate brown and the bottom 4 colors are hard to see.
can these be used on all sewing machines? or do you recommend another type of thread?
Are the spools made of plastic? I need the spools for a science class.
Is this thread suitable for sewing by hand?
The heading reads 200 yards of thread each spool. The details say each spool only has 150 yards. Which one is correct?
Why is thread NOT listed for its SIZE?, Size 40 (large), size 50 (regular) and size 60 (fine) WHY do sellers list their postings WITHOUT telling the thread SIZE?
Is it cotton or polyester? and which one is better for sewing mahine?
How many jars do you get in an order?? thanks. I'm Using for cleaning paint brushes :)
Works for makeup brushes? Safe?
What is the scent? Is it artificial?
Is this effective and safer for cleaning dirty brushes used for oil painting?
Does this work for latex paint?
does this work for nail brushes?
Can I use different brand airbrushes with this compressor?
I cant get the regulator to go on straight like the picture...it stops right before. Any ideas?
Could this be used for airbrush makeup applications?
will it spray polyurethane (waterbed)
how well will the gun stand up to car paint? I've been painting for several years and have went through alot of guns because the car paint is to much
How long can I use this before it begins over-heating? I'm wanting to use to bodypaint ..... Thanks :)
Is it much trouble to change colors?
I just purchased this.The compressor seems to work but there is no airflow to the tube/brush. Defective or am I doing something wrong?
is the compressor really quiet or is it loud. on a scale of 1-10, 1 being really quiet 10 being really loud. please and thank you.
What size needles does it come with?
what is the largest letter i can monogram with the very large hoop
If I have an SE400, does the machine recognize the larger hoop? Or do I have to arrange my design as needed and this just skips re-hooping?
I would like to know if this hoop is made of strong plastic just like the brother 4x4 hoop? I don't want a cheap off brand hoop.
Is this a "Brothers" brand Hoop? will it work with my SE400 seems to be some question about that?
I have an Innovis 12500 will this work ?
Will this hoop fit on the PE 500?
The title says this is SA434 4"by-6 3/4" Details say Product Dimensions: 11.8 x 7.6 x 0.9 " Description says it fits Pe770 &amp; not PE500 which is it?
will this work on the 6800?
Who has the 4" x 6 3/4" machine embroidery hoop &amp; their instructions that came with it?
Can you embroider large items with this hoop
Does this cleaner remove "ear crud" from earrings? The free stuff from the jewelry store doesn't cut it!
Is this safe for CZ diamonds? (mounted in white gold ring band)
It says its safe for all jewelry. Can it be used with pearls, opals
Is it safe for costume or fashion jewelry?
Does this work for both silver and gold? My engagement ring is silver, and my wedding band is gold...
Will it work to repair Muck boots?
Assuming the the top is closed properly, does it dry out if used infrequently?
I want to add a patch on a rip in my bathing suit. Will this work?
Is this thick like school glue or watery and runny?
Can you sew through the glue when it has dried?
Will this work to repair a tear on a silk pillow?
Will it work to repair fabric sofa tear?
I used this to adhere fabric patches on to leather and on first wearing the patches started to come loose. What did I do wrong?
I want to use this to repair faux leather, the foot rest of a recliner. Will this work? Will it dry hard? Uncomfortable?
This is listed with serger machine. Is this good for a serger?
I cannot see listed the width/thickness size of the thread--usualy 30,40,50? can you give me this information?
Does it have a start thread on it? I had ordered some that was spun like this on the tube and i could never find the start thread
Does this thread work on a Singer machine? We are contemplating buying a sewing machine that also embroiders, and I am looking at thread, too.
hi is this thread for regular sewing on a machine or hand...clothes buttons etc...not just for embroidery?
Can I use these on a Singer Serger (3-4 thread differential feed). Can I take the spool holder off the serger? Will I need another adapter?
Does anyone know the weight?
Is the thread thick enough to use when crocheting with a small hook?
Just hfow big are these spools? I don't see an actual size dimension in the description. Lots of reviews say they are smaller then expected?
I have a juki home machine I`m concerned that this thread requires a special holder will my horizontal thread holder work on this?
Will these bobbins work on The Diamond Deluxe by Viking?
Will the bobbins work in my Janome Horizon embroidery machine.
can you use these bobbins for machine quilting
will these bobbins work for the Brother PC 8500
Will these bobbins work on my babylock ellegante 3? Thanks
Will these work in my Husqvarna Viking Designer Diamond machine?
Has anyone used these in a Pfaff machine?
Will these work with the Pfaff Creative Vision?
will they fit the brother innovis 2500D
do these work in a janome MC 9900 it has a size 15 bobbin?
60" wide? $2.64 is for how long of a piece? If I need several yards, is it $2.64 a yard?
The 3 fabrics that it shows that are bought together - this seems to be the Elsa package - as in the Queen Elsa from the movie Frozen. Is this correc
Is it stretchy?
How wide is the fabric?
If I buy a larger amount of footage will all of the fabric be together? Let's say I need a piece of fabric 3 ft by 9 ft and I buy three yards, will it all be one piece?
If I buy a larger ammount of footage will all of the fabric be together? Let's say I need a piece of fabric 3 ft by 9 ft and I buy three yards, will i
So if I buy a unit of 1, that just means one yard of fabric?
How far apart are the pegs? How far do they stick out from the rack (how long are they)?
i am confused you stated the distance between pegs is 1 5/8" from center to center in first answer and distance in second is 3"?
what is the distance between pegs?
Will this hold 5000 yd spools?
How much space is between pegs (from center of one peg to center of the next?)
My grandson's head is bigger than average, and the green loom is too small. I think the yellow one is too big, so which loom do I need?
Can an eight year old handle this?
how many pegs are on the loom?
Loom compared: Can anyone tell me if this is similar to the Kniffty yellow loom?
does this fit a SE-400?
Is it possible to purchase only the inner portion of the hoop?
Does this hoop work with the PE-770 machine?
What hoop fits SQ9050 ?
Does it fit a 1250D machine?
is this for flat back rhinestones or the ones with prongs
can you apply teardrop and large eye shaped stones or just round ones
can this be used to add sequins or just rhinestones
do you have a problem burning the material if the iron is kept on too long?
None of the crystals are labeled with a size. I got 3 mm black crystals and 3 mm clear crystals, the larger crystals are not labeled
Can you use this on metal?
will these bobbins fit singer professional #9100
Do these bobbins fit the singer heavy duty 4423 machine?
Does this fit Singer Stylist model 7258?
WILL THE BOBBIN 15J FIT MY SINGER ATHENA 2000
Will this fit in singer promise ii 1512
If they will fit an 1144 singer sewing machine?
will this 15J fit my 4411
Does this bobbin fit my CG 590 C sewing machine?
will it fit the model 2010 singer superb?
15 j bobbins fit model 9340 singer machine
How to make a rolled hem?
Do these take standard sewing machine needles?
I bought this a year ago and having trouble threading it please help
Does any kind of kit come with machine, model 3434D
Does this machine have a free arm function?
Could someone tell me the diameter of the openning for the cup holder?
Can you please tell me what the shipping of this item would be, if you shipped it to SLC, UT?
Can you take the trash can part off completely? Even the metal part that is connected to the cup holder?
Can the metal ring that holds the scrap bag be removed?
Does the cup holder open for the handle on both sides for right and left handed use? Some reviews say holder opens only on one side.
does this hold beer cans good
can you take the trash can off
will this hold beer cans?
Is the trash bag washable?
I have the holder but not the bag. Can we purchase just the bag somewhere?
I have a Juki MO734DE serger will this case fit this machine properly?
will it fit a Brother Model 1034D
Hi - model # is 850SCH measurements are 13"L x 11-1/2"W x 10-3/4"H - kindly advise if the this machine would fit. Thx!
Will the case fit a Janome 7933 overlock serger?
Will this fit a SINGER 14SH654 Finishing Touch Sewing Machine and also a Pfaff Hobbylock 4764?
i have a Juki MO-654DE Pearl Series Serger With Free will this case fit for this machine?
How wide of bias tape will it sew?
Will this work with a Singer Athena machine?
Does this attachment work on brotherSQ9185?
where can i find the instructions on how to use this foot
Are there anhy binders that will work on a Singer 500A?
Will this fit a Bernina 200 or 830 machine?
DOES THIS WORK FOR A DS VIKING?
Will this foot work on my Singer Merrit 3014?
Can i use to machine singer 875?
will this fit a Juki TL2000
Can this be used as a primer to transfer inkjet photos to tiles or glass?
Does this dry matte or glossy? Canit also be used as a sealer/varnish? TIA!
I am painting on foam board for a vacation Bible school project. Will this gesso work on foamboard and with acrylic paint?
Since canvas boards are gessoed, can an acrylic color be added 2 this &amp; when dry still paint with oil paint? A beginner's question :) Thanks
I need to seal a book cover. I am looking for something that is clear, not tacky and has minimal brush strokes. Will this work or something else?
is this archival/pH neutral?
Can this be used to decoupage book pages to an unfinished wooden bookshelf?
Is this Embroidex Thread?
Who is the manufacturer of this thread? and do you have a color chart?
I would like to know the spool size. I already bought the 100 thread as a gift along with a 120 spindle rack, but the spools do not fit.
does anyone know if this product is suitable for sealing water-slide decals? if not, could you point me to a good product?
Will it be very smooth for the surface after I use? thanks
Description says this can be sprayed - does it need to be thinned first, and what would you thin it with? Thanks all.
Can it be used on acrylic pen-paint used of wood? Will it work?
Can this work over enamel paint?
will this work on Brother SE 400?
Will it work on a Brother X 1355 machine?
I have a new CS600 is this the appropriate foot?
Does this come with the guide or do I need to buy that separately?
What is the difference between this item (open toe wf) and the walking foot? Thanks
My wife needs a walking foot for her Brother LX-3125 for quilting. Will this one work?
Does this work with Brother HC 1850
will this fit brothers1250d
My Brother CS 6000i manual says not to backstitch with the walking foot. How do I secure the stitch for my stitch in the ditch part of the quilt?
Will it work for a Brother XL3750?
Will this foot fit the SE400?
Will this foot fit a Brother XR9500PRW machine?
will this fit A brothers cs6000i machine
will this foot fit my brother sq9050?
will this fit Brother PQ1500
Will this fit the Brother Innovis NS40 Project Runway machine?
Will it work on a Brother Innov-is 40e?
What is the difference between the SA187 and the SA188? I am looking to purchase the SE400 for quilting &amp; want to buy the most appropriate accessory
Will this fit a Baby Lock elegante.
Will this fit brother EX 660?
so this foot does the work of an actual serger machine?
Does this foot work on the 1034D (Brother Babylock?) machine?
what type foot would i need for my machine to be a serger?
Is this for a sewing machine or just for a serger
Will this foot work on Baby Lock imagine serger??
will this work on the Brother 5234 prw?
Does this do narrow hem? From what I've read, it may not do all types of fabric....such as slippery chiffon. Is this true?
would this work with Brother Cover Stitch 2340 CV?
What are the 3 different hem depths that this set can create?
will it work with the SE400?
Which model of Brother sewing machine can be used with this feet? Kind regards
will this work on singer low shank sewing machines
My Brother sc9500 has snap on feet; it has 7 mm feed dogs and a maximum 7mm wide stitch. Would this work with the Brother sc9500?
Does it fit on a JS1400 brother sewing machine?
I need the height of the shank please. If you could measure from the flat of the table to the opening of the hole where it will attach to the machine
Can I use this foot with brother HC 1850?
Brother XL2600i walking foot? What is the correct walking foot for my Brother XL2600i?
What is the correct walking foot for Brother XR 1355 machine?
What walking foot should I get for my new SE 400 machine? Any suggestions?
Brother cs6000i walking foot? What is the correct walking foot fot my cs6000i?
Does this walking foot fit the Brother ce4000?
does it fit a brother SC9500?
Will this walking foot #SA107 work with my Brother Sewing machine #XL5340?
How thick of a quilt can you sew with this foot? In other words, how much batting can you use?
Can I use Brother Walking Foot SA107 for Brother VX-1435, is there an screw more larger to put on the part like an U ? Thanks for your help.
how do I attach it ?
Does this item come with the presser foot that is shown on your direct website but not here?
What is the wide of the tape you have to use? is it fixed?
can you use it on a normal sewing machine?
Will these blades fit directly in a Proxon MSG carver, or do you need an adapter?
will they work with Automach 100 crver?
Will these fit the Ryobi DC500 Detail Carver?
i have a BROTHER LS2250PRW will it fit?
Does Brother SA149 Picot Foot work with Singer 2263 machine?
does it work on Brother CS 6000
does it work on Brother CS6000?
Will it use stitches besides the zig-zag? Ex, Brother ES-400 has pretty "overcast" stitches. Thx.
SE400 Brother sewing machine: Does this foot also fit this machine?
I have a Brother XR9500PRW, has anyone tried this on that machine?
Does it work on Brother SM8270?
Does it work o Brother XR1355?
Does this work well with thick material or multiple layers of cotton? Sometimes I work with knit cotton two to four layers thick.
Will it work on a Brother Innovis Quattro 3
will it work on any low shank machine?
Will this work with a jx2517?
Can I use this on fabric for dressmaking, or is it too heavy/dark ?
Do you think this will work on rock. I need a way to trace picture onto granite.
Can I use this paper to transfer stained glass patterns to craft paper
does this work for glass
Can I use these to transfer designs to stamp rubber? I'm trying to find the best transfer medium for stamp-making. Thanks!
Is this paper inkjet friendly? Can I first print an image on to it then trace to transfer?
Can you reuse the paper?
Can this be used for transferring a pattern onto ceramic bisque?
where do I get the stencls
What is the best instrument to use to do the transfer to wood so as to not rip the original paper design; a dull point pencil?
Are these permanent markers?
I've had a problem with extra fine tip paint pens in the past. After the first couple of times they seem to leak or clog. Does this happen with these?
Would these show up well on a black matte canvas or craft board? TIA!
Would these work on metal? I am adding some color detail to a brass wall hanging.
Will these work on ceramic surfaces? I'm looking to use them on mugs/coasters.
What surfaces will these work on? Will they work on fabric, like on a backpack?
Is the color opaque or transparent?
Will you be replenishing your supply soon?
Are these acrylic paint markers?
How well do these work on wood? Longevity? I've got some small wood tiles Im gonna put small lines and line-drawings on (making a tile-based game).
How many sheets are in the package?
Is the weight of card stock or regular paper weight? Thanks!
is it double sided
Is this paper heavy enough to be used as a card or is it too thin? I don't want it to be for accents but as the card itself. Thanks...
I am looking for a cutting mat that does not have PVC/toxins. With this glass one, can I use exactos/ rotary cutters (using for book/leather making)?
What is this mat made from? Thank you.
Is the surface smooth enough to use with polymer clay projects?
What is the thickness of the glass? 1/8"? 1/4"? 1/2"?
The size listed seems very large (5mm is near a quarter inch, and if the hole is 1.5mm, it is going to slide off everything). Is this accurate?
Am I getting 100 backs with this order?
Do these just stay at the bottom of the hook like in the picture or do they slide further up the wire so they're more inconspicuous?
do these screw on and off to use for a small child or do they just slide on and off?
Which style is better, petal (like these), barrel, or clutch? Surely good reasons exist for having three different shapes, but what are they?
Shipping time?
Will these work for the click-top style of earring?
will these work on baby earrings
Could you use these for spacers if you have a thin lobe and need extra support, say, in between closure of a huggie earring?
Are these good for keeping a open ended hoop that rolls forward towards end of hoop end in place?
Can these be used on leverbacks?
Can there backs be used for 6-10MM Stud earrings??
Can you wear these not as safety backs but actual earring backs?
Will this make letters sized for school bulletin boards?
I got this cartridge to use with the blue Cuttlebug it since description said you could use it with all Cricut machines. Won't work with it, right?
What type of fonts does it have
Does it do shadowing
Does this one have little phrases too?
Does this die fit the baby accuquilt?
Is it possible to only cut out one of the sizes of circles by folding/arranging the fabric just right, or are you stuck with all 3 sizes each time?
Does this the Go Baby?
What size circles are these and do these fit the Accu Go or the new Go Big?
Does this work on paper as well? or just fabric?
Do Accu quilt dies work in the big shot?
Does this cut through synthetics like faux satin?
What size is the 3 circles on the go baby die I have the die with 4
Big Shot: Will this Accuquilt Circles die work in the Big Shot?
Will this die work on the Go Baby Accuquilt cutter?
does it work with the go baby?
does this work with the Go baby cutter
DOES THIS KIT COME WITH GLUE AND STONES?
Does this pick up and release the hotfix jewels?
Is this item useful to apply hotfix crystals on lycra fabric?
Can you tell me if these tips are beveled inwards or flat? I have see other tips that mimic the shape of the jewel to help hold crystals better.
Are the items machine washable after the jewels are applied. My friend and I want to bling up some shirts.
Does it heat to 750 degrees?
Is this tool able to apply hotfix crystals on lace?
Is this appropriate for a preteen to used? Does it heat up that hot?
Can someone tell me what the Hot Spot tip is used for?
Does it work on SS16 and SS10 swarovski crystals? thanks!
Are the strips cut straight grain or is the fabric placed at an angle on the bias. If material is folded how long is the strip, what size mat
Is this the newer version with angles marked?
are the accuquilt go dies compatable with the cuttlebug cutter
is this the same as the "Go! Fabric cutter"/
does this coming with a cutting mat?
Is this the version with two colors of foam to make it easier to see the cutting line?
Is this the new version with the angled cutting guide lines?
Is this the new version with angle lines on die?
my spools of ribbon are 4 to 5 inch tall, will they fit or do I have to remove them from the spool?
Is it possible to mount it on a wall or it just for a shelf storage?
Does it have slots for dispensing ribbons?
Does it come with dividers, if so how many
About how wide are the individual sections inside (for each spool)? Just trying to get a feel for how many I'd need to purchase to fit all my spools.
how does darice 2704-01 compare to kandi's crystal crafter
does this item get hot or would it be safe for a 9 year old to use
what size tips are included in this setter?
What size tips does the Kandi's Professional Touch Rhinestone Applicator come with?
where can you buy additional size headers for the tool? I can't find them anywhere!
Can you use the parallel pin plug with an adaptor in Australia or do you have to get a transformer?
Can the Kandi's Professional Touch be use to apply rhinestones to glass
Does this pick up and release the hotfix jewels? or how do you place the stones?
5" square die: What size cutting mat do you need to order for this die?
What size is the die itself?
is this cut 5-1/2 finished 5"
is this die compatible with the Go Baby? Can't see any info on description.
Will this die work in the Baby?
Is this a Rex machine? Also how much does the machine weigh? On the specs it says that it weighs 68.7 lbs but the shipping weight is 30.2.
I rec'd this machine as a Christmas gift from my hubby and I am thrilled. Can I use regular sewing machine oil?
Does this machine do well with all types of fabric? Light, Medium, and Heavy.
is there any difference between the blindstitch of this machine from the blindstitch foot of any home sewing machine? better?
does it come with the the leg feet lifter
does the machine where made ?
Having trouble with the foot pedal. I can't get it to run slow or smoothly. I barely touch the pedal and it runs away. How could I fix this?
I just purchased the Rex model# RX518 blindstitcher. Is there a manual to help thread this machine?
Does this machine sew the shoulder seams of sweat shirts - the kind that looks like over lock stitch?
Is there a certain brand or part number for replacement needles or are all curved needles interchangeable?
What size is the die that comes in this kit and what size are the cut pieces?
What size cutting mat comes with the Go
How long does the mat last? Also, are there any other additional parts or replacements needed as time and wear continue?
video
How does it cut through wool felt? Thank you
Is it 110 or can you run it on 220?
Are all Accuquilt Go Dies useable with this machine?
what is the difference between the accuquilt go and the accuquilt go baby?
Is it possible to design your own dies?
Can I cut dresdain plate
the description claims these are 3" long...how can that be? I am looking for tiny clips about 1/2' tall
Do you think these clips could grip and hold medium weight curtain panels on a traverse rod (2 panels, 10 clips for each panel)?
Do these clips have a little circle that they hang from? I want to string them on to a wire and then hang papers from them. Would they work for that?
Has anyone used with a wire or rod to hang posters, tickets, etc? If so, have the clips damaged the paper where the clamp holds on the paper?
how much weight can these clips hold?
My Mom is 89. She was once a remarkable seamstress, but can no longer grasp some simple concepts. Would this work for her for simple projects? Thanks.
Is this a good machine for beginners(6-7 year olds)?
What's the maximum maximun lenght stitch of this machine?
is this machine good for jeans? i do alot of jeans shortening.
The bobbin cover plate fell off and is lost. Where can I order a new plate to replace it?
what is the youngest childs age for this machine?
Does it have a stop/start button so I don't have to use the pedal?
What ages is this machine recommended for?
I am thinking about getting this little machine for sewing on paper or sewing paper to paper for greeting cards. Anyone tried this?
Can it sew bath towels where the stitched edge has worked loose and needs to be re-sewn.
Title description states 12x12 album, but product description says 8x8. What size scrapbook is this?
How many pages will this scrapbook hold?
how many pictures each page holds?
hello there, are the inside of the front cover and back lined with paper/cardboard or fabric? thank you for your time
Does it come in a nice matching box?
Is this a 12x12 or an 8x8 album, the description contradicts the title. Thanks
Will this work on a laser printer?
once you print a photo on these sheets, and it gets dirty after time, how do you wash it?
What printer settings do you use for paper type and quality (I have an epson photo printer)?
is the fabric white or ivory (muslin) in color. Does the bubble jet setter produce prevent the color from fading?
Does this work for 926 dell printer
Can these fabric sheets be ironed onto other fabrics before they are used on quilts, etc?
i am making quilts with photos and sewing squares together. I am wanting to print my photos on this fabric and using this as one of my squares..... can I do that with this product?
What kind of scotchguard would you use to keep the color from fading with washing?
I want to iron this onto a 100% polyester flag. Is there any problem with putting these on polyester?
Can this product be used on a color laser printer OKI MC361
I bought a 1 lb package from this same seller and it had an amazing aroma of honey. Would the 2 lb package be any different?
dear Sir or Maam, Would this be good to make a top bar hive starter? if not could you suggest something? I was going to melt it and make some starter
How many cups does 2 pounds have in it?
Is this USDA approved organic?
What caliber is this?
is this a .68 cal.
I ment no hopper or mask comes with this? And what size tanks?
What all comes with this that makes it 150?
Is this paper or actual canvas?
What printers will this paper work in? I tried it on my HP Inkjet printer and it would not accept the weight.
One reviewer suggested spraying print with polyurethane to keep the colors fresh and protected. Is this a good idea?
CAN I USE IT ON QUILTS IS IT WASHABLE
How many sheets are in this package?
What is the color?
Can this be used to transfer handwriting and drawing onto felt?
will this transfer patterns to painted surfaces artwork
Will this be suitable for transferring quilting patterns onto cotton fabric?
Will it leave graphite dirt on other parts of the paper while transfering? (I'm afraid watercolor can't be opaque enough to cover that)
Will this work on glass? I am trying to write on a mirror!
Can this be used for fabric?
Will this work on wood for doing pyrography work?
I'd like to know: 1) Do you draw something on the paper, stick on something, then your drawing is on the object? 2) Does this work on mugs?
Does this come in white?
How well does it round the plastic on laminated cards?
Can this cut chipboard?
Will this cut 18G Aluminum?
How can I contact the company for a replacement?
Will this cut 4-ply matboard?
How many layers of paper will it cut through? Will I be able to cut an entire notebook (about 20 pages) in one punch?
does it cut leather very well?
Does this match the corners on Project Life cards? I am not sure what size I need as there is a yellow one with different options as well. Thanks!
What thickness for leather will this work on?
How many card stocks can be cut at once?
I can't tell--is this 64 dollars for just ONE canvas?
Is this supposed to be 1 canvas or 6? Just ordered this and they sent 6 instead of the 1 I thought I was getting.
First, is the canvas mounted on a frame? If so, how deep is the frame when hung. Standard is 3/4 inch and "deep cradle" is about 1 1/2 inch deep.
Could you please tell me what type of wood is used?
How deep are the edges? I want deep enough so frame isn't needed
How deep are the edges? I want deep enough so frame isn't needed
Are the actual dimensions 24 in X 36 in?
depth of canvases?
how thick is the canvas?
How thick are these canvases?
Do you have 16" x 16"? I don't need the canvas, just 3 frames.
Does this canvas come with the frame also or is just a soft canvas with no frame?
Will this canvas work for a watercolor project?
the picture showing a different size and said pack of 5, 10? is it really in pack of 5 or 10? or just a wrong picture?
Are these actually gallery-wrapped (1.5 inch)?
how thick is the canvas edge?
Can you use these on chalk paint? Like a DIY Chalkboard?
Do they work on plastic( like an OXO Flour container)?
Anyone know if these will work on black Post-It notes?
Will these show up well on a black dry erase board?
Can you use these on a regular wall in your home? And would it damage the paint wiping off?
Can you use these on a metal chalkboard?
Once dry, if you were to bump the surface with, say your clothing, would it smudge onto your clothing?
Will these Chalk ink pens work on a traditional school black chalk board?
I have a black "whiteboard". Will these work on 1) a whiteboard surface and 2) will it stand out on a black background?
The tips are fraying extremely quickly, which is very disappointing. Is this supposed to happen?
can it be used for cosplay wings ?
Would this wire be strong enough to hold mason jar lanterns? Looking to mold it into hangers. Thanks for your help :)
if i wind two pieces together, how many times can it bend before it snaps?
how many times can it bend before snapping?
Would it be good for an rc Baja body
Will this wire be good for making lampshade frames?
is this strong enough to suspend action figures for stop motion?
What is the gauge of this wire? 20? 18? 26? Can it be used for jewelry?
What do you recommend using to cut this wire? Scissors? Fold it over itself several times until it breaks?
What weight does this thing support maximum ?
are these primed?
Has anyone used these with chalk or pastels? How do these hang on walls?
How thick are these?
do they hold up to wet on wet painting?
How do you hang these on the wall? do you have to frame them or can i simply put a command strip on the back
can I hang these up easily if I put a nail in a wall?
How thick is the wood on the back of the canvas?
I am hosting an Art Party for my daughter's 5th birthday. Would these be better then the traditional canvas' ?
Do you need to apply gesso to these prior to painting with acrylics?
I have these and I have painted a few paintings I would like to hang without a frame. Does anyone have ideas?
Will these work decently with oil paints? (If not, any recommendations?)
Can you cut these canvas? If so, how do you recommend to do it?
quality
How would these do to put wall decals on... My daughters room is textured and we are looking to put them on canvas.
Would these be advised for wall art? what is the frame like?
Have you noticed any warping of the board ... meaning that the board tends to curve instead of remaining perfectly straight?
Do you have 16" x 16"? I don't need the canvas, just 3 frames.
Does this canvas come with the frame also or is just a soft canvas with no frame?
Will this canvas work for a watercolor project?
the picture showing a different size and said pack of 5, 10? is it really in pack of 5 or 10? or just a wrong picture?
Are these actually gallery-wrapped (1.5 inch)?
how thick is the canvas edge?
What is the size of the included screen?
Is the screen re-useable?
Does the screen printing kit include the piece that you fill up to release an exact amount of emulsion evenly?
Approximately how many shirts can you print with this kit?
Can this be used on dark color fabric?
If I use a different ink, can I use this screen kit to print designs on paper? I did silkscreen as a kid and I loved it, your advice is appreciated th
What ink colors does this come with? It says red, yellow, and black in the description but has blue, red, and black in the picture?
but whats the mesh??
Besides purchasing transparency film for laser printer, is there anything else I'll need outside of this kit to print a small black design on fabric?
send to Spain?
Would this be good for painting with a stencil on a metal or wooden surface?
I recently read that cheaper tubes of paint usually contain less pigment. How's the opacity of this brand?
Anyone tried using this to paint plastic pieces (minis)? Watering it down a bit first of course.
Good for Miniature Painting?
Will this work on paper mache?
Will this work for clay art?
Are these heavy body?
can this paint be used on shower curtain??
I can not purchase this item. When I place in my cart, I get the message that it can not be shipped out of US etc....I live in Montana...which last
what is largest canvas size?
Can I use this for watercolor painting?
How tall is the easel height length and width?
what is the inside dimentions of the drawer? Will it hold 12" x 18" sheets?
I will use this indoors- is it unstable on a level surface? I am in wheelchair, will it be more stable in a less than full hight position?
how much does this weigh?
What is the measurement of just the wood box easel part of it when closed?
is this a plein air easel
What are the easel's dimensions, both folded and extended?
what is the weight?
On the picture for this set, it says "professional" acrylic. Is that what the tubes will say in the set I am considering ordering? Thanks.
Is this product exactly as pictured - "Liquitex Heavy Body" or is this misleading?
The image shows that the order will include 12 tubes, each having 2 oz. of paint. Is that indeed what comes with the order? Some people have comment
It says this measures 20x27; Is that in inches or centimeters?
How thick are these sheets
How reflective is this? Does it blur the reflection or is it close to a mirror?
Can you see through the reverse side? I'd like a one-way mirror-type effect.
is this material matallized on both sides?
How does this product hold up to heat?
How strong is the adhesive backing (on plastic), and how weatherproof/heat resistant is this? Any idea how long this might last outdoors?
Did you pay their $70 shipping charge for this?
Can this be used as mirror?
Does this reflect the same way as a normal mirror?
Can you emboss these with a Cuttlebug?
I am looking for a product to attach to a gift box as a see through window. I want something that is transparent, can be cut with scissors or an exacto blade, is rigid but still bendable. Will this item in this thickness work?
i am looking for light gray mylar that will adhere to my lcd screen on my camera. do you have it?
Can I use the Grafix clear to cover an embroidery that will be placed in the lower section of a trivit frame?
I am looking specifically for mylar sheets to use for applique shapes for quilting. I will need to iron on it. Is this good.
Do these sheets have a protective liner/seal that you peel off before use?
Which thickness would be best to "hold" my clear stamps? Someone else said that the thickness she bought was way too flimsy to hold her stamps.
Wondering if these would be the right product (esp thickness) for a map overlay project for my kids, ages 10 and up?
I am making a replica of my childhood house. I need something to use for window panes. will this work and what thickness would be be best? size 2x3.
I am looking to make a stencil that will bend around steel tubes 1"-3" in diameter. How well does this film bend?
I never tried this paper before and was wondering ...is there a certain side of the paper to better draw (Markers) on ?
will this paper work with my inkjet printer?
Can I mix watercolors on this, then wipe them off when I'm done (and reuse the sheets)?
I tried using sharpie but it smudges. What's the best pen to use? Answer only if you know please.
Does this work well with colorless blender markers?
Will this work with my cameo silhouette to make stencils?
Can this size thickness be folded to fit inside a journal? I do not need a crisp edge, but some crease flexibility for my travelers journal.
I printed an image on a sheet of this but it won't dry. Any suggestions?
Has anyone used this in a die cutting machine? I tried using printable transparency sheets in mine, but it was too thick. Thanks.
Will this .003 film be suitable to paint butterflies on, be rolled and dropped by a thread into a bottle then flip open. Can this do it?
how often do I need to change emulsion sheets
Do you have to print your image from an ink jet printer?
Can you use a regular transparancy to print the image on or is their a specific brand that should be used
Do you have to print your image from an ink jet printer?
Does it print in all spectum of colors? or you have few to put on graphic, thanks. Does it print in all spectrum of colors?
Does it have a toothy surface or a smooth surface?
Can you use Sharpie Marker on it?
Is there a logo or imprint on the back or is it smooth on both front and back covers?
Does it lay flat when open?
Are the pages bright white or off white?
is the book blank pages or have lines?
How is the paper quality? Is it thick? If I sketch in pencil and trace over it with a ballpoint pen or sharpie, will it leave marks on the other side?
is this book really 70 lbs.?
does it have perforated sheets?
Are the pages perforated?
I just want to glue a printed 8x11 1/2 paper to cardstock to make a journal for friends.... will this work. Paste whole sheet or perimeter?
Will this product work to reinforce Bible that is coming apart?
I know it will clean up with water while its still wet. But after it dries is it water proof or water soluble still?
does this bottle come with a pointed spout like the 4 once bottle?
I'm interested in this glue because it claims to be acid free and ph neutral, how well it will work gluing delicate dried flowers on paper?
Will this work on NCR Paper
Will this work for gilding the edges of a book?
Will this product work to bond 100% silk fabric to book hardcovers? it will bleed through or not? appreciate any suggestion! Thank you
Can I use this to make a collage? Bits of paper on canvas?
How much area will a 8 oz. bottle of glue cover?
Im seeing alot of confusing reviews about this not being set A. So before i buy this, is this set A with the fine nibs??
Do these have archival ink
Are all the pens in this set refillable? If so, how easy is that to do?
are these black or sepia?
What pens are in the set.. what sizes
is the paper itself black or the cover is black as i need black drawing paper in a big quantity
Do markers bleed through the paper?
Is the cover a hard cover or is it made out of paper?
how many pages does it have?
Do the dimensions include the binding? Are the pages perforated allowing each sheet to be removed without tearing?
Does this sketch book have lines, or is it blank? Any help is appreciated.
Do pens bleed through?
Is this a brand of paper or a type of paper?
Is this the exact same paper as white Stonehenge 22x30? I buy the large sheets when I find it locally but shipping costs for them are too pricey
To those of you who prefer Stonehenge over Strathmore drawing or vellum papers for colored pencil, which type of colored pencils are you using?
What lb is this???
Is the material a cellophane?
what size are the squares?
Are these glossy/shiny or matte?
What colors are included in this pack?
can you paint in this, or will it just soak through
Can the book open all the way? with no difficulties?
How Is this big boi with Charcol &amp; Charcol pencils?
i use some high end fountain pens and dont want fibers all in my nib --what do say friends??? thank you, Kim
can you use sharpie or staedtler ink pens, or will it soak through?
Is the paper textured? Like fuzzy? Like if I used a fountain pen, the fibers would catch in the nib?
Can fountain pen be used I this book?
Hello, I am in Love with this book! I must have it! Do you send it to germany? How much costs the shipping? Many greetings, Tschij
This is a 2 question question; 1.) how well is this for writing? 2.) what is the cover's thickness as I am looking to purchase corner protectors
Is the portion of the cover that says "Sketch book" on it part of the cover? Or is it all black, and that is the label?
Are the pens certified as non-toxic?
Can I order several markers of one color
are these markers the same as promarkers?
I bought the Secret Garden adult coloring book. Which color pen set should I buy?
do these markers need to be heat set ? Or are they non- heat set required.
Do these smear easily while using them? Wondering if they'll end up all over skin while writing with them.
Are these markers reall fine tip?
How many of the same color?
is there a blender included?
Do these work on wood?
how wide?
Want to use it to replicate my horses back. Will it mold and hold the shape?
Can it handle direct flame? I want cover the burner of a fire pit so I can fill it with glass nuggets.
What thickness is the mesh?
Its completely aluminum? So its not magnetic?
Hi, I would like to stop raccoon/rodents getting into the attic. Is it strong to stop them? Can they break it. and will it stop the air circulation.
I'd like to make my own hanging fruit baskets but should I look at the larger mesh say 1/2 inch or go with this smaller mesh for strength?
Does it have any coating? I need to be 100% alluminum. Thanks for your comments
I have a craft project in mind which call for 26 gauge wire mesh. Would this be comparable. TY Sharon
How long it is ?
Can this board bent easily? I need something very sturdy
many reviewers indicate the corners of their board were damaged in shipping... have you implemented a solution to preventing this?
The board is quite thick.. what do you use to cut it with?
What is the thickness of this book board?
what is the thickness of this board (in inches and/or cm)?
Is the tip Xfine, fine, med ?
Can these be used on fabrics? Do they bleed? Do they need to be heat set?
Are these permanent markers?
will these work on fabric?
are the 24 Pc sharpie marker set with zippered storage case alcohol ink?
Are the markers all fine tip?
will these work on fabric?
What size is the tip? medium? fine?
Is this actual foil covered paper? Or is it just foil? Also, are the two sides different colors? It looks like it from the picture, but not sure...
What is the size of each sheet of paper?
How many sheets are in the package? What size are the sheets?
does it rotate 360 degrees
The picture shown here is the same picture as the Edmunds Universal Craft Stand. Which is correct? I want to purchase the Stitch Master.
are you 100 % sure this will let you turn your work right or left or left to right .So you can get to the back.
I am interested in purchasing a stand I can use with knitting looms of different sizes. Which style stand made by Edmunds do I purchase for that?
I want to purchase an Edmunds Stitch Master Floor Stand, this looks different. What style is this?
How are they with qsnaps
The thumb nail of the Stitch master is different from the images shown on the page once the thumb nail is selected. Which one is accurate?
Could I use this to do latch-hook rugs?
what is the width, can i use it for a 32 inches wide tapisery?
Will this stand hold a quickpoint canvas on 20x20 stretcher bars?
Are the patterns on one side (with one white side)? or both sides?
Can you use this paper to make origami crane earrings? Or are the cranes it produces too large for that?
Why is it cut unevenly
Do you have to bake it?
is this like gold spray paint or a reflective 18 carat gold
Would this cover another color on ceramics?
I want to paint some metal pieces that an old trunk has at the corners, as you can see I cant bake it. Can I use this product for my project?
Has anyone used this to touch up old costume jewellery with a Russian gold plate finish (deep warm matte gold)? Many thanks. :-)
Can these porcelaine products be fired at higher temperatures, such as artists porcelain paint?
if safe to put back the porcelaine to the oven for only retouching with only those retouching wet areas ?
How many mugs on average can I paint with one marker. I need to buy enough. Thanks!
Exactly how fine tip point is this marker? I'm looking for one that is thin like a ball point pen
can you use this on bisque ware and then fire it?
does it wash off skin easily? I have a project that calls for thumb prints, wondering if it will work.
Will the plate be food safe after using this marker?
What height is the tray for the bottom of the canvas? I stand when I paint, and I want it to be high enough when I paint smaller canvas.
Will it hold something that is, 8.7 lbs. There is a LED Writing Board, that lights up that we want to use for our school.
What is the maximum height? Can it easily accommodate a 24X36" canvas to paint while standing?
How to you keep the back leg from slipping backward? In other words how do you secure it so that it won't slip.
can it hold gallery wrapped canvas? about 2.5 inches depth? thank you
will this work for a table top
Does the easel have a tilting head for watercolor work?
Can I purchase a replacement part?
HOW MAXIM BOARD CAN HOLD UP ?
Is it adjustable to hold a pad flat for watercolor?
Okay, so I bought just some kid's sculpey. My sculpture collapsed in the oven. Is this clay firm or has anyone had this problem with super?
Is this appropriate for children?
Reccomended paint and oven temprature?
If I'm adding Sculpey to a plastic action figure, is there any other way to cure it without baking it in oven? Can I use a heat gun?
Can you describe the texture? Is it like Sculpey III (oily) or is it completely different?
Can this be used to repair cups or plates? Would they still be usable?
Is it sulfur based?
Can this withstand the heat of being dipped in melted wax (after being baked)? I want to make stamps. Thanks!
I received mine with out cellophane, or shrink wrap or anything protecting the box or clay it's self.. It even had finger prints.. is this NORMAL?
Can you paint this clay? If so with what and before or after oven bake?
Can you adjust the angle?
What is the biggest canvas it can hold?
Is there any reason not to put a 27" long sign on it? it's very light weight.
Can it hold my board which is 26 by 23 inches? I need a easel to help me drawing on my table
Will this hold a canvas stretched on a frame?
I have a 16 x 20 poster frame I would like to display at an expo. Will this hold up the frame?
I am looking for something that would display a poster board on a table? Would this? Or any suggestions?
How much weight can this hold?
Does your canvas just lean against this with the little lip or is there a clip at the top to hold it in place?
would this support a 24"x36" poster mounted on a light weight/thin board?
glass
How long can one marker last before it runs out? For example: would it blend well for only one 16x20 print, or for 5 of that size?
Does this marker work with blending sharpie markers?
Does the pen transfer colors or just black and white images?
can this method be used to transfer photo copies of b&amp;w pictures to tile? have you tried it?
Will it transfer a Xerox copy
Can this be used with images printed from an ink-jet printer? I noticed many of the reviewers used this with images printed from a laser printer.
How many of the markers come in the order? Just one? or more? When you buy them in the store they are more like 3 bucks a piece.
What are the measurements (size) of circles?
What is the diameter of these?
Are these foam pieces pretty thick?
Will friendly plastic melt during a hot summer day (About 90 degree hot)?
Can it be used as a "filler" in a plastic toy for a child's craft?
Can this be used to make cosplay or costume armor? Would the amount make a whole arm of armor?
Is the plactic transparent after having been applied? Or does it become white again?
Roughly, how many stickers come in the pack? I am using them to label toy bins and will need multiples. Thanks!
how big are the letter?
Would you say the letters are Navy and Lt Blue or are they Purple and Turquoise? I need the latter! Thank You!
Are the letters upper and lower case?
Is true that if someones tried to open the cryptex by force it'll pour an ink into what's inside to hide it?!
If you ship to US, how long will it take?
Hi can you ship the item to Singapore?
How do you set your own password?
Can spray paint of car ?
What PSI would I need to operate this airbrush? I have a small 3 gal compressor. Would that be sufficient enough?
please let me ask more. Is the brass a lead-free?
Is brass used as for this spray gun?
how do you switch colors
Is this gun suitable for Airbrush makeup application? I have some issues with my hands and the trigger would be much easier for me to use ?
How many are in the box? Is it really 1,140 pins?
What sizes r the safety pins? R we s posed to guess
Is this pin good for making bracelets?
how many pieces are in a pack this year -2015? There's a big difference between 12 and 22.
Would you recommend them for arrow making?
How many pieces in a pack?
How many pieces in a pack?
how many per package?
Does this dye work with front load washing machines? I've use Rit dye before...but only with top loaders. Thanks.
Is this more green or blue? The image on Amazon looks blue, but just got the package and the image on the bottle looks very green.
Can you use this product to dye by hand, without using a washing machine?
After an item is dyed, will this dye bleed out into other fabrics when it gets wet?
I'm looking at dying cloth that's already a dark beige color. How opaque is this dye?
To the woman who mixed the aquamarine and teal -- so, did you end up with a turquoise-like color!?
How much fabric will one bottle dye?
can this item get rid of spray paint stains on clothes?
what makes dark green
Does it work on suede?
Is this the same as mineral oil?
Will this aid in the cleaning of oil paintbrushes?
Can I use to clean my acrylic brushes?
Is this the same as thinner ?
is this similar to linseed oil? I haven't painted in a long time and always used linseed oil to clean my brushes in the past.
Can this be used to clean hands also?
The product seems to imply it's for mat to mat only, but all the reviews says people are using it to mount the art to the mat. Is it both?
Does it come in clear archival tape
My need isn't for craft work. I need to repair a 2-inch rip at a crease in my pleated (accordian) window blind. I've been looking for a tape that is strong, not too thick, and flexible since the shade has to open and close. I saw the word "hinge" and...
Will this work for reinforcing the archival stickers included with a diploma mounting kit? My diploma keeps slipping in it's frame currently.
N PH Adhesive bottle half empty and drying out.can i revive whats left?
Would this be suitable for mending books?
Is that what I use to tape a photo to a matting to secure it in the frame?
Is this tape acid free?
Will this tape allow me to repair a tear in a canvas oil on the reverse side of the canvas? If not what will?
How do you separate the tape from the backing?
do you have to be good at drawing?
will pens bleed through these paper pads
Is there any nudity in this book? Hoping for a family friendly gift option...
will pens bleed through these paper pads
This pad is good enough for watercolors?
Does it bleed with markers?
perforated
What color is the paper?
What does it mean by fine tooth surface? Does that mean that you can only use inks on this sketch paper? Will it hold up when using lead and pigma ink
is it smooth or more rough paper?
The product came with no directions, none on their website so what is the proper way to use this to clean my brushes? I'm using acrylic model paints.
Is this product good for cleaning art brushes on which oil paints have been used?
How long does a bottle last?
Will this soap clean varnish out of my brush? It's just Liquitex Matte Varnish.
Can you use Pink Soap to clean make off of white shirts? Can you clean jewelry with Pink Soap .
How much space do the legs take up?
Is there an option to use this on a table top? In other words, can I use it without attaching the tripod legs?
what size of canvas should I buy and able to use in this easel?
Does this art easel come with paints and paint brushes?
Do I need a sketch board for drawing sheets for this easel?
How much does it weigh?
what is the flat size and the folded size?
Do you know if I can use these for inkjet printing?
what is the paper weight?
Do the 5/7 cars come with envelopes. Ad does,nt mention envelopes
Do the 5/7 cars come with envelopes. Ad does,nt mention envelopes
Ivory or white?
Are these made with # 140 weight paper?
Are the envelopes made of watercolor paper too?
What is the measurement? I'm looking for a small water color note card...4 x 5" Can't find any info on card size. Uugghh
does anyone know if it's possible to get this in a size that will fit in a printer
Will it transfer to China Tiles
Can you print on these sheets with a regular printer?
Is the paper textured?
Are these flat or folding?
Are they comparable to Strathmore Watercolor Cards 105-26
Can these be used for Acrylics as well?
Is the paper 140# weight?
Can I insert photos in these frame cards?
Is this hot or cold pressed watercolor paper for these watercolor cards?
Will I be able to run these through my printer? I'd like to do a combination of print + watercolor in the design.
Are the envelopes designed to handle watercolor as well?
I would like to glue a photo on front to use as notecards. Do you recommend this product as one that glue will adhere?
Is this a good gift for a professional painter who works with acrylics, or are they just meant to be used by beginners and amateurs?
Are the pockets large enough to hold fountain pens?
Are they long-handled brushes?
where were they made?
best brushes?
Can the brushes be used with Martha Stewart metallic and opaque paints?
What type of bristles are used for these brushes?
are brushes no. 1,5 &amp; 8 included?
Is a no.3 brush included?
I purchased this item on Dec 16. Today is Dec 22 and this has not even shipped yet. Whats going on????
What are the exact dimensions, both inside and outside, of the double deep?
Does anyone know the interior height? The description says 6 1/2 "overall" which makes me think that is exterior. Thanks!
I'm wondering if anyone has stored very small items, like Legos, and the box is turned upside down, will the pieces stay in their designated compartments? Or mix? Thank you!!
Does it snap tightly shut?
Can the dividers be placed across to create four long compartments, without the center divider?
How big is it in width and height?
Is the bottom flat? I want to store 1oz. and 2oz. Bottles of essential oils. What are measurements in between ddividers?
Does this product hold 5" x 7" embossing folders standing straight up? If not, does it allow storing them sideways?
I need to know if this will hold Madeira 5,500 yd cones. I was looking to purchase this along with the Art Bin Super Satchel Thread Tray.
I am thinking of using this as a step for my dog - If I put a non-slip mat on top, would this box be strong enough for a 30lb dog to walk on it?
Does this actually come with four pens, or just one?
Is this pen refillable &amp; can the nib be replaced?
Does this pen tend to bleed through paper?
Line width?
what is the length of this pen? I'm looking for a short pen to carry in my pocket on hikes for nature sketches
How many pens come in this set?
Can a 12 inch ruler fit inside nicely? I need it for an art class and want to know if I need to find a larger box.
I am assembling a first aid kit for a fast food restaurant. Would the compartments hold band-aids, ointment, gauze, etc?
Does this box have a handle?
Could it be used on royal icing cookies?
Saral white transfer paper: does anyone know if it washes out of fabric?
I want to xerox a pattern then place it over the transfer paper &amp; trace the pattern onto a piece of dark wood. Is that how this works?
Is this a trim free transfer paper?
how to sharpen them
Would this set be good to use on blocks of balsa wood. I only have need of carving tools on occasion not for every day use.
how long (in total length) is each tool?
Would this carving set be good for carving a Pinewood derby car?
Has anyone researched the Curvey and compared it to the Stylist? If so, can you share why you went with the Curvey? Thanks!
Does a paper instruction book come with the machine?
can this machine be operated on 220 volt power?
will it sew on heavi er fabrics
Can I do free motion quilting with this machine? Is an embroidery foot available for the machine for free motion quilting?
can the bottom arm portion be removed to sew arm sleeves?
Can I use the cabinet that my Athena 2000 came in
Some reviewers said there was an issue with the light. Anyone else have that problem?
do you sell sewing machines that work on 220 power volt?
Does the curvy come with a 1/4 inch quilting foot
Are these paper or vinyl. Looking to use then on a vehicle
Are all 32 countries in the World Cup included in this pack?
What size are the stickers?
how many flags in all
What is size of each sticker?
how big are the stickers?
do these stick on things well? thanks
I plan on putting these on a blanket will it fall of or should i try studs?
Do these gems come with an individual adhesive per gem or are the gems attached to an adhesive strip?
Wanting to use these to put on fabric shoes to make them more blingy for prom?
hi :) would these work well as a fake nose jewel? or too big?
Hi I wanted to know if this would stick on leather sneakers for my wedding? Thank you Stefanie
What size are these?
Is this item primed?
is it possible to hv this item shipped to me not in a box?
Is this canvas primed?
canvas weight in ounces?
what is the weight of this canvas in oz ?
What weight is the canvas. How many oz.? I'd like to cover my 3/4 boards with it for a ceramic studio set-up.
What size box does this come in? Is it shipped rolled?
Am i able to use pins on it?
Is the grid on the mat marking metric measurements or only inches?
Is the cutting grid actually 36 x 48 or the mat itself?
Will the extension on the right support the weight of a serger?
Is it possible to purchase cabinet without the Quilt extension??
What does the cabinet look like when it is closed?
Can the cabinet be delivered fully assembled?
Can the cabinet be delivered fully assembled?
Will a Viking NHusqvarna Opal model fit into this cabinet?
I've experienced poorly written instructions and complex assembly on many furniture purchases - is assembly of the Bertha cabinet difficult?
Does the cabinet come with the leaf to fill the hole when the machine is in the storage position.
I purchased cabinet last May- have upgraded my sewing machine- can I order acrylic insert to accommodate new machine?
Is it possible to order the machine insert platforms?
Does this come with instructions?
I noticed in reviews that it says the spool is not as shown but in brown color. Is this right? I want to purchase 3 for little girls.
is it very rough inside? one review was very negative and i am reluctant to purchase if it is going to shred the yarn.
Does it come with the tool to knit with?
How many come in this shipment? Should probably put that info in your posting because there are opposing answers listed. Thank you.
I see conflicting answers to this question.... How many wreaths come for this price... since it is described as BULK????
how many wreaths in this bulk price of $17. for 10 in. size
How many wreaths for this price? this posted question was on 10/6/14
How many wreaths for this price?
How many wreaths for this price?
Is this the heat-moldable EVA variety of foam?
Are these 1/4" or the 1/8" or the 2mm sheets?
can you heat the foam?
/does this product can be used for cutting stamps?
Are they stickers or just sheets?
are these gluten free?
Can these be stray painted?
Can these be cut with a paper punch?
Are these easy to draw on with markers? It's for a school project.
how many black pieces of foam are there?
Do you have 16" x 16"? I don't need the canvas, just 3 frames.
Does this canvas come with the frame also or is just a soft canvas with no frame?
Will this canvas work for a watercolor project?
the picture showing a different size and said pack of 5, 10? is it really in pack of 5 or 10? or just a wrong picture?
Are these actually gallery-wrapped (1.5 inch)?
how thick is the canvas edge?
Does it come with a lid?
how many comes with this item?
how wide are the wells? putting dog meds in (to make sure I administer) - can a man's big fingers maneuver to get the pills? thx
what is the diameter of the whole unit?
What are the diameters and depths of the round reservoirs?
what actual size is the palette? the details give no indication of that
Do these work well for lefties?
Does it come with a lid?
How many come in the package?
What size is it? How long?
paint palette for oil base paint
is this the typical size that could be glued on a converse sneaker
Will the hot fix stones stay in place after hand washing?
what size is 20ss in us measurements?
Can these be used with the Hot Fix applicator wand?
Are these Swarovski Elements?
What are the dimensions?
Can you use Gem-Tac glue on these even though they are the hotfix gems or do I have to get the NON hotfix gems to use the gem-tac glue?
How well do they stay on?
Can I use these on a veils
does this stone comes already glued. If not does it work really strongly glued using fabric glue?
Can I use this with air dry clay?
how do you put it together?
what is the weight of this conditioning machine ?
Has anyone used to with gumpaste?
What is the widest piece of clay you can roll? I am not wanting the thickness, but the width from side to side. Thanks.
Why does the roller release black residue onto the clay no matter how many times I clean the roller?
Why does it say free shipping and then shipping is added at checkout!
Is it painted? Or is this the natural wood color? Does it look nice or cheap?
How big is the egg? Dimensions, please.
Does it have a handle? Couldn't tell from the photo.
Does this Brother SA133 blind stitch foot fit on the Brother cs6000i?
What is the difference in a vertical and horizontal blind stitch foot? I want a foot to use to hem pant seams.
Will this fit my Brother Innov NS40 and can it also do top stitching?
Will this fit on a babylock ellegante?
Want a new Treadle machine....need a cabinet: Does anyone know where you can purchase a cabinet for a new treadle sewing machine?
does it adjust for 1 inch lines
Does this come with the screw part that attaches it to the walking foot?
I understand you can adjust the bar, what is the maximum and minimum distances. i.e measured from the needle to the guide. Thanks
Will this fit a Brother CS-8060 machine?
Will this fit Brother XR9500PRW
will it fit on my Vikiing machine?
I have an older Brother model, the XR-52. Will this work on that?
Is this the right size for hemming mens' shirts?
is this a snapon &amp;isit only low shank?
Will it fit a Brother SE400?
Does it work on a JS1400 brother sewing machine?
Does this foot actually make a 7mm hem?
Will this foot fit any standard clip-in (for feet) machine? I have a baby lock and am having quite the time finding a 5 or 7 mm hem foot for it!
can this foot be used on my new Brother CS60001
YCan you use this foot (SA126)on a Brother XR9500PRW machine?
will it work no model CE8080PRW ?
When it's open, does it lay flat or do you have to hold it open?
Are the pages perforated so that we can tear out the pages?
Is there a sticker on this book? Is it easy to rip off cleanly?
Is it hardcover?
Fountain pen friendly?
Does it work with ALL drawing material?
Do the pages have lines or are they blank?
how many pages does it have
What kind of paper is it? Flat or Rougher?
WIll it make chalk colors darker? I don't want to change the artwork
Will this spray work on photos and printed labels?
Will this seal chalk written on a chalkboard?
Does this have a matte or a shiny finish?
Can you use this on a mixed medium of colored pencil and acrylic?
I want to preserve a 70 year old diary that belonged to my grandmother. it is written in pencil &amp; ink. Would this product deteriorate the paper?
Can you use fixative on a chalkboard and then wash it off? I'd like to find a way to keep chalk on a board for an extended period before erasing.
does this work on canvas shoes
does this protect against sun damage?
Can you spray this over a semi gloss spray paint finish and get a totally matte appearance?
Wuld spraying this on a car work?
once you spray this on a pencil drawing can you still work another layerof pencil marks on top ?
Will this spray work to prevent smudging and smearing to Inkjet printed invitations on cardstock?
Does it have a strong odor, and can it be used for charcoal?
Can this be used to put a matt finish on a glass computer screen to cut down glare? Can it be removed?
Does it ruin leather?
is it food safe
any idea if coffee mugs you use these on can be microwaved?
Can you use these on ceramic?
If I used these to decorate plain white porcelain coffee mugs, would the paint stay on through dishwasher washings?
Do you bake these on after painting?
What's the difference between the Uchida 200-6c and the Uchida 300-6c?
Twice they sent medium point when I ordered fine point. Has anyone else had this problem?
I have a Babylock Ellure and would like to know if the circular attachment will fit my machine
can it be used on xr1355
Are any of you using this with the Quattro 2 (6700D) ?
Would it fit a Brother XR 9000?
Would this fit a Euro-Pro sewing Machine?
will this fit a brother xr7700 machine?
Can buttonholes be done on this machine?
Do I need to have internet access to use this? I'm finding that a lot of embroidery machines need it and I don't have access to wifi where I live.
Is there a hat/cap/visor hoop insert that I can use on this MC200e machine? So I can put designs on caps or visors?
so this machine won't do anything larger than a 5x 5 hoop?
Can other janome hoops fit this Janome memory craft 200E 5x5 hoop that comes with the machine?
When you download a design, do I need the 4x4 or 5x7 file? I haven't seen any 5x5 files.
I am new to embroidery and have a Janome MC 200E. I would like to download patterns from the internet. What do I need?
It states it has 3 monogramming fonts...does this mean I can do an actual monogram with large letter in the middle all at once?
How many stiches in one design can the memory handle?
Hi, does the MC200E have on screen editing capabilities? Also, can you curve the text?
would this make my paper crafts stiff, if I used it on coat them?
What is this product mainly used for and do I need to buy it?
can it be used to coat baked polymer clay coasters and can it be used indoors?. How strong are the fumes?
Does this work well with epoxy resin.
Do you have to have a poured resin surface first or can you use this as a stand alone product for adding a protective shine to non-resin items?
Is this acrylic or epoxy resin?
Would the spray be good for protecting a resin fountain's color from sun fading?
Will this drip or leave streaks? I do not like brushing on Diamond Glaze for my resin projects because of the brush strokes.
Do I put this object on the item I'm encasing in the mold? Or on the outside of the completed mold? Or both?
what does white inkjet mean?
How small does a full sheet shrink?
i'm looking for a shine to it which one do i get for that? I'm using it for pic to make a charm braclet with them
I tried applying a sealer, and it smeared the image. Any suggestions?
what glaze do you recommend?
Do you combine shipping if I order more than 1 pack? I noticed the shipping is$5.47 for the 6pack and the same price for the 50 pack.
I just used it for the first time, so I'm a newbie ;) Is the finished product supposed to look a little grainy; or did I do something wrong?
What is the widest ribbon that can be threaded through using this punch?
Does it punch through thick paper? How thick?
Can this cut fabric? Like ribbon and lace?
hi, these work in plastic?, like a credit card? thanks
What is the difference between the fine tip glue pen and the ball point pen? Don't both pen tips make fine lines of glue?
Would you recommend this for creating very fine lines of glitter?
can this be used with fabrics ( like glittering threads)?
Is it acid free?
Will this cut through 90lb cardstock?
will it cut fabric??
Will this cut tissue paper? I got another brand that had problems.
will this cut craft foam
I just bought 20 Martha Stewart paper pounch 1" and I got all them totally scratched. Why?
wll this work on felt. Am looking for something to cut felt circles
What is the throat deplth of this punch (maximum distance from edge of paper to edge of hole)?
Fine-ness of the particles? Does anyone know how fine the particles of glitter are in this kit?
Can this glitter be used to decorate cupcakes?
What is the best glitter for a kindergartener's craft supply kit?
Hi, I wanted to use these on some homemade cards. I'm new to making cards!! Can I use this on them? THANKS so much. I appreciate any help. :-)
Does anyone know if this type of glitter melts when exposed to heat? I want to use glitter to make pixie dust bottles with polymer clay.
What kind of glue should be used? Spray?
Can this glitter be used in nail polish?
Are these embossing powders? Would they work for projects involving stamp embossing?
How much glitter is contained in each bottle please?
Can this be used for resin jewelry?
What are the dimensions of the Scalloped Tag when it is punched? Thanks!
what is measurement of tag produced by punch?
What size punch should I use to punch a hole for the string?
what are the dimensions
can you use this to store beading supplies
Do the small side containers come off or are they attached?
would like dimensions of large inside compartment
Anyone know if this will fit in the Artbin Tote Express? Top or bottom?
I see that it is 22" wide but how deep is it? That is what is the foot print?
about how many mat board mounted prints will this item hold?
does it require assembly?
does it require assembly?
height?
Would this product be suitable as a replacement for my carpet in my convertible?
Is this material suitable for use in director's chairs, i.e. can it support the full weight of a person sitting down?
What is the weight of the fabric?
I want to make a raised dog bed out of this. Can I screw it into PVC pipes without it ripping? Is it very thick and durable?
Is this waterproof?
Is this sold as continuous yardage or to I have to sew together? I'm trying to make a tarp for leaves. Thank u
Is it a matte finish or shiny?
Can one see through it? I'm looking to make a mask to cover my eyes...
What are the dimensions of this item?
Is this good as a backpacking tarp? Weight per yard? Fold/compress compactly? Waterproof in heavy rain? Veterans: is this the same as seabag material?
Is the fabric case made from cotton or synthetic material?
What is the washing instruction for the entire pillow? Is machine wash alright?
Can anyone tell me where these pillows are made, from? China? , USA?
Would this fit in a 16" x 16" pillow cover?
do the feather come out easily?
Can you get a 1/4" foot for this sewing machine?
where is manufactured
dose this machine have a walking foot that comes with it
What is the maximum zig-zag width on this machine?
Is the presser foot pressure adjustable?
What are the differences between the Janome 8077 and Janome Magnolia 7330? Thank you :)
Does this machine do a blanket stitch?
I have an old New Home machine, does anyone know if the old feet will fit these new machines?
does this machine have different needle positions?
How heavy is this machine? Will it fit in a suitcase for travelling?
How well does it stay tied?
I am wanting to learn how to make multi strand braided turquoise bead chip bracelets and was wondering if this would be the right size?
will this hold 10mm beads
Is this cord small enough for 5mm bicone beads?
I bought two of these and they are both smaller than 1MM. I need 1MM please. Can you ship and I'll ship these back?
does it cut bias strips for binding?
Will this machine cut knit fabric?
Does anyone know where to get new blades? The blade shown on the same Amazon page won't fit.
what's the voltage?
I bought this product and not short. I can not adjust it according to the instructions. What do. I live in Venezuela.
Will it cut multiple layers of fabric?
What about fleece? I need to make holes for the yarn to crochet an edging
does it automatically feed, or is it manually operated?
Will it cut Spandex fabric such as Mystique Spandex?
will it cut narrow strips for rug hooking,
Is there a way to make double fold bias tape? Or would I have to complete that manually?
how may tips does the machine include?
It says that it Additional tips available: 2-1/4 &amp; 2-1/2-inch quilt binding bias tip but I can't find them here or on the simplicity site?
How do you get your fabric strips cut evenly? If the edges aren't perfect, does the machine still work?
Does the outlet plug fit Australian powerpoints?
Would this work with strips cut crossgrain instead of on the bias?
My new machine started smoking, stopped moving tape, and darkened the fabric. The heat cover sits loosely on top. Is it normal?
I have a bias machine it has started to stick after about every 3ins has anyone had this problem and what do I do?
Hi, Is it possible to buy a 15mm attachment for the bias tape maker? Thanks
what is the voltage for this machine?
Some of the reviews are few years old. Has anyone purchased this recently, wish to find out if the vendor has compromised on the quality?
Are lined pages available?
How firm is this cover? Would it keep a notebook from getting bent if just thrown in a bag for travel?
This cover came with a very nice notebook in it, Moleskine-like paper with narrow rules. Where can I buy a refill?
Some of the reviews are few years old. Has anyone purchased this recently, wish to find out if the vendor has compromised on the quality?
Are lined pages available?
How firm is this cover? Would it keep a notebook from getting bent if just thrown in a bag for travel?
This cover came with a very nice notebook in it, Moleskine-like paper with narrow rules. Where can I buy a refill?
what are the dimensions for each jar?
How much do these containers hold? I want to store wax melt sprinkles the size of medium sized beads, so a tablespoon or teaspoon?
Are these watertight? I'd like to use them to store paints.
Does each jar have its own screw top? Would it hold a powdery substance securely?
What is the type of plastic used to make these containers?
Is it stackable to other containers?
Are the jars stackable?
how much liquid can on container hold in ounces
what is the size of the jars?
Do you ship to europe?
Could you please tell me in which cases are either white vinegar or isopropyl alcohol more effective at removing sticker goo than this product? Thanks.
how will this affect cardboard?
will it take paper off stuck to a photo without damaging the photo? this is an old photo that was in a flood and had other things stuck to it.
why does undu leave a hole or mark on paperback cover
Could you please advise if this product can be used for removing duck tape from the wall? Thank you
I want to take off many stickers from an album and use them. One sticker is 5*7 cm. Aprox. how many ml. of un-du are used for one sticker? thanks
What does Low VOC mean?
Will it remove the adhesive under window tint on my truck windows?
does it work on fabric?
Can I use this product to remove tape adhesive from plexiglass without damaging the plexi finish?
Is there a matching extended mylar sheet included with the pad?
What machines is it compatible with?
Is this made out of silicone?
Excuse me, is this item absolutely necessary to use XL Dies?
Will these work on a Baby Lock Ellure?
Will these bobbins work for the Brother 1500 sewing machine?
Will these bobbins work for the Brother PR650 Embroidery Machines ?
Are these the clear plastic sides?
Will these work on Husqvarna Viking Designer SE?
Do these work in a viking ruby deluxe embroidery machine?
will these fit a brother 2002 ultd and viking rose 2 embroidery
Will these fit in a Brother PE770?
Will it fit husqvarva /viking 600E machines.
Will these fit a BabyLock Ellegante?
What size of paintballs does this gun use?
Is the tank, just curious, filled with air already or do i have to refill it upon recieving it?
does this include M-16 CQB and the high performance 12" ported barrel? or just the close quarters barrel?
Hello, I need size and weight of the package, thank you very much.
Can you change out the magazine for a longer one (for looks) and the stock?
What is the fps and can you adjust it and if so how
is the harness 1 size fits all or no
can i reuse the co2 tank after my 1st time
is this a good starting weapon for a begginer if not what is
i am new into paintball and i play hyperball would you recommend this gun if not what gun (has to be less than 200$
Is there a way to clean them? Mine are all black from charcoal but would like to use them for blending pastels. Thank you!
What is a tortillion?
is this good
Where are these made?
woud these work for dot painting?
What are the best materials to blend? (easiest)
Do these ever need to be sharpened? If so, how? How long do they maintain their point?
what is a stump?
How much is in each pack?
are these charcoal pencils
how do tell high shank from low shank for walking foot. i know it makes quilting alot easer
Does this foot work with the Singer One?
Will this fit the Singer Simple 2263?
Will this fit a Singer Featherweight?
Is this model exactly as pictured? Is the part that attaches to the presser foot bar metal, or all plastic?
Would this work for a Kenmore/Janome low shank machine?
Does it fit Singer 7258 ?
How do you put it on the sewing machine?
Will this work on a Singer 4166?
Will this walking foot work for a 5532 heavy Duty singer
Do these fit a Pfaff 1229?
The headline says metal bobbins, but the description below calls them "transparent" (plastic?). Are these metal?
Are these bobbins the 9033ns? I have an old Pfaff 130. The newer 9033 do not fit. Do you know if these will?
will these bobbins fit my 1950's pfaff 130?
Will they fit Pfaff 1222?
Will these bobbins fit in a Pfaff 1221 machine?
Does it fit the 750 QE machine
Can u use this in the 8 series
does it fit the artista 100
is it an authentic Bernina foot and does it fit the Bernina 440 QE? What is the difference between the 57 N and the 57?
Does these needles work on a PE-770 embroidery machine?
will they work with viking topaz 40
Will these needles work in my Singer XL-6000 sewing machine? Thanks
Will these bobbins work with the Pfaff Creative Sensation?
Will these fit the Pfaff Hobbymatic 939?
will these fit 1475cd?
Bobbins: Will these bobbins fit a Smarter by Pfaff C1100 Pro??
will these bobbins work on my 1199 Pfaff
Will these fit Pfaff Hobby model 1122?
Will these bobbins fit the pfaff expression 2034?
Will these bobbons fit Phaff 2046?
I have a Pfaff Triptronic2030,WILL THE BOBBINS WORK WITH MY MACHINE?
Will these bobbins work with an Ambition 1.0?
will this foot adaptor let me use kennmore feet on a bernina machine?
I got some "old style" Bernina presser feet at a yard sale. Is there an adaptor that will allow them to be used on my new Bernina machine?
Will this fit my Bernina 1090?
will this fit 801 sport?
I have bernina aurora 430 when i took the foot off the whole is round will this work on my machine do you know
will this foot fit a 330 bernina
Is this the adaptor that I need to attach the low shank Big Foot? I'm unable to see from the picture if it is the adaptor I need.
Will this work on Bernina 1230?
will this allow me to use a walking foot #50 from a newer bernina on my 1080 older style
Will this allow me to use snap on feet like Nancy Notions sell?
will it fit a brother?
what model of Singer machines will this work on?
Is this the one that is 9 grooves? Thanks.
Will this foot work on a Brother CE5000 project runway computerized sewing machine?
What does a pin tuck foot do?
Does this presser foot invisible fit a Singer Talent series 3323?
Will this foot (SP 163P) fit the singer stylist 7258?
Will this foot fit a Singer 9960?
Does the invisible zipper foot SP-163P fit the Singer Model #4228?
Will this fit a Singer 4423? I don't see it in the list.
does this foot fit the singer inspiration series 4220?
I have a Singer 6217. Will this fit my machine? Thank you.
Does this foot fit a Singer Touch and Sew 700 series
Does it fits my Singer Simple 3223?
If I buy more than 1 foot could I still do 2$ shipping or does shipping increase?
Which models do they fit?
Will these work in 7550?
What is the correct bobbin for the Expressions 2 Pfaff model????
Will these bobbins work on a Pfaff select 3.0?
does a hard case provide more protection?
what are the dimentions
dimentions????....I have a Janome serger and want to know it it will fit.
Size of Hemline Black Studio Collection Serger Tote
Is this walking foot for a jenome 9500 memory craft machine
Is this the correct walking foot for the Janome Memory Craft 6600 P
Does this walking/even feed foot work on the Memory Craft 8200 QC?
will this foot work on the janome 2212?
Will it work in a New Home 552 machine?
Will this work on the Janome Jem Silver model 662?
I have a Memory craft 5000, will this fit my machine?
Will this work with QDC3160??
Can I use this foot with my Janome 3000HD?
Will this fit a Baby Loc Ellisimo Gold II?
What are the measurements on the trolly? Height, width, depth?
Will this embroidery bag fit the viking topaz 30 embroidery unit
What's the measurements of the cutting mat &amp; ruler bag?
Is this thread enough to do a queen size free motion quilt both bobbin and thread
How many yards are on a spool?
what colors come in the set?
Will this fit model 1120?
Will this fit sewing machine Model# E99670? thank you.
will this fit a singer 5500/5400 machine
would this fit model 9020 machine?
Will these fit a singer L 500
Does this work for the Janome Horizon 7700QCP?
does the magnolia 7360 need a blue dot bobbin case for FMQ?
Does this help with uneven stitching or loops on bobbin thread?
Is this also the bobbin case needed for the MC 6300 for free motion quilting?
I've always free motioned (20+ quilts) with my regular bobbin case. It needs replacing. What is the difference between this and standard one?
Does it fit Janome DC2010?
Does this work with the Janome 3160 QDC with automatic thread cutter?
Does this bobbin case come with installation instructions?
Does it have a stand to mount the model on
Are the adjustments independent of each other or does it increase the waist when you increase the bust?
Does it come with a stand?
Does it come with a stand and hem guide?
Does it have a hem marker?
Will this foot fit and work well on my Singer Featherweight 221?
Does this actually have the word "singer" on it like the picture? Or is what they ship a no-name brand?
will it fit singer 9910 ?
Will this fit Singer model 6235?
Will this fit my Model 1021?
Will this foot work on my Singer One (model 1)
is this product an original singer brand?
will this work on singer 1+ machine
will the walking foot work with singer machine model 636?
Will this work with model 5502 or 5522?
Is it made of real wood or just the overlay on pressed wood
is there an option to get the insert to match sewing machine I have a juki tl98e?
can this lift be set to stop at the table top as well as higher for free arm?
Will a Singer Futura Quartet fit this cabinet
The description says it fits the Bernina 8 series but the dimensions are not as large as the Bernina. Please clarify.
It is hard to tell from the pictures, are there storage drawers on either side of the cabinet when the doors are closed?
where is the sewing kit organizer?
i need assembly instructions none were in the boxes
does it come in any other wood choice/color like cherry???
Can the plastic trays be left off without making the cabinet look bad?
Does this bag give enough support for the machine while traveling? Does it have protective straps to keep in place?
Does this fit a brotherXl2600l?
what are the dimensions of the bag??
Is this the OEM product or a substitue?
I am confused.The Viking website says not for use with Emerald 118, but it also says it's compatible with group 5 (my machine). Will this work for me?
I have a Husqvarna Viking ruby deluxe machine. I just bought a free motion open toe spring foot at my quilting store. I can't seem to figure out how
I have a Husqvarna Viking H/Class 100Q will the Viking open toe free-motion spring foot 4130376-46 work on my machine???? I s this foot not made by Viking???
Will this foot work for a Husqvarna Lily 555?
I have a Husqvarna Viking 6020. Will this work on my machine?
Will this foot work with my Husqvarna #1+?
will this work with my Viking Emerald 118?
This is the foot I want but does it fit Brother 6500
Will this fit the saphire 960q?
I have aj Sears Kenmore Model 38519233400 and do not see this model listed. will the SA156 work? I have tried so many that don't.
do these bobbins work in the Janome DC2013?
Do these bobbins meet the specifications for the Brother XL2600i or is it necessary to purchase the original Brother bobbins?
Do these have slightly curved ends for the Singer Machines?
What are the dimensions of this bobbin?
Wife has a new Brothers HC 1850 &amp; gathering parts accesories &amp; anything else she sees or gets close to. Will these fit that machine?
Has anyone used these on a Brothers machine that uses SA156 bobbins? where are these made? Im sure they are not genuine Brothers..
will these work in a Janome 2139N
do they fit janome 6500p
will these work with the janome jem 660 which is a 3/4 size machine?
Does this magnetic plate work with the cuttlebug and if so what is the sandwich?
Sorry ask about this, but I've never bought a Spellbinders die, so my question is: Do I need this plate to use in my cuttlebug? thanks in advance!
Does this magnetic plate work with the Sizzix Big Kick? What is the sandwich?
Does this magnetic plate work with the big shot? Please help...
Can i cut this onto strips and is it string enough to be pulled by a big horseshoe magnet or is the plate as weak as a refrigerator magnet?
How thick is the Spellbinders magnetic plate?
will this work with a cuttlebug?
Bought new, does it come with the thread pictured?
what is the youngest age you'd recommend this for?
All I want it for is to hem pants, mostly jeans. Does it work well on these?
does this machine take a standard bobbin? same as for a full size machine.
I want the user manual because the tread is stucked , how can I get the instructional manual ?
how many bobbins does it come with
drop in bobbin?
Can I buy the AC connector
does anyone's light flicker and turn on even when you have not turned on the light?
Can I buy the screw that holds the needle in place? We have lost ours
Is the glue strong enough to bond glitter tightly to paper?
How is the bond? Will it hold together as well as hot glue?
Is this glue thin enough for children to use on paper lanterns. If not, what other kind could I use?
is it refillable
is it refillable?
Can you use this for embossing?
Anyone figured out how to get glue out of this thing? I shake, I squeeze, yet nothing comes out.
Is this suitable for reapplying a bit of slightly-peeled wallpaper back into place?
I am wanting to glue paper together (to create a pocket). Would this work for something like that?
are refills available for this pen or do you just throw it away when glue runs out?
How many tips are included?
What diameter holes does it punch? Thanks!
Does it work on really thick leather?
will this work on felt?
will this punch through plastic sheets (shrinky dinks)?
Will these drawers hold 12 x 12" paper?
Are the listed dimensions correct for this item? The dimensions given seem rather small. EDITED: Nevermind; I see that the dimensions listed under the main product description differ from the dimensions listed elsewhere.
does it have a plastic top as it states or metal as it looks like in photos?
would this be sturdy enough and deep enouch for makeup
Do the drawers all have lids, or are they open?
do u have to put on wheels and if you dont is it easier to set up.
Does it fit a 550c?
Will this fit Model 7444
Will it fit a Brilliance 6199
Will it fit model 9340?
Will the power cord fit any Singer sewing machine or do we need to have a model number?
will it fit model 7462 singer machine?
Does this fit all singer sewing machines?
does this fit singer 7469
What is the total hight of this foot?
Will this fit the Singer 100 or 160?
I have a Singer model 9420 and cannot get the presser foot to work, it sits at an angle to the feed dogs. Is it the wrong presser foot for my machine?
Will this fit the Fashion Mate 7256 model? Thanks.
Does it fit a Singer Simple 2263?
i like to know if this foot do the curl hemmer with wire
Will this fit the Juki DDL-227 model? Thanks!
will it fit a National sewing machine?
Will it fit and work on my old singer model 293B(made in France)?? Thanks
What size Hem foot is this, it does not say a size.
I have a Singer SewMate 5400. Is this compatible? Do you have a part number?
Is there some sort of adapter that will allow this pedal to work with Singer model 2010?
Will this work with futura quartet
Does this work with singer quantum XL 100
does this work with Singer 9010?
Is the model number YC-485EC?
Does this work with the Singer Stylist 7258?
I have a 6160 is this foot pedal compatible and does it come as pictured?
Is this compatible with a Singer Starlet ?
Will this work with my singer model 8770 Curvy? the cord was lost and I really need a new one.
how long does it take to get these? and the tracking doesnt work... anyone else have this problem?
Can anyone compare these to Boyle or Bates hooks in terms of the "hook"?
Do they bend?
What are the EXACT sizes on the 12 piece and 14 piece sets? Preferably in the Letter size system? Also the picture for the 14 piece set seems to only have 12 hooks.
i was not satisfied with the product you gave me is there any way i would be able to get a refund
Can you use for rainbow loom
are there any shrinky dinks material larger than 8 1/2 x 11 available ??
Can you color these? Like kids shrinky dinks?
Can I use a gloss glaze once the baking process is done for a shinier effect? If so..Do u recommend a particular glaze
what kind of markers besides permanent markers are ok to use? and are color pencils ok?
does this product have a strong smell when put in the oven?
Could I use these to "wrap" a small metal charm to form a solid covering?
Can this sheets be put in an injet printer?
What is the temperature of melting point or sign of damage due to heat ? it may be labeled on the package.
I am looking for something between white and clear, would that be matte?
How thick and how hard is this without heating it? I need something extremely sturdy.
Does jewelry trays have snap closures on them?
I'm looking for opinions on if this is a good option for storing my home jewelry business inventory in? I have a huge stock, any ideas are welcome!
does this include the cases as well?
Can I remove the compartments in there and make this a rolling diaper bag?
How many of the jewelry trays can you fit into this case?
how many trays come with this case?
Does the pan pastels come in the palette holders or are they loose and will they be packed securely for shipping internationally to prevent breakages
I think you have already answered this but are the palette trays included? Just want to be sure.
Is there a difference between the quality of the PanPastel brand and the Colorfin PanPastel brand?
what is the difference PAN products &amp; regular pastel crayons
Have these ever been used on Fabric??
How big are each container - 1 inch or 2 inch size?
is there a difference in quality from the Panpastel brand and the Colofin PanPastel brand
why do you not ship to heathcote Victoria Australia? but you send me panpastels that I would love but can not bug them
Product contents: Does this 80 set also include the complete set of applicators?
where can i get a list of the 80 colors in this set
What gauge jewelry wires can these tools reasonably work with?
I have big hands; are these Micro, Mini, or Regular sized tools?
What are the list of tools in kit?
would this be a good starter tool set for someone interested in making chain maille jewelry?
Every time I put a crystal in the tip of this applicator the whole crystal melts!??
What size tips are included?
The gems seem to melt on the tool. Am I using the wrong gems? any suggestions or tips?
what is the voltage rating of the Hot-Fix Applicator wand will it work with the 220v electricity volatge rating in the UK
can I set an ss12 with this set? for instance, using the ss16 tip?
Can I use it on 220 Volts?
my wand made a popping noise and stopped working after 5 minutes
I'm looking for crafts for making wands for my daughter's bday party. will this work on a wooden dowel with real glass stones?
What about tee shirts/sweat shirts? Will it melt the fabric?
what is the different between product number VL2704-01 -2704-01 Hot fix applicator whats the better one
Do King Tut 2,000 yard cones fit on this holder?
Can you stack multiple trays?
is this an ideal fit for maxi-lock 3000 yd serger thread?
Does the thread comes with the case?
Will this tray hold Madeira 5500 yard cones?
Will this fit the aero lock 2000 yd serger thread? What is the maximum height of cone it will store?
can I double stack mini king cones of embroidery thread?? the wires seem too wide for them
is it a V belt an how long is it?
Will this belt fit a model 329K singer machine.
I did a search by part number (193077) and found this, but it has no part number in the description. Does this fit the Singer 201k?
Will this belt fit the old singer in a wooden case that you have to peddle with your feet?
Is this belt stretchy? I have the pink ribbed belt and it slips when sewing thicker material and was wondering if this one would do a better job.
Will it fit Model 15.90?
Are these coins made in such a way that the two sides are similar (both hard "wires)", or is one side hard and the other soft?
when it says 15, is that 15 individual circles is that 15 sets (30 circles)?
Are these super flat when attached together? I need velcro that has a bit of thickness to it to attach 2 things that have a bit of a gap between them
can these be easily removed from a wall?
Will these work on fabric?
Is it good for holding together 2 parts of a cosume
Did u have issues w/ lots of tiny pieces of velcro/plastic shavings coming off when u take these out of the box/work w/ them or r they residue free?
Will these hold up if they get wet frequently?
does this work on fabric? For like shirts instead of buttons?
I assume this would stick to stainless steel appliance surface? I plan to use these to stick fridge magnets :)
I'd like to use this for clings with bumper sticker type sayings applied. Does anyone have experience with that type of thing?
Would this be good to post photos on a stainless steel fridge?
Is there a specific cling side, or are both sides the same?
would this work as a tempory decal for my car window?
Will a small piece stick to the front edge of a tablet. I need to label the volume and power buttons on a Nexus 10 tablet for a disabled user.
I was thinking of making my own window clings using these and stickers, would they work?
Is it translucent? I want to use it for a packaging design project with intention to apply white ink onto a test tube and still be see through.
We neeto create parking stickers for our tenants. Will this work on the inside of their windshield?
are these safe for clear stamps?
I want to mask parts of a shoe I am painting. Masking tape pulled off some of the paint when I removed it. Would this work?
Will this pressure foot fit on model # 3820?
does the general purpose foot fit the model 2010 touch tronic
Will it work on my Model 3962 Singer? Mine is a snap on foot.
will it fit a so fro model 9324
Does this foot snap on and fit the singer 4166 machine?
WILL IT FIT SINGER 360
will it fit the 221 featherweight ?
will it fit Singer model 2250?
does it fit on singer 2112
will this foot work on the Singer Stylish II Serger 14J250
Does the Singer Presser Foot Shank fit on Husqvarna Diamond feet?
will it adapt from low shank to slank shank?
will this work on sonata 6610 singer machine will this screw on i have a screw shaft
Can you use this with newer snap on presser feet?
Is this a high or a low shank
will this fit a singer 328j?
The directions are slightly unclear about the 20 minute timeframe. Does it need to sit for 20 minutes to become tacky?
Does it dry clear or does it have a color? I am looking for a flexible glue to repair a black leather coat.
is barge work good on leather sofa?
Will this glue metal to leather? I want to make a custom dog collar.
it will work well to glue hiking boots? how do you think it's worth considering as a repair adhesive Camping? or advise that something else, thank you
Will this work if I am needing to bond a patch to leather? (It is an iron-on patch technically.)
i need to glue goatskin (like seude) to leather, is this the glue to use? thnx
I have a tear where leather meets the rubber sole. Will it hold with little leather surface and no overlapping? Will it fill any gaps?
Did they fix the toluene free formula? Older reviews say it doesn't work. Newer reviews sound like it works.
What is the "shelf life" of the glue once it is opened? Unopened?
I understand that AccuQuil has improved the rolllers on the newer machine - are you selling the improved version?
is the die set for 12" blocks?
How long do the mats last?
Do the dies ever get dull and have to be thrown out or sharpened? If so, how long do they typically last?
Go Cutter: What size dies come in the Go Mix and Match Set listed at $377.00?
Amazon are you selling the improved Accuquil go improved rollers on the newer machines?
What size are the blocks used for making a rag quilt and is this size die included?
Can you cut felt with this product?
What dies are included with the set?
How many layers of fabric can one use?
How sturdy are these? Wanting to hold Matchbox style cars and want to make sure they can take the weight.
can this bucket hold liquid?
How many pails come in this order?
Is the bottom of this pail also clear?
I'm wondering if a quart of ice cream in the cardboard container will fit in this size bucket... anyone??
How many compartments are in each container?
Is it 5 separated containers?
Are the sections adjustable?
do the trays store beads in tubes or loosely
How big are the little compartments in this bag?
How big are each of the little squares?
How big are the plastic containers?
The seller is really missing out by not listing the colors included. Could anyone list them that have already bought?
How thick is one sheet?
I'm wanting to use these to make a Christmas project with my grandsons. Does anybody know how many green sheets are in a pack? Thanks!
no have stick
Does this item have a peel of back so that it's self adhesive?
can someone tell me here if this is EPA [closed cell, waterproof], or perhaps just what material this would be??
How thick are the sheets?
What is the thickness of one of these sheets?
Can this be cut down and used for photo storage?
How is the wet strength of this paper, for painting wet-in-wet? Are the fibers long or short?
Is it Lignin free?
What is the difference between the Mending Machine and Sewing Machine?
Will this machine work well on thicker fabrics (like curtain materials)?
is foot pedal?
I need to buy a replacement foot and power cable. Does anyone know where i can ?
what is the power supply 110 or battery?
Does it have a drop in Bobbin?
I am almost blind question is will it be hard to thread needle after spool is empty? &amp; where do you buy thread for this machine
Y does the bobin not stay in place when sewing
does anyone's light flicker and turn on even when you have not turned on the light?
Is this the same as a Pixie Plus, with the exception of color?
What are the sizes of these actual stickers in inches?
How large are the numbers
Can you make these with clear background black numeral 1 3/4 inch height by 1 inch wide?
How many sheets do you get?
what size are the number - not the sheet size?
how big are they? Measurements please.
description states:"includes a how to airbrush training book". I didn't get a book. did anyone get a training book?
recently purchased the small neo compressor sadly i bought a single h and is not compatible will this work with the compressor neo
Can I use the for airbrushing cakes with edible airbrush colors?
Can I use it with silicon based make-up foundations?
Can the conical component in the cutaway be unscrewed to use as a trigger stop, to limit how far back you can pull on the trigger?
can I use on enamel paints w/ laquer thinner?
I need an air brush to paint a composition doll. Will this one work
I am not sure what the compressor is? I want to buy this for a 10 year old to polish her nails - do I need specific paint? Is this appropriate?
What is the minimum size compressor that will work with this airbrush?
does it work on model paints, like testors, model paints?
No instructions. Is the 1/4" the outside edge of the foot, or the outermost marking? Thanks!
Does this 1/4 inch foot fit the Singer Talent 3321 model?
Is this a snap-on foot or will it fit all low shank sewing machines?
Will this fit on a Singer Futura XL 550 Embroidery machine
will this foot fit my singer I purchased it in1955
I have a Singer Stylist Zig Zag Model 834, will this foot fit?
I have a Singer 7258 &amp; and I need the original foot that came on my sewing machine? where can I find it?
Does this foot guide a SCANT 1/4 inch seam?
will this fit on a Kenmore machine
Will this foot fit my Singer Model #2263?
I have read all of the answers and would just like to confirm that this fits a 1116? Also, will this work in Australia? Thanks
Does it work on the Brother 1043 D?
Has anyone ordered this for a Singer Talent 3321?
Will this work with a Singer 401a Slant-O-Matic? AND what kind of foot pedal does it have? Mine is stationary with a 1.5" long button to push
Does it fit Singer model 8280?
Does this item include the foot control or is it just the cord?
Does this work for a Singer Inspiration model 4210
Will this fit Singer Model #1525?
Does this fit a singer quantumXL 100
will this work with the singer ultralock 14u65?
is this fully automatic?
Distance. It is a close quarters gun, but how close?
can I add a APEX barrel for better accuracy? or is it good like it is?
is this big for a 10 yr old and is it havey
where is the clip
Does it come with the ammo?
can you add a silencer for this thing and does this actually come as the picture shown??
can you add a silencer for this thing and does this actually come as the picture shown??
is it metal?
is this a electronic weapond ?
how bad does it hurt?
Did I make a good buy with this gun?
is it worth it to get this gun ?
is it worth the prize, and how far does it shoot.
how good is the scope?
how good is the scope?
does the barrel come with it
what is the accuracy of this paintball gun? and what mods needed to increase range and accuracy
How quickly do the cartridges run out? How long before the pen itself wears out?
what brand of ink converter will this pen take?
Has anyone tried this pen with watercolor? Would i be able to use watercolors in my art after the ink has dried? I'm afraid of the ink bleeding.
Is the ink waterproof?
Would anyone say the ink is as dark as India ink?
I need an ink to refill this, with the same consistency/viscosity. Kooh-i-noor rapidograph is still too flow-y. Halp?
has any one try useing them by diping it in Fountain pen ink?
Is there any difference berween GFKP3BPA and GFKP-A?
VRSLY has a great hand lettering style. Search in google and you will know what i meant. Can this brush match those style?
Is this a good choice for writing hirgana for a beginner?
If I order 2 yards will it come as one or in two separate pieces?
Does it have any stretch , suitable for loungewear?
Can this fabric be used for a tie blanket?
am i getting all 3 patterns or do I choose from one?
does it have snaps at waist and also snap fly
How do I choose the size?
Does this have a drop seat?
what size
what size do this fit
how thick?
Does 'wintry white' mean pure white OR off-white?
I need 5 pieces at 9ft each or 1 solid piece at 15 yards. How should I order that?
Has anyone used this white fleece fabric as backing for a no sew fleece blanket? Were you satisfied with its thickness?
Is this fleece hairy? I am looking for fabric to make crib guard for my teething 10 month old
Is this fabric fleecy on both sides like polar fleece.
Do they cut ea yard? In other words if I order 10 yards am I getting 10 pieces? And paying $3.99 for ea yard?
So, I'm extremely inexperienced with fabric and measuring it and such, so by the yard, you mean a square yard? Its the same length on each side?
For those of you using this to secure a droopy headliner...has this solution worked long term for you?
headliner
ANSWERS BELOW....NO MORE NEEDED. are these strong enough to twist into a wooden sofa frame?
How many twists of the wire (loops) are there?
Are these easily removable? I'm looking for something to hold a sofa slipcover in place but would need to remove them occasionally to launder?
what is the metal that the screw part of the of the pin made from. this particular one does not show a metal
mine only came with 16 pieces, why it stated that it came with 30?
can i use them on my leather furniture? Our bounded leather sofa is peeling off, badly.so will use these with a slip cover if it works.
can i use these to attach the back of a couch cover to the couch?
has anyone used them to hold sheets and blanket on a mattress?
If I wanted three yards would I order a quantity of three and it comes as one solid piece?
Is this brushed fleece?
What is the width of the fabric? IF it is 60" and I order 20 yards, is the piece I get 60" by 20 yards or is 20 sq. yards?
Does this fabric stretch? If so, in which direction(s)?
if you order quantity of 2 does it come as one piece?
Would this unit be appropriate to store rubber stamps?
Can you possibly stack two together so it would be a 12 drawer chest?
Is there a backing so the drawers don't push through?
Anyone know how much weight it holds? I am looking for something that will hold scrapbook paper which can be heavy.
Are the "drawers" open top drawers or cases with lids?
Would this organizer hold 11"x14" prints? (I assume that the 15 22/25 x 141/4 are exterior dimensions, not interior).
The height is listed as 26 3/4 inches- is that WITH the casters? If not, what is the height WITH casters- I need to fit it under a table/counter.
how deep is each drawer?
I want to know the shipping weight
Do the drawers have a snap close top?
What is this made of? I have a retractable screen door that rolls away and would need it to be flexible? Also, what is the exact size?
what is the size of this butterfly as I need to make sure it will cover a rip in my screen door?
I want these more for decorative purposes and wonder will they work on glass windows and doors?
Do these scissors cut fabric?
Does it come with a reusable sheath to protect the blade?
Is it an 8 inch blade or 8 inch entire length?
where are these made?
Does it truly work for lefty?
What is a "strait" scissor?
Can't order if we don't know how many blocks are in a package. How many are in a package? Then I can decide how many pkgs to order.
How many blocks come per package? Is there a way to see it in a close up&gt;
How many quilt blocks do you get for $11.99?
How well does this work on a chalkboard
Does it work on chalkboard fabric?
Use on fabric?
is the tip a 4mm? does any one know?
This marker was never opened until 11 months after purchase and it does not write. It was not left outside but in the kitchen in a drawer.
I work with mild steel and need a white marker. Will this work for my intention?
I have tried everythig, wet rag, wet wipes, Mr. Clean eraser, &amp;many other cleaners, but CANNOT get it off. please help!?
Will these work on a chalkboard decal. We have it up in a Career Center and I will need it to be easily removed.
markers to write on lighted electric neon restraunt boards
I have a BLACK (white) non-erase board - will this pen work on it?
I want to use these stencils on a sliding glass door, and spray with "frosted glass".will these "Sheets"hold up? I will be taping them to glass
Is this stencil pliable - does it bend?
Which part is the "open" part of the stencil (the part that gets painted), the black or white portion of the picture?
Is this a stencil that I can use on my bedroom wall?
Can you import Logos of business's to embroder those? Can I do that with this machine
can I make my own designsd
Is this machine MAC compatible?
Can anyone tell me the difference between the Brother PE 770 and the Brother Designio DZ820E?
What's the next step up from an SE400 that embroiders 5x7 and does regular sewing?
Can you applique on this machine?
Applique: Can this machine do programmed appliques if you download them?
If I purchased Sew What Pro would I be able to customize designs? Also, there seems to be only a very few fonts, how do I get more so I can customize
Hoop sizes: what hoop sizes can be used with PE770?
how thick of a material can you embroider with this machine?
Actual interior dimensions? What are the actual interior dimensions of the SINGER Rolling Sewing Machine Tote Bag?
Does this bag collapse for storage?
Will the Singer One Plus fit in this bag?
Does the insert for the embroidery arm detach? Or is it sewn in &amp; if so can it be easily removed?
Does the Singer 4-1 Futura Quartet Sewing Machine fit in this bag with all the accessories?
Is this bag suitable for airline travel? Will it and contents (with extra padding) survive baggage handling?
Will a Bernina 830 fit in this tote bag?
There are no details or pictures of the wheels on this cart. What is the diameter of the wheels? Are they of good quality?
Will this bag fit singer 160?
Can you leave the machine stored in it all the time or is it just for traveling? Will the bottom bow out or buckle ?
Will this winder work with worsted weight yarns?
will these cones work with a knitting machine that uses cones only, not balls?
Can it ply together 2 or 3 yarns?
The handle of the winder is very jerky and I can't get it to turn smoothly. Has anyone else experienced this? How did you fix it?
What is the maximum size surface this will clamp onto?
How well does this handle thick yarns? What is the most it can handle?
What is the difference between the 701 and 702? Thanks
Will this winder work for smaller quantities of yarn?
My winder came with a rusty handle. Have others had this problem?
how does this paper work with copic markers?
are the pages perforated?
What does "extra long" mean? I assume the pages are 11 x 14 as advertised.
How many sheets are included? The written description says 25, but the package (when zoomed in) shows 6.
I'll be applying the gold leaf on metal parts of clocks. Will it tarnish overtime? Will applications of sealer affect the brilliance of the gold leaf
I found a product by Martha Stewart - Liquid Gilding. Do you think this would be easier than applying gold leaf to the pine cones? Any suggestions?
Would this work on a plaster object? Like an old kitty doorstop?
can this be used on canvas?
Hi :) what is the shipping cost to Brisbane Australia please?
would this work on stones like sea glass and amethyst for jewlery?
If using this on small areas of paintings, any recommendations on how to seal it? Maybe just paint over the whole painting? If so, with what?
Is the gold leaf kit food safe? I want to put it on a ceramic bowl
will this work on detailed silver metal to make it gold?
Would this work on Brother XR1355
Do these bobbins fit the CP- 6500?
Will these fit the SQ9185?
do these bobbins fit brother XL2230
SA156 BOBBINS: Are these bobbins compatable for a BROTHER CE4000?
do these fit White portable machines?
Are these original Brother bobbins? Do they come in an original package?
I think these will work with innovis-40 according to the manual, but I'm hesitant because the description doesn't say it will that machine. Thoughts?
Do these work on Brother XM2701?
I have an XR9500PRW (Brother) Are these the same bobbins that come with the machine?
Does the extension on the left fold down over the bottom storage or up over the top surface? Is it possible to sew while the extension is folded?
Will the machine come all the way up to the top in order to have complete access to the free arm?
how do i know if my machine fits and if i need the insert? Are there different inserts based on the dimensions of my machine? Viking Emerald 183
will my Bernina 780e fit in this cabinet?
Is the extended work area to the left of the machine large enough to provide enough cutting space?...using Olfa cutting mat and rotary cutter.)
what is the weight of table? What is size when folded? I need to know this for storing it.
does this fit the Juki tlq98?
can you buy a insert for it
does this table have little rubber feet (nubs) attached to underside of metal legs?
Hi, I have Brother SE400 sewing machine, can I use this table with it?
Can someone please post the exact measurement of the whole for the machine? I don't want to have any space left between the machine and the table.
Would a Singer Confidence work with this table?
Does this machine or the 6600 have a free arm?
Is it true that the Janome warranty is only valid if purchased from an 'authorized dealer'? And if purchased from amazon, then warranty won't work?
Where is this machine made? In what country, that is. Thanks
Does this machine have a "good" light as I have no windows in my sewing area and seem to need lots of light as I get older (ugh)?
Will this machine fit into my Aussie sewing cabinet which says it holds Sewing Machines no larger than: 22 1/8" w x 11 1/8" d x 14" high? Dimensions?
What is the height for the letters when sewing them on fabric?
How does this machine differ from the Janome Memory Craft 6600?
How many inches are there from the right of the needle? I'm not sure what this area is called.
which foot is used for regular straight stitching?
I like to use free motion quilting with invisible thread on top, regular bobbin thread, any one has experience using this machine?
Would this frame work for hand tying quilts? I know you can easily make home made frames, but this is for someone can only work in a chair.
Can you put a quilt on it &amp; fold it up when you are not quilting. I have a cat who thinks it is great to play trampoline on my current quilt frame.
What is the largest quilt this frame will handle?
Is the feh frame sturdy and not easily turn over
can I quilt a 96 inch quilt?
Does this frame have the extensions for from crib to Queen? Doesn't say anything about it in the description. Thanks.
Can you load backing and batting on middle bar together
Has anyone tried to tie a levi quilt on this frame, levi squares on the front ,flannel on the back
What do I need to buy besides the frame to use it or is it a use as is frame?
Is shipping to the UK available for this frame please
My machine is a Brother SQ 9050, is this compatible?
would this fit on the XL26001 brother machine?
Is this a snap on ? Doesn't look like it is.
is this compatible with the Brother HC 1850?
Low shank: I was just wondering what a low shank machine is?
Is this compatible with the Brother XR9500PRW?
does it fit lx2500??
Is it compatible with the Brother JX2517?
Is it compatible with Cs6000i
Is this compatible with 6000i
can this machine be used on a table top or do I need a sewing stand with a motor like industrial machines
Can it sew on leather, imitation leather fabrics or heaveweight woven fabrics or denim?
Does the CG560 fit in my old Stylis 834 wooden cabinet. Does it have the hole to insert an extension work table accessory?
Would this machine be sturdy enough to sew leather?
will it sew patches on a leather vest?
where was this machine manufactured?
where to buy bobbins
My last machine had a problem breaking thread and coming unthreaded. Does this one do that?
What additional feet are included, and what can be purchased? I love my rolled hem foot, and would need to get one if I bought this machine.
Is it easy to thread?
Does this case lock from the outside so no one can open the door? Thanks.
is this frame flat or does it have raised frame?
What is the color of the hanger?? I can't tell by picture. Thanks for response(s).
What are the dementions on this frame?
Is it possible to use the hanger/case on its side? We need it wider than longer.
How heavy is the frame?
is the door glass or plexiglass?
Can the glass be removed to solely use the box and frame?
what are the measurements?????/
Can I fit an XL football jersey in this case?
is there any way to "weld" the letters together on this cartridge instead of individual letters?
I received only the booklet from this order. Is there some way to download the cartridge or am I supposed to do something else?
Can I make stencils?
Can you cut material
Will this work on the Cuttlebug? Thanks
what cricut does this fit? Will it fit any model? I have the Provo Cricut 29 0001
Does this cartridge have numbers??
I have the Cricut Expression and am wondering if it will cut felt. Anyone? Please and thank you!
Does this cartridge make large letters?
Does this work with Cricut Explore?
how to use the paints that look like crayons how do u use the crayons that are paint ?
size of box
I want to paint a wood eagle to display outdoors. Are the paints in this set ok for outdoor use?
Could you please let me know what the shipping charge to South Africa would be?
When will my order be shipped? It is scheduled to be here on December 23 and has not shipped yet.
how long will it take to ship?
Would this be appropriate for a 6 year old?
what is the shipement price to Portugal'? Thanks
shipping in canada
What material are the handles made of ?
What is the height of the cart without the casters installed?
Can the drawers hold 12 x 12 scrap booking paper?
what is the width and length of the drawers?
Has anyone had a problem with weight of paper rims in drawers or the drawers coming off tracks from weight in the bins? thanks
what's the most weight the four bottom drawers will hold, I plan to use this for some of my autistic daughters flashcards, homework, crayons etc?
What is height of the cart to the top of the rail with the casters installed?
Can I use this for silverware and utensils?
Drawers come packed inside each other...will not separate?
What is the inside depth of the drawers?
Is there a way to order replacement drawers? My 2 year old pulled one over while we were assembling the cart and it broke the corner off.
Is this twine as neat as it looks or is the twine all fritzy (e.g. http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B005...
Can i use this for decorate milk glass bottles, vintage style. If not, can you recommend me one?
Is this twine strong enough for securing newspaper bundles to be put out for recycling?
How many millimeters thick is this cord?
Is this completely untreated? - No chemicals, herbicides/pesticides, preservatives?
Is this product good for making macram&eacute; with gemstone beads?
Is this paper thick enough to be used as the base of a card or is it too thin? Thanks...
does it really take 1 - 2 months to be shipped?
is this paper two sided?
how many pages are in the pad?
I have a bunch of those decorative nesting boxes I want to recover. Could you decopauge with this paper?
What are the dimensions of each holder? The description here says "0.1 x 4.8 x 7.6," this is the size of the packaging?
Can the metal holders be attached to a thick, cardboard box using Doodlebug, metal, mini brads that open up? Very hard to find the answer.
What are the TOTAL OUTSIDE DIMENSIONS of these holder? We need to mount them side by side.
No. How big is this manequin?
How smooth is the wire? Is it coated wire? will it snag the fabric? thanks.
How tall is this item??
can i use this for a coat rack?
How much does it weigh, does it come apart and will it fit into a large suitcase?
can this mannequin wear pants?
What is the size of the mannequin part, not the whole thing? What are the measurements of this at the bust, waist, and hips circumference wise?
Is the base weighted? I am concerned about it toppling over.
How tall is it? Looking for a certain height space? Thanks!
Could this be used for a 5year-old clothes?
Do you have 16" x 16"? I don't need the canvas, just 3 frames.
Does this canvas come with the frame also or is just a soft canvas with no frame?
Will this canvas work for a watercolor project?
the picture showing a different size and said pack of 5, 10? is it really in pack of 5 or 10? or just a wrong picture?
Are these actually gallery-wrapped (1.5 inch)?
how thick is the canvas edge?
Do you have 16" x 16"? I don't need the canvas, just 3 frames.
Does this canvas come with the frame also or is just a soft canvas with no frame?
Will this canvas work for a watercolor project?
the picture showing a different size and said pack of 5, 10? is it really in pack of 5 or 10? or just a wrong picture?
Are these actually gallery-wrapped (1.5 inch)?
how thick is the canvas edge?
Is there any flame retardants in this batting at all?
could this be used for outdoor cushions??
How many throw pillows can one of this box make?
How many giant stuffed animals can this fill up i am interested in replacing the beads in my stuffed animal with poly fil?
How many 14x14 pillows will this make?
Would this be good to use to fill a pouf?
how about outdoor use? quick dry after rain?
on my pe 770 sometimes with longer names, it is too big for the hoop, with the biggest hoop are you able to embroider longer names continuously?
Will these hoops fit with the new PE-400?
Will these hoops fit my Babylock Spirit?
I have the PE-770 and I'm finding that getting fabric and stabilizer into the hoop is a huge pain. Will the Elipse hoops make hooping easier?
I'm new to all this. What is "WWS"?
what are the hoop sizes. I am sure I am just missing it somewhere on the ad I have a Babylock Ellure Plus
Will these hoops fit brother 885-V51 machine?
What machine will embroider on a hoop larger than 5x7?
Would these fit my brother HE-240?
will these fit my brother HE-1
Are they truly .9 inches wide? I already have .75 inches wide jumbo craft sticks which are not wide enought for my project. anything less than .9inches will not do.
what size are they?
What are the correct dimensions of this item? 9.1 x 6.2 x 0.9 inches ?
Can this machine do a good cover stitch?
what all is included with the machine... how many feet???
Can you chain off and how easy is it to remove the fabric from the coverstitch mode? Does the tension release when the foot is raised? TIA
i want to use it with stretchy fabrics to make swimwear and sportswear, does it work well with this type of fabric??
Made in? China? USA?
what thread I have to use with this machine for sewing swimwear and sport clothing
can you sew elastic?
Is it easy to change back and forth between serging and coverstitching? Does it take a long time?
Voltage? Hhz? I'm looking for a machine to serger through 3 layers of polar fleece (casings)
What size is the allen wrench (hex key) supplied? I would like to get a better one. Thanks.
Does the set have only the two handles and one hook or other size hooks also
One of the handles does not work, will not let me attach the hooks to it, do they make replacements handles?
Do either of these handles come with the very small (1.5mm, 1.65mm, etc. sizes) for use w/fine crochet threads?
Is there a way to remove the bottom part of the carrier?
Does it have a place to store a watercolor palette flat (usually around 10" x 12")? Thanks
Is the bottom portion rigid enough to support the top if the bottom is not full, but the top is filled with heavy items?
Can I carry a 17 inch laptop in one of the bags?
On the OUTSIDE, are there slots/joints where liquid can flow between the fabric and the framework? How water resistant is the outside fabric?
How wide is the wheel base?
can you load 13x13 plastic totes laying flat in bottom
Which of the bins actually fit in the bottom section? I purchased 2 different sizes and both are too big for the bottom portion.
I teach art and need something that I can lift in and out of my car easily and rest on its back. Are there safe handles to use for this purpose?
Can you tell me if the tote tips over when full or will it sit upright all the times?
If I order 10 feet of chain will I receive 1 length of chain 10 feet long, or 10 individual 1 foot pieces?
Is this solid sterling silver or plated?
Are you able to open the chain links or do you have to cut the chain to size?
Do they work for left-handed people?
The picture is Gingher and the title is Fiskars. Which brand is correct?
Do these come with a case?
Where are these particular scissors made?
Handedness: Are these scissors for right-handed or left-handed users?
is this the same as the triple thick brush on glaze? I am confused as to which one to get.
does this damage origional?
Does the product have the new labeling with the orange cap? The picture shows the old packaging. Which is currently shipping now?
How many oz is it?
Is this product different from the one that is shown before I click the product? I think pictures are different.
how many are there in a pack
How many beads are there in this package? Thanks!
What is the size of the hole?
Can the beads be strung? i.e. do the holes go straight through?
Looking for a bead larger than 3/4 in. (19.1mm) How does the 20mm compare in inches?
Description states measures 2"Length by 41/2" width plus 6" for something else. Measurement of what?
Do you know if I could use this w/ Stitch Witchery?
What are the dimensions of this product
What is the difference between Regular Pleater Tape and Multi Pleater Tape?
Do these float when added to water?
will these float in the water gel?
I am looking for WHITE pearls not creamy white about 1/2 inch diameter. I also need enough to fill about 2 1 gallon containers?
Are these a true white?
How many beads per package?
how large is the hole?
does the hole go through the bead?
Are the beads unfinished, natural wood (no clear products applied)?
What is meant by the 4" plus measurements given in the description?
Which is better... these serrated egde scissors or the blunt tip?
Imported from where? Are they ice forged?
Are these scissors appropriate for left handed people or is it make only for a right-hander?
Can you tell me how they work on Minkee or Polar Fleece? Do they hold their edge? Thanks!
Are these Fiskars when the picture shows Gingher?
Are these made in China, or Taiwan?
Where are these made?
Are these used for oil pastels as well as soft pastels?
what color are the stripes on this?
What is the length? How strong?
What color is the accent...it looks black which is what I want
This listing is showing red but appears you are purchasing the black. Can you please specify?
I need red an I going to get red or I am going to get whatever color they pick?
Was the pattern blue or red? The icon appears blue, but the large phot appears red.
What is the approximate size of this please? Item B002PNTUVU
Are these plastic or crystal/ glass?
Are these sew on?
How many pieces are in here?
Do they have the crescent shaped rhinestones in this bag?
also is i have the stones and the glue how would that work? thank you
Can you tell me if these tips are beveled inwards or flat? I have see other tips that mimic the shape of the jewel to help hold crystals better.
can u use the e6000 glue with this gun
Can this be used on varnished wood? I make wood snowflake ornaments adding jewels. Been using gel super glue and thought this might be not as messy.
Does it work on SS10 and SS16 swarovski crystals? thanks!
cane you tell me if i already have the flat back rhyin stone am i able to use this tool ?
Is this 220v combined use
can you use this on metal like bottle cap jewelry? If not, is there a better tool to use?
I purchased this but I do not want to open it. Does it work on SS 30 crystals?
I purchased this but I do not want to open it. Does it work on SS 30 crystals?
Is this shade white or beige/creme colored? Thanks.
What are the dimensions of this item? The dimensions listed for this product are confusing.
What are the measurements for the paper shade?
what are the dimensions of the lampshade?
what type of fixture is inside the shade. my lamp only has the light bulb, the shade needs to have the clip on.
I have a Singer 4411. Will this walking foot work on my machine
will this work on a short/low shank?
Does this foot work with the Simplicity Model SW240
Will it work on singer futura CE-250/CE-350 sewing machine ?
does it fit Singer Promise 1409
I have a singer 636 model machine. will it work with my machine?
does this even feed walking foot fit a singer quantum LE
will this walking foot work on my singer model 7430?
Will this fit Futura XL 400?
i have a singer fashion mate 7256 will this fit?
will this work with singer model 6234? Thanks!
will this work for a Singer machine model 1525? If not any idea what the part number is for the Model 1525? Thanks
Will it work for lite singer 140Q? The foot controller is Electronic YC-482E.
Will this work on Singer model 7468. I can't tell if the plug is the same in the picture.
wil this work on model 7043?
will this fit model 6233?
Will this foot controller work with Singer sewong machine Model #6180?
What voltage is the air electronic controller (Singer foot)? I've got a machine which I purchased in London and have difficulty replacing mine.
Will this foot controller work with Singer sewong machine Model #9444?
are the panels rigid or flexible, paper or plastic?
Besides a binder and these panels, what else do I need to protect/store stamps?
Will it fit inside an 8 1/2 x 11 page protector?
Will the pages fit in a standard binder?
can you use this on doing nails as well?
how much does it weight?
Hello! I got the ABD Kit cake G23-FBA as a gift...What is voltage of the compressor? is it 110V?
For Gravity feed airbrush (model G23) How do you (or how hard is it) clean the "top cup" with the paint so colors wont mix when you change colors
i recieved it today i start to use it on a paper putting the ameri airbrush color but it stop working after a few spurts and then runs again. y???
How loud is the compressor and does it constantly run or is there a tiny tank it fills?
What is the psi?
Is it 110 or 220 Volts ?
Hi, I bought this and I'm trying it out but I can't get any paint to come out. Can someone help please?
Does this have a control on it so that you can adjust for the spray coming out? Thanks
How many pieces of each color are included?
can you wash the felts ? any negative effects ?
Why does your item say free shipping? I tried to buy and shipping cost came up at the final check out.
felt board
Is the paint color opaque/ saturated enough to show up on black surfaces or is it recommended only for lighter backgrounds?
Hi the product is flammable?
Can I pick the paint colors?
How does one clean these nibs? Do I need special fulid or will water work? Thanks
I am just starting out, what size nib is best for a beginner?
Which ink/paper combination is recommended for this pen? Thanks.
Hi...I adore the pen, but the cap does not fit on the pen when the pen is in use...anyone else have this somewhat annoying dilemma??? thank you ...
can you change the nib on these?
Is the ink waterproof? and if not could i refill it with waterproof ink and will it block the nib?
Does this case come with a clear cover? How is it packaged? (Would it work for a gift?)
Are these for left handers? That is what I searched on, but the details say nothing about being left handed.
Can you change ink cartridges before the ink runs out or do you have to completely empty the cartridge before you can change to another color?
Can I refill the cartridges with gold ink (or another color) to use with this pen? I don't see gold ink as a refill option
I read somewhere that the thread converter doesn't come with it. That's the main reason I bought this grand slam package... How do I get it to work/ge
Does this machine have the "hashtag" sign (#)? If it doesnt, can it be added?
Brother PE770 (PE770) lettering font size: What is the largest lettering font size (height) for embroidering with this machine?
I am interested in getting the Brother PE770 with the Grand Slam package. I would like to know if I can buy the larger hoop that will fit that model?
Exactly what does the Grand Slam II Embroidery Package include? Number of bobbins, how much stablizer, hoops, etc?
Hi, i want to buy Brother PE770 Embroidery Machine as a gift for my wife. But my in country (Turkey) use 220 V AC . Any solutions do you have ? Thks.
I have looked at all the pe770 what is the differnt in them other then some come with a package do all three do the same thing
I'm not sure wich machine to buy I kaind like this one, but they are other ones the cost less. Is this worth compare to the other Brother models?
Can you use the embroidery cards with this machine?
Are the 15,000 embroidery designs that come with the grand slam package worth it? I read somewhere that they weren't good designs
Is there a compartment or space where i can store the drawing/sketching booklets?
are colored pencils blendable?
Can one use the easel without the top wooden clamp so a taller board can be used to support the paper?
I put the screws in and the easel part does not stay up for me at all, even with the slightest pressure. Does anyone know how I could fix it?
Are the two paper sketch pads included?
Can this easel be used in the lenth-wise demension also, not just horizontal?
I want to order Royal &amp; Langknickel 124 piece art set for 54.99. I see it for 54.99 at sale-fire.com also at queenbee coupons. I try to order it but it comes up 64.8, I don"t understand. I like to buy it for 54.99. Could u please get back to me asap.
What is the largest size sketch pad for this kit?
Hello - are the trays inside this art box/kit removable? I would like to swap out some of the drawing supplies with some paint supplies. pls reply.
are there by any chance instructions on how to use certain things?
what size hoops come with this machine?
Can it embroider on baseball caps?
what is the standard needle that is used?
can I make my own designs on this machine?
can you scan a design and have the machine except it
will it work with Mac laptop
Can this machine quilt?
Are the additional hoops already programmed on the machine for use?
Does this come with the computer software needed?
Can this machine do applique? Layered applique? And does it only accept a flash drive, or can I simply use my laptop with a usb cable?
Are all the color names on each shade? Thanks
I want to teach my child different shades of colors. Would this work? Thanks
How large is this? No dimensions were given
All you see is what is included? it appears necessary to make the embossing folders?
Will this machine produce a 5x7 greeting card? thank you in advance!
it accept darice embossing folders?
Do you need a embossing pad and powder? Like a starter kit with the heat tool and everything?! Thanks!
hello i just wanted to know that can we use cuttlebug and anna griffing embossing folders in it
I am trying to make wedding invitations (NEVER MADE CARDS BEFORE). Is this machine easy to use (2) what card stock works best
Hi all, painful degen entire spinal column &amp; neck. Machine - lightweight - how hard to crank? Any easier to run border than full plate through?Thanks!
how does this compare to the Stampin Up version
Can you use Fiskars texture plates with it?
I'm trying to flatten bottle caps with this. will it work?
are there approx 1000 pins or 2000 pins in this 1/2 pound box? i need to know to the nearest thousand (or 500).
approximately how many pins are in the 1/2 pound?
Are these bulk pins stainless steel?
is this okay for use on aisle runner?
Do these pins have a small head on it?
what is the diameter of these pins? Are they suitable for silk?
Approximately how many pins is this
how short is each pin?
Would a 9 x13 pan easily nest in the bottom of this basket? Thanks!
How do you clean the bag? Does the fabric come off the frame for machine washing?
The description says BLUE, but the picture is brown. Is it blue or not?
I'm trying to decide between this one and the red floral. Other than the print and the price, is there a difference?
Does it have a pocket? Some photos show a pocket, but the description doesn't mention one.
does this basket have a stiff bottom? i know some do not causing things to easily fall over, thanks B
is this smaller than the "large" ones for $40?
Does it have a pocket of any kind on/in it?
Does this have a cover and how does it work?
Can the canvas be taken off and washed?
Will this work with quilted or thick fabrics? I want to use it for making pot holders.
Would this fit on a Brother HC1850? Thanks!
Will this fit on an old Kenmore machine from the 1970's?
Will this fit double fold and single fold?
Will this foot work with a Disney SE270D machine? Thanks for any information.
Will this fit SE-400?
Does it work with brother PQ 1500S machine?
I have an older Brother model, the XR-52. Will this work on that?
Can you use this foot to bind multiple layers such as a quilt sandwich?
Can one hem lace curtains?
is this item easy to use
Can you use this with the cricut expression?
do I have to link the cartridges to use them on the gypsy
does it work with the cricut mini
Does this maniq have the "back part" for buttock displays? or is it just the front half of the torso?
Can you put her on a stand ?
how much does the mannequin weigh?
Does it come with the hook?
Is the chest area smooth without bumps, suitable for close up necklace shots?
Is the skin smooth, marred without any pits? Thanks!
So, this is a table top torso. It can stand up on a table
What size bra would it wear?
Does this mannequin have a booty/back view?
Is it hollow? Does it have a back?
looking for something for my toddler to use on high chair tray. anyone have experience with that?
Can this be used on paper too?
what colors are in this package?
what is the age range for this product?
Can these be used on a chalkboard?
Do these break easily? My 2 year old breaks crayons so easily unless I buy the bigger thick crayons, how thick are these?
Would this be good for a 7 year old boy or is it for younger kids
Do these cayons break easily? Are they appropriate for middle school students?
has anyone tried these on a black dry erase board? I'm wondering if they will show up.
Do these work with the Melissa and Doug dry erase board on their deluxe easel?
Where is it made?
What do you paint on
Does this box have a receiver for a camera tripod on the underside?
Does the apron fit? Do you put watercolor paper on the boards?
Thread for se 400
Is the tear-away stabilizer that comes with this kit water-soluble (wash-away)?
I would love to hear from you if you have used this kit with Brother PE500, especially interested in how these pre-wound bobbins work with PE500?
Has anyone tried these with the PE-770?
Does this kit work for LB6800Thrd machines?
Does it fit on a Brother project runway limited edition model # CE1100prw thank you
Does this wide table fit the Brother CS6000i Feature-Rich Sewing Machine With 60 Built-In Stitches? mine came with it but it got thrown away by accide
Does this fit model HE 240? I have a sewing / embroider machine.
Does it fit a Brother XR-40 Sewing Machine?
does this fit the brothers pc420prw
Does this fit with Brothers SE-400
Will this table work with the Brother Nouvelle 1500? There is no S after the 1500 on my machine.
I have a VM6200D. Brother Dream Weaver. Will this SA537 fit?
Will this fit the Brother ES 2000 computerized machine? I can't find any info when I google or go to Brother USA.
does it fit brother xr 1355
does it fit PE770
I have a Innov-is 1200. The thread spool is horizontal. Would this let me use thread vertically? Just thread directly instead of using spool pin?
Can anyone tell me which thread stand to buy for Brother VE 2200 Dream Maker?
will this work with an xe2200 and does it automatically change to the next thread color in your design or would i manually guide the thread to the nee
I have a Brother Innovis 2800D. Will this work with my machine?
Will this work with Bernina Artista 730e machine?
Question on threading and pole height...on the pic it looks like the thread sits in the notches vs through a hole? Also is the height adjustable?
Does this stand hold the mini spools of thread like Isacord?
does it work for Isodore&reg; Innov-&iacute;s 5000
Multi-Spool Thread Stand: I have an Inovis 2800 by Brother and would like to know if the multi-spool thread stand #SA539 would work with my machine?
I know it's not one of the models listed, but has anybody tried to attach this to a PQ1500s? There are 3 holes that look like they could work.
Will the seam guide fit a Brother SE350
does this seam guide fit Brother HC1850
Will this work on the brother sc 9500 and brother xr 4040?
Does anyone know if this will work on the Brother XL 5700?
Will this fit the SB170?
Does this fit on the SE-270 D
Does this guide fir CE8080PRW?
Does this work with the Brother Innovis 40 model?
Does this actually work with a Brother XL2600i?
Do these fit the brother SE 400?
Will these bobbins fit the Brother Pacesetter PC=6500?
Do these fit the Brother 2800D?
will these fit on Brothers Embroidery Machine PE500
Do these needles fit the 1034d I just bought ?
are these: ball point, universal, or sharp?
I wouldn't use them. I don't have a Brother machine. How about Baby Lock?
Will these needles work for an older sewing machine? A Brother XR-34?
Do these needles fit the brother cs6000i ?
does it fit singer and kenmore machines?
Will these work in a Brother XL-5700?
Are they 130/705 with a flat side to shank or are they round shank? what size? universal?
Will these needles work with the Brother HC1850 computerized quilting and sewing machine?
Are these ballpoint needles?
Can these needles be used for regular sewing AND embroidery? And what is the difference between these and this listing: http://www.amazon.com/Brother-Sasew-M...
I bought Organ DB x K5 needles and they don't have a flat side. I tried the needle in my Brother PE770 and it threads ok, but the thread "shreds" as it stitches out because the eye seems smaller. This is not working even though others have said they...
will these needle work with my Brother's embroidery machine PC-8500D?
Can these be used with the Baby Lock EMP6 which is essentially the same machine as the Brother 6 thread professional embroidery machine?
Bernina Machine can I use these needles on my machine: Can I use these on my machine.
Will these needles work with the Brother SE 400?
Do these work in singer futura xl400?
Are these needles good PUL fabric and Knit fabrics for embroidery?
Can I use these needles on my brother LB-6800PRW project Runway computerized sewing embroidery machine
how big is it?
What are the dimensions of this item?
Does it works with felt or just paper?
Does this work well on card stock?
how big is the snowflake
what is mm of stitch width?
What is the width of arm bed?
Is there International shipping available?
I have a Janome DC3050. Considering MC6500 &amp; MC6300 but for the lack of auto threader. Is there a model that will satisfy both?
I have. Janome 8055 and to replace the needle is awkward. Difficult to get your hand in and the me insist is flimsy. Is this easier to change the need
How many inches is the throat of this machine?
Does this machine have a free arm?
Does this use 110volt?
what accessories come with this machine?
What is a free arm
How many pieces come in a pack?
Does this paper leave glitter residue when touched? Ex: If you were to run your finger across the paper, would you have glitter all over?
What is the back look like?? Or is it Glitter pink on both side??
2 questions: I am planning on using this to be stamped on - do you think the ink will stay on? Do punches work on this paper?
Would this be a good shade of gold for and Irish green and gold shower? Or is it more of a vintage shade?
What settings should I use for a silhouette cameo? Thanks!
Can anyone describe this color, diamond? I'm not sure if I need the white or diamond for my daughter's wedding. I think the silver may be too dark.
How many sheets come for this price?
Is this a real course glitter or a fine glitter? TIA
Is this paper too thick to stay together with glue (I want to cut little gold crowns and didn't want to use staples)? What type of glue holds best?
How many pieces come in a pack?
Does this paper leave glitter residue when touched? Ex: If you were to run your finger across the paper, would you have glitter all over?
What is the back look like?? Or is it Glitter pink on both side??
2 questions: I am planning on using this to be stamped on - do you think the ink will stay on? Do punches work on this paper?
Would this be a good shade of gold for and Irish green and gold shower? Or is it more of a vintage shade?
What settings should I use for a silhouette cameo? Thanks!
Can anyone describe this color, diamond? I'm not sure if I need the white or diamond for my daughter's wedding. I think the silver may be too dark.
How many sheets come for this price?
Is this a real course glitter or a fine glitter? TIA
Is this paper too thick to stay together with glue (I want to cut little gold crowns and didn't want to use staples)? What type of glue holds best?
How many pieces come in a pack?
Does this paper leave glitter residue when touched? Ex: If you were to run your finger across the paper, would you have glitter all over?
What is the back look like?? Or is it Glitter pink on both side??
2 questions: I am planning on using this to be stamped on - do you think the ink will stay on? Do punches work on this paper?
Would this be a good shade of gold for and Irish green and gold shower? Or is it more of a vintage shade?
What settings should I use for a silhouette cameo? Thanks!
Can anyone describe this color, diamond? I'm not sure if I need the white or diamond for my daughter's wedding. I think the silver may be too dark.
How many sheets come for this price?
Is this a real course glitter or a fine glitter? TIA
Is this paper too thick to stay together with glue (I want to cut little gold crowns and didn't want to use staples)? What type of glue holds best?
How many pieces come in a pack?
Does this paper leave glitter residue when touched? Ex: If you were to run your finger across the paper, would you have glitter all over?
What is the back look like?? Or is it Glitter pink on both side??
2 questions: I am planning on using this to be stamped on - do you think the ink will stay on? Do punches work on this paper?
Would this be a good shade of gold for and Irish green and gold shower? Or is it more of a vintage shade?
What settings should I use for a silhouette cameo? Thanks!
Can anyone describe this color, diamond? I'm not sure if I need the white or diamond for my daughter's wedding. I think the silver may be too dark.
How many sheets come for this price?
Is this a real course glitter or a fine glitter? TIA
Is this paper too thick to stay together with glue (I want to cut little gold crowns and didn't want to use staples)? What type of glue holds best?
How many pieces come in a pack?
Does this paper leave glitter residue when touched? Ex: If you were to run your finger across the paper, would you have glitter all over?
What is the back look like?? Or is it Glitter pink on both side??
2 questions: I am planning on using this to be stamped on - do you think the ink will stay on? Do punches work on this paper?
Would this be a good shade of gold for and Irish green and gold shower? Or is it more of a vintage shade?
What settings should I use for a silhouette cameo? Thanks!
Can anyone describe this color, diamond? I'm not sure if I need the white or diamond for my daughter's wedding. I think the silver may be too dark.
How many sheets come for this price?
Is this a real course glitter or a fine glitter? TIA
Is this paper too thick to stay together with glue (I want to cut little gold crowns and didn't want to use staples)? What type of glue holds best?
How many pieces come in a pack?
Does this paper leave glitter residue when touched? Ex: If you were to run your finger across the paper, would you have glitter all over?
What is the back look like?? Or is it Glitter pink on both side??
2 questions: I am planning on using this to be stamped on - do you think the ink will stay on? Do punches work on this paper?
Would this be a good shade of gold for and Irish green and gold shower? Or is it more of a vintage shade?
What settings should I use for a silhouette cameo? Thanks!
Can anyone describe this color, diamond? I'm not sure if I need the white or diamond for my daughter's wedding. I think the silver may be too dark.
How many sheets come for this price?
Is this a real course glitter or a fine glitter? TIA
Is this paper too thick to stay together with glue (I want to cut little gold crowns and didn't want to use staples)? What type of glue holds best?
How many pieces come in a pack?
Does this paper leave glitter residue when touched? Ex: If you were to run your finger across the paper, would you have glitter all over?
What is the back look like?? Or is it Glitter pink on both side??
2 questions: I am planning on using this to be stamped on - do you think the ink will stay on? Do punches work on this paper?
Would this be a good shade of gold for and Irish green and gold shower? Or is it more of a vintage shade?
What settings should I use for a silhouette cameo? Thanks!
Can anyone describe this color, diamond? I'm not sure if I need the white or diamond for my daughter's wedding. I think the silver may be too dark.
How many sheets come for this price?
Is this a real course glitter or a fine glitter? TIA
Is this paper too thick to stay together with glue (I want to cut little gold crowns and didn't want to use staples)? What type of glue holds best?
Do you have a suggestion of how to put a back on this and hide the stitching once I'm all done with the cross stitch/embroidery?
can you get this in the crib top only ??
does this have to be quilted
about how long does this pattern take to finish for a begginner
Does the stamped pattern wash off?
Are they made in USA or China
Can anyone tell me the width of the border around the edge?
does it have print on both sides?
is the price for one or a dozen?
Where is this bandanna manufactured?
can you use it for high temperature things?
hi can this be reused?also is it a dark brownish terra cotta or more orange color?
can you use this with a pottery wheel?
After it dries, will it retain the shape/design? Can it be used for essential oil aroma therapy jewelry?
What is this clay made of? Is it a polymer, is it natural clay or is it something else?
Does this clay contain sulfur?
Does it stain after dried? does color rub off? I want to make jewelry.
Is it non-toxic?
Once it dries if it gets wet does it stay hard?
Do they work and hold up well on canvas?
where is it made
Do you squeeze the product out into individual bowls or do the kids do it themselves? Not sure how to do this with a 3- and 4-year old.
ODOR - how do these smell ?- chemical like wall paint, or perfume/fake fruity scents added, etc...we are chemically and fragrance sensitive.
What's the difference between this and the crayola kid's paint set?
Can you use this product in the bath?
Can you use in the bathtub?
What is it made of? My curious toddler will want to taste it. Thanks!
Do the paints contail wheat? They are going to a glutin sensitve home.
Did anyone's toddlers get sick after eating it? Cause that's what kids do, they always eat some of the stuff.
Are you including the the original PVC pipe in the price?
Is it fee motion and can u do stipple
How small will the frame go down too
Will this work with a Janome Artistic Sit Down Free Motion Machine
Since you can't get close to the needle while quilting has anyone tried echo quilting or stitch in the ditch? or blanket stitch around appliques?
THIS FRAME WORKS WITH BROTHER XR9000?
Does this system require a special quilting sewing machine? (I'm not a quilter - I'm considering this as a gift)
What is the difference in red and white models?
how much does this system weigh? I have arthritis in my hands and wrists and am concerned that it will bee too much for me to handle.
how big of a space does this frame need to use and if I was to make it larger is that possable
Can someone please give me an idea what the various stickers are? I see some, crosses, people, but are there rainbows or anything else?
I need people stickers. Can you guess how many people are in the container?
i would like to use these for sorting. Do these contain a few of the same picture. I need about five of the same picture.
I see a lot of reviewers saying that this takes a long time to make. How many hours total would you guess?
Are the felt pieces already cut or do you have to cut them?
Can this stocking fit the name Benjamin at the top?
What kind of projects are featured in this book? I'm looking to learn how to crochet afghans and amigurumi.
I recvd this package today, however it doesnt seem to include yarn bobs.. Does this have the yarn inside the book?
Does this kit include yarn? What gives, eh?
What type of yarn is suggested for this? Is there a certain brand? It would be really helpful to be able to order yarn at the same time as this.
Where is this item including the needles made / manufactured?
Would this fit the American Girl Doll Bitty Baby?
will this fit an 18'' american girl doll?
Does this outfit hold up in the wash? If you have laundered it, please zap a response to me.
what are the measurements of the doll that the outfit fits so well? How tall &amp; how 'chunky' is an 'American Girl' doll? No one has mentioned this.
will this outfit fit the Adora 20 inch dolls?
Is this item all 3 pieces the embossing pads with the silicone for textured impression plates?
I have a Sizzix Big Shot machine with the clear plates and platform -- do I need these plates? I have been using embossing folders just fine. Curious!
Is it true that using these with the silicon pad will make any thin cutting dies (framelits/sizzlits) able to emboss? Thanks!!
do these work with the vagabond?
Do you still need the silicone sheet with these?
Can anyone verify if MAC lipstick tubes could be stored in this? Thanks!
Could this be used to store perfume samples? (1 ml, 2 ml etc- sample tubes) Thanks for any info!
Will the elastics stretch enough to hold 1" diameter tubes ? Thanks.
Is there enough extra material to be able to hang this on the wall?
What size are the small tubes and what size are the large tubes?. I wanted to order small tubes tubes to go with this unit
I'm looking for something to use to store all my Perler beads, but can't seem to find a picture that adequately shows the size of the tubes. Info?
Does this item come with all of the tubes for the carrier?
you didnot write the number of pices ?
These beads appear to be acrylic and not glass. certainly not murano glass. is the silver center that falls off really 925?
Are there duplicates?
how large is center hole
How many is it come?
what do you use the cilicone rings it comes with? in the picture it's mainly red,green and white. does it comes in the colors other than that?
do any of these maruno type have gold like bores, cores, centers, middles etc?
is the silver metal on the ends sterling silver?
Why is it going to take a month for delivery?
Are these made in China if they are shipping from China?
Any recommendation on a specific compressor? One that is small and quiet as possible. Will use the airbrush for wargame miniature painting.
If I purchase this airbrush and your Badger Air-Brush 10-Feet Company Braided Air Hose will I need anything else in addition to an air compressor?
Can this airbrush suitable for coulour cookies ?
There are two versions of this airbrush, the Badger Patriot 105-1 and the Badger Patriot 105-BWH. Does anyone know what the difference is?
I bought this airbrush but cant find any hose that will fit to it. its a m5 thread from what i have read. what is the right hose to buy for this
Does this airbrush come with a hose as some of the other badger airbrushes do?
Can this air brush be used with a normal automotive compresser with the appropriate air reducer
anyone know if I can use automotive paint with this airbrush? specifically house of kolor paints. thanks
Can that little dial set how far back the needle can be pulled, in order to stop you from making thicker lines?
What is the connection on this? I can't find any information on this. Is it 1/8th? Is it something else? How do you connect it to a 1/4 or 1/8 hose?
It has been about 3 weeks since I have used my paint tubes. Now when I use them, oil comes out with the paint and spreads on the fabric.
Does this contain 42 different colors?
Are the tubes as big in the "fully loaded case" as the ones in the smaller 8 pack sets? I noticed the 8 packs have 1 oz. tubes, but there is no amount listed on the larger set and they look smaller in the picture.
are there 48 tube protectors in the kit are ther pastel kits
HOW TO GET PAINT TO FLOW
Where can I find smaller (7" or smaller) metal hoops for these paints. Sometimes the 10" hoop is too big.
i bought a box of 8 paints and can't get them to flow
are they oil or water base paints
Does each of the "gift packs" come with the same colors?
Is this the same kind of floss that you would buy individually at Michael's?
Can I combine this floss with regular DMC floss or will a different sheen appear? Thanks! A stitcher
are these the newest DMC colors??
Which colors are in this package?
What is the country of origin of this floss?
Is the color black included? Didn't find it in a previous package of DMC floss?
how tall are the letters?
what is the stencil made of?
How big are the individual letters?
what is the width of the letter?
is there a question mark included?
Is it the hole alphabet or just ABCD? confused
Is the height of each separate letter 5 inches?
is this the whole alphabet both upper case and lower case
Can you tell me if this is cardstock thickness or regular paper thickness? Thank you!
How many sheets per package? 10? 25? 50? 100? Description gives no clue!
how many pages are in the pack?
What is the weight of the paper itself? It is like regular paper or card stock?
how much does it weight and does anybody know how it compares to Winsor and Newton aluminum watercolor easel which is also aluminum?
can this be used as a table easel also?
Does this easel have a palette holder?
When you use it as a table easel, can the height be *adjusted* via the legs, not just one position? I have a nice table easel I like a lot but when I stand to paint it's much too low.
Can this easel hole a flexible plastic board - 5ft wide and 3 ft high?
Does this easel really hold canvases up to 56 inches tall? Most in this style only go to 33" or so, and I need at least 36".
Is this item easy to ajust hight while working?
Product description gives two different depths: 8.25/8.2 and 6.5...which is correct?
What are the dimensions of the inside of the drawers?
Can you hang this on the wall?
Does it come assembled?
What is the true depth to this drawers? There are two different depths listed in the product description. (Mostly--could you store a hairbrush in it?)
Are the colors numbered, and is there a conversion chart for this brand to the major brands?
How many colors are in this "variety pack?" It's hard to tell from the picture but it seems that there may be 50 colors duplicated three times each.
Are the threads in this pack shiny &amp; satiny or soft &amp; matte?
I may be stupid for asking this question, but here goes. If you wound this on a spool, could you use it on a machine to embroidery with? Just asking
does the 105 pk and this 150 pk have any different colors ?
how many floss bobbins provided?
Do you need to wash before use? If yes, how?
Is there a chart for Iris that shows numbers AND color descriptions?
woudl you recommend this for a small child? Is it two speed?
can i or could i use this to amake a quilt
How do you get the needle to pick up the bottom thread? Mine is just pushing the top thread up and down
Did anyones else Machine break? Two times of using it, and now its totally broke. The red weaver thing broke, and now the whole machine is toast.
does this machine have a reverse stitch?
do you sell needles for this sewing machine?
Will this allow u to hem light cotton shorts an possible sew light cotton tshirts for a dachsund will use light cotton fabric
Can a 6 year old use?
Can you use regular spools of thread on this an can u rewind thread on bobbin an does it reverse stitch ? Thank u for the many responses decided i wld save me a headache an possible having find something better spent a lil more an getting a brother...
does it come prethreaded out of the box ready to use when new? if not WHY not
Will 81/2" x 11" paper in page protectors fit without extending past binder?
Does this come with any of the plastic sheet pages or is it the binder only?
Is it 8 1/2 x 11 x 3 or 2?
What's the binding width? How many pages will this album hold?
what is the actual measurement of the album?
How many hearts come in a package?
how many do i get in a order?
How many comes in this package?
does it work on the 7258
Is this compatible with the singer curvy 8770? thanks
Will this work with my Singer Confidence 7470?
does this fit the singer sew mate?
Will this ruffler work with a singer curvy 8763?
does the ruffler work on the Quantum 9960 Singer
I have a singer Athena machine is it compatible with it? Thanks so much!
Will this work on a SingerAdvance7422
is this compatible with the singer 5523 scholastic machine?
will this fit a singer 9100
Wondering how this works with a king sized quilt...does it allow you to turn to the angle you need or does the quilt get all bunched up?
Will this fit on the Grace stand with the ball swivel?
What are the dimensions of this item?
What is the inside height of the drawers, i.e. what's the tallest an item can be for the drawers to open and close without binding?
can you buy the frame without the bins
About how much lbs. of cardstock can you put into cart?
Do the drawers have a handle on them so you can carry them?
Can you buy 2 and stack them?
I have an Iris stacking drawer cart that separates into smaller sections. Is this cart like that or all one construction? Can you remove drawers ?
Is the height with or with out the rollers?
Is there anywhere I can buy the cart only without the storage containers? I've already got a bunch of those. Thanks.
Would this work well to organize legos?
Description reads: Table overall dimensions: 36''W x 24''D x 28.5''-46''H. Does table top ever become 46" tall? Or is this wrong? thx.
Can the top be adjusted so that it is horizontal, in other words, parallel to the floor?
Does this table fold up when not in use?
will it hold a sewing machine
The description indicates that it is solid wood construction. Is it truly wood or is it particle board that is laminated?
Will this hold a TV?
How sturdy is it? I mean If you put your palm on the surface and shake it gently does it wobble? I am going to use for drawing,
would this work out okay for painting?
Kindly provide the shipping Dimensions.
I imagine it's adjusted by screwing the knobs? is it a hassle to adjust to different heights a couple of times per day? Thanks!
Are foundation patterns provided for the border triangles?
Is other software required (such as EQ6) to make the Dear Jane software work, or will it work on its own?
Are you able to print the block patterns with 1/4" seam allowances for regular piecing?
I have a Mac and am having difficulty loading this software. Any suggestions
Has anyone used this on a Mac?
IS the user manual included, or does that require a separate purchase?
Do you need the book if you buy this software?
Are patterns for all the blocks included?
is it for MAC?
does it have a chalk board on one side and a dry erase board on the other?
Does the easel fold
how do I order additional paper rolls for this easel
Which markers are best to use on the white board side? I tried some Staples dry erase markers and they stained the board on the first use!
Do the trays have holes in them to hold paint cups?
how many bottles of paint can tray hold
Does it have a dry erase board
does the easel have a paper roll
Would this work for an 8 year old? She is asking for an easel for Christmas but a lot of them are too small or too big.
Is it magnetic?
What are the dimensions of this panel?
Does the turquoise glass have ridges in it? I am looking for one that is really bright with the ridges. I got another one but it had a lighter opaque glass and it wasn't as bright.
Is this glass strong enough to be put as a window in a house?
Add says 19.5 wide and 34 Tall. But in the question area I am seeing 9 inches wide. Which is correct?.
Can this be hung horizontally?
Can this be hung horizontally?
Can it be hung Vertically ? What are the true dimensions ?
can i hang it horizontally on a wall
Do you put a hook on for horizontal hanging for an extra fee-if not, where do you go to have this done?
Can this stained glass window hang vertically?
DOES THIS FIT A PFAFF thanks PAT hodge
Is it for either a right curve and a left curve ?
does it fit the babylock ellisimo
will this fit an older tall shank Bernina? and thanks for your time!
Will it work on a Featherweight?
How do assemble the foot pieces to make the curve master?
How does the curve part work? I don't quite get the concept.
will it fit a brother low shanks
does it fit husqvarna Viking designer 1
ok what am i missing? it says reversible but when i put it on my left had the pad is not on my palm but the back of my hand???????????
Is there a size chart for these gloves?
regarding this product being reversible, how do I reverse the padding so that it's in the palm when on the left? /
Do these wheels spin? I am trying to find 360 degree spinner wheels to attach to my luggage.
how can i put these on the legs of a coffee table? the bottom of legs are less than an inch square. i have to use the adhesive. thanks
do these work well on carpet surfaces or only on floors?
Could I attach these to a cardboard box after it comes off the luggage ramp and move a box through customs? Is the adhesive an immediate bond?
will it stick to a heavy fabric like denier?
Package photo shows silver casing for the wheels, but casing on wheels at bottom of photo appears black - so is casing for wheels silver or black?
could thye be attatched to a pet carrier to make it easier to get through airports?
can these wheels be used on the spin mop pai
Do they come off cleanly?I want to use them a temporary fix on a bookcase and plan on removing them. I just don't want it ruining the bookcase.
COULD you put two under a piece of 'carry-on' luggage?
Is there one or two gloves in this package?
how do I buy the other sizes that are available?
How do these gloves compare to IMAK arthritis gloves?
I don't even know my glove size. Does anyone know how to figure it out?
What fabric
size chart?
The picture shows brown. Will I get brown or green?
Is there LATEX in this pair of gloves??
Not sure what size. I am told to use 1 size smaller than my normal gloves (large)...is this true for these gloves?
What are these made of?
Would this hold lip gloss tubes?
CAN THIS STORE PROMARKERS!?
can it store prismacolor markers?
Can it store Spectrum Noir Markers?
About how big is this flower?
Do you have the option of punching three different styles of flowers? Or is the option solely for the stamps?
Can you punch through fabric with this puncher?
children
What are the dimensions of the drawer?
The canvas size is 16 X 20 will this work OK just to paint not to store the canvas?
Has anyone tried putting a coat of paint on it?
can you use this easel for just sketching?
where is this easel made, please?
I am thinking about purchasing this easel or a similar one to angle my Wacom Bamboo Create for drawing at my desk. Has anyone used it for such?
How wide is the unit - meaning it's longest dimension, width were one looking at it as if in use.
Hallo, why is not posibile the export to Czech Republik ? I pay per PayPal !
Can anyone tell me the angles between the work platform and the table? I work at a low angle and wonder if it adjusts low enough for my preference. Thanks!
Would this glitter work to add glitter to clothes if strip of mod podge glue or something of the sort is applied first?
Is this glitter non-toxic and lead free?
Will this glitter work for glitter toes?
I am using the iridescent glitter to cover glass bottles. Would this work for such an application?
can this glitter be used in candle making?
can this be used for rag rugs?
Where is this product made?
Can someone tell me as a beginner what accessories I would need for this besides a stand?
Do you have to have a stand or is that optional?
How long did this loom take to arrive-- how many days from order to delivery?
Does this require a separate warping board OR is the warping board built into the loom? This is answered. No more answers needed. Thanks!
Would these scissors be suitable for shredding receipts?
Would these work for making fringed flowers for 1:12 scale dollhouse plants? I work in miniature and am looking for something easier.
Do they work on fabric? Felt? Fleece?
Where is product made?
can these fringe scissors be used left handed?
can the scissors cut material
would this cut crepe paper?
would this cut crepe paper?
do these cut fabric
What size strips do these scissors cut to? most shredders are 3mm, are these different?
Can you use regular glue sticks with this gun?
Does this gun come in a case?
Can you please tell me the AC rating of this product - I require 220-240AC(NZ). Many thanks
What diameter glue sticks does this gun use?
I have a carpet-to-tile transition issue, and this gun was recommended. Can someone give me other uses for this gun after I take of the carpet?
Does it come with the glue?
Does this gun have a 110 plug in or is it a 220 like a stove or dryer?
Can you please advise the operating temperature and wattage out put of this model. Thank you
What is the temp range?
Mine did not come with the glue..can someone post a photo of everything that is in the case so I can make sure nothing else is missing?
How many watts of power does this heat gun have?
What temperature does it heat up to?
What is the actual size of this heater? Surely not 2.9 x 6.4 x 12.2, is it?
Can we use it in MiddleEast or only work on UAS?
Does it work with 220 v
How loud is this? Louder/quieter than a hair dryer?
What is the voltage for this tool (110, 220, 240, dual, universal)?
Can it work with 220 volt outlet?
Does it dryes glue on glitter faster and can be used for this? I'm new on card making and accept any tip gladly
Will it cut sheer cloth or ribbon? Or is it just for paper?
I'm looking for a butterfly that is a little bigger than the one I already have. How big is this one? Thanks.
What is the size of the finished butterfly?
list of colors in the pack???
i would like to stain bare wood blocks for my son. would this work?
are these paints vegan? Do they have any animal derived ingredients like Oxgall or bone?
Reeves watercolor paint
how much watercolor os in the tubes?
Will these "m" bobbins work in my Brother 425 (400) machine?
Are the bobbins prewound with actual bobbin thread?
How do the colors in this thread package differ from the 63 color package or are they the same?
Does anyone know where you can buy single refill colors?
Will these bobbins work for the Brother LB 6800 Project Runway?
Will the bobbins work for the Brother LB 6800?
Will it work on my PE500?
Will these bobbins fit a Babylock Ellageo esg3? Can't find the answer in my manual. Thanks for your help!
do these threads come in the compartment type box?
Does the bobbins fit a PE-770?
What size is this rolling tote?
what are the dimensions of this item
Will embroidery machine fit inside?
is this good for professional use? for making clothes
Can the measurements be adjusted?
Hi - has anyone used this dress form to display pants? Does it work with dresses as well as pants?
I do jewelry shows in people's homes....is this too heavy for me to carry conveniently?
Are there any dress forms for a size 0? Also, does anyone use theirs to create clothing ... does it work well for sewing &amp; draping fabrics?
Hello. Is this dress form available with a natural wood base instead of black? How tall is it in total? Is it good for displaying clothes?
What are the dimensions of this item? What is the diameter of the tubing?
Could this hold a 3 ft tall by 4 feet wide, 7.5 lb whiteboard?
Do the little "feet" holders that stick out go down far enough for a normal-size (34" high) flipchart pad to rest on top of them?
can it hold a white board?
Hello, Is each letter separate or are they as pictured?
Can someone PLEASE tell me exactly how WIDE the letters are? I am assuming they are 8" TALL?
Are they cardboard or plastic?
looking for a 1" letter width or stroke, do these fit the bill
Is each letter on a separate piece of cardstock?
IS this the entire alphabet or just one letter......................can it be reused
What cartridges did you get free
what are the cartridges that it comes with?
is it also computer compatable
How can I tell which mannequins accommodate pants also and measure at least 37"x 27"x 37".with 17" back waist length. Thank you very much, Deb
is this adjustable. what size is large
My daughters measurements are 33x25x35. Would this dress form work for her?
what size does this form fit
what is the total height measurement of torso only and also the bust, waist and hip measurements?
Do the XS and S size adjust up to 6'0" as well? What are the measurements for XS and S, and how can I order them? Thanks!
I have a Cuttlebug with plates that are 6" Wide &amp; 13" Long. Will these dies work with my Cuttlebug &amp; these plates?
I have a Cuttlebug with plates that are 6" Wide &amp; 13" Long. Will these dies work with my Cuttlebug &amp; these plates?
I have a Cuttlebug with plates that are 6" Wide &amp; 13" Long. Will these dies work with my Cuttlebug &amp; these plates?
I have a Cuttlebug with plates that are 6" Wide &amp; 13" Long. Will these dies work with my Cuttlebug &amp; these plates?
Can these dies be used with a Cuttlebug machine?
good afternoon I wanna know if the brother SE can work with another hood ejemplo 17 inch
Has anybody had any luck doing a 5x7 frame with the SE Brother SE 400? I make shirts and want to be able to do larger designs
Will they work for SE425?
does it works on Brother LB6800PRW Project Runway Computerized Embroidery and Sewing Machine?
Will these hoops work for the SE425 sewing machine?
I have a Brother LB600 is it possible to embroid larger area than 4 x 4 with a larger hope
Do these hoops work with the Brother Innovis Dreammaker 5100?
What are the dimensions of these hoops? just says small, medium and large.
Is the large hoop at 4 x 6 or a 5 x 7?
can you do hats with it
Asked earlier --can they be shipped to Mexico answer yes--so ordered and am told they cannot be shipped to destination
will these beads fit on my pandora charm bracelet?
can you tell me about how big around they are
Can they be shipped tp Mexico?
Will the beads string through a Leather Cord 3mm?
are they pandora compatible?
How much does it weigh?
Can this be folded and taken in a backpack ?
Is 180 lbs the absolute maximum? What if my dog is around 190 lbs? Will it still work (I only plan to use for emergencies)?
How do I determine the correct size?
What color is it?
Is it right or left hand?
Is this one glove or a pair?
Mine needs to be washed as I have worn it a lot. Any suggestions as to how it should be washed?
Will the small fit if I use a standard wrist brace that is an XS?
How useful is this glove with computer work or mouse work?
Is this helpful for carpal tunnel pain / numbness when sewing and cutting with scissors? Cutting with scissors is the most painful part for me.
Need a darning foot one quarter quiltingpresser foot, and a walking foogt for a Singer15-91
will it fit the Baby lock Quest?
Snap-on? or screw? Does this foot only work with newer snap-on type sewing machines?
Will this foot work with the SINGER One Easy-to-Use Computerized Sewing Machine?
Will this foot fit a Kenmore drop-in bobbin low shank machine?
My Son bought it for me for Christmas on the box it says BONUS! includes complete instruction (no Instructions) My machine is a Phaff will it fit that machine
How do you know if your sewing machine is a "Low Shank"? is the low shank specifically the Singer, or could my Brother sewing machine be low shank?"
what does this foot do is like a serger machine and will it fit a 4423 singer
Is this overcasting presser foot compatible with the snap on overcast foot for Juki HZL- F600 model.
What stitch setting would I choose, I have an Elna that is not electronic, Has several stitches that look like good edge stitches.
will this fit a Singer stylist 7258?
Will it fit the janome 8077
will this fit Singer #9015?
Does this fit the new Singer Futura XL-550?
Does it fit a So-Fro 9000?
will this fit a singer talent 3321 or a singer tradition 2277?
Has anyone had trouble with the bottom right flexible metal getting stuck in the feed dogs?
Will this work on a Singer Fashion Mate 5500?
Will this attachment work on a Brother SE270D?
What size circles does it make? Does it make different sizes of circles? Is there a video with it?
I received my daisy stich foot today and the complete instruction bonus papers are not with it. how may I get a copy of them?
Heard it doesn't work on embroidery machines. Is this true? I have a Viking/Husqvarna Designer 1 sewing/embroidery machine.
Will this work with singer 6160 low shank model?
will this work on brother 4432?
Will this work on a Bernina Aurora 440?
Will this work with viking sewing machines. I have the viking eden rose.
Does it work with Brother innov-is 550 SE?
Does this work on a standard machine or do I have to have a serger?
Will this fit Babylock Quest Pro, group G sewing machine?
Will this foot work on the Janome MC 8900 9mm machine ?
Can you tell me please if I can use a double needle with a Singer FashionMate 6160?
What width hem does this make?
how do you feed the cloth in? I've forgotten how - it's been awhile since I've used it. thank you!
Will this fit a Bernette 12 (by Bernina)? thanks!
Hello, I have a Brother CS6000i, does this one fit on it?
Will this fit a Viking Husqvarna 150?
Can this do a flat hem?
Is this a 4mm or 6mm?
Is this good for getting in tight spots or just forr Hemming?
Have Singer Model 6038C will this fit?
Hi, still waiting on answer from seller...I need to know what size felling foot this is 4mm, 6mm ????
I have a kenmore 385.19005. will this work on this machine?
Will this zipper foot work on a Bernina Activa 125S?
Will this foot work on a Viking Emerald 118 sewing machine?
Will this work on my Elna 3005 sewing machine ?
I have 2 bernina machines, will it fit? cuz I bought some similar at a cheaper price and said they fit bernina but the hole is not lined up with needl
Is anyone using this foot with a Brother SE-400? If so, how does it work?
does it fit brother project runway cs8800prw?
How does it work with Brother sewing machines?
I have a Janome model 2008 in Brazil , I'm looking for this zipper foot, I don't understand what is a low shank snap on, could you let me know?
Does anyone know if this fits Janome 7330
Will this fit my Bernina Bernette 20 machine?
I have a Shark euro pro will it fit that
I am making Easter dresses for my granddaughters and can't fine the zipper foot for mu Janome Memory Craft 9500 machine. Will this fit?
Will this fit the Janome sew mini?
Will this fit Singer CG 550?
does this fit well with the singer simple machine?
will this fit my baby lock Rachel?
I have a Singer model 2263. Will this zipper foot work?
thanks to the community, I've got this presser foot attached to the machine. Issue: on my first try, the needle hit part of the metal and broke? Help
I can't figure out how to put it on my machine? It doesn't just clamp on like the other presser foots. What am I missing?
How can you tell if your sewing machine has a low or high shank?
Will this zipper foot fit a 4403 singer?
Will it fit a Bernina 90e?
Hi, does anyone know if this with fit on a Janome 3128? I am brand new the sewing machine world and want to expand my creative options. Thanks.
Is the knob you twist in the back, to adjust, made of metal or plastic?
Will this fit on a Brother LB6800?
Will this fit a Brother LB 6800?
Has anyone used this foot successfully with a Brother SE400?
Will this foot fit my Pfaff?
will this fit privileg ?
will this fit Singer 4425? Also will it help when sewing leather?
will this presser foot fit the Janome DC3050?
Will this fit a Husqvavrna Viking 400.
Will this foot fit my Singer Quantum Stylist 9960?
will it fit Singer 7470
I am using 7/8" grosgrain ribbon and I need it to be folded once, will this do the trick? I don't want it to be folded under after being folded like traditional bias tape. Just once, so it's in half.
How many layers will this presser foot work with?
Will this work for putting binding on quilts?
Will this fit a Singer 7258? Thanks
Will it do 2 inch quilt binding
What sizes does it take? I want to make 1" double fold (1" wide after folded). Will that work?
Will this work fo quilt binding on my new Singer 90S?
Do you have to use single fold bias tape, or does double fold work as well?
Would this foot fit my Singer HD 5554 and 2010 Professional sewing machines?
Can I bind broad loom carpet with this foot?
I have a 1978 kenmore sewing machine. When his presser foot work on mine? How can I tell if my machine is high or low shank?
I have a Singer Futura XL-550 electronic (short shank) sewing machine. Can I use this foot or only on non-electronic machines?
Does any know if this will worker on the brother serger 1034?
will this fit a Brother Innov 40 Project runway NS40?
Will this fit the Elna 945 overlock machine?
Will this attachment fit my Singer 6160?
will this foot work on a babylock imagine model BLE1AT SERGER?
will this work on a singer model #5511?
singer confidence or singer 4613?
Will this foot work on my white 2000 ats serger?
Does this work with a husqvarna viking ruby deluxe?
Does anyone know if this will fit singer 7258?
How do I feed the material into the ruffler?
Will this fit a Singer 9100?
Will this fit Janome 4623LE Plus machine?? I want to make sure before I buy, I know it says all Janomes
Does it work on a brother CS6000i
Does anyone know if it will work with a Brother SE350?
Would this fit a Brother LS2125 Machine?
Does this work with Brother SE400???
will this work on the Brother LB6800 project runway machine?
Does this work to do multiple rows of shirring, like smocking, or only to gather on an edge of fabric?
Does it work on Brother JX2517? Thank you!
do these work on Husqvarna Viking machines? specifically the Emerald 118?
can you use two layers I want to make a double sided satin ruffle for a blanket
Hi, is this used on domestic or industrial sewing machines? Thanks
Can anyone tell me if they have use this foot on their 4411 singer machine? Thanks.
Does this work with Janome 6600P
Will this work for adding elastic on a Juki F600?
How does this work, how do i use, there are no instructions
Does this fit the Janome 8077?
will this fit a singer 7469Q?
Does this foot fit a Janome 6600?
Does this foot work on the 7630 Janome?
Will this fit singer quantam 9960 sewing machine?
Does it work with Singer model 6234?
will this foot fit on a white 9800
Will this foot fit on a Viking 400 (Scandinavia)?
Will this foot fit on a Bernina?
Does it fit a Bernina 1008 snap-on shank, a Bernina 1008 bought in 2009?
Will the Distinctive Distinctivepreeser feet fit my Viking machine? Thanks
Will the Distinctivepresser foot fit my Singer, model 2263?
Is the cording pressure foot easy to use and what the cording looks like after using this pressure foot?
does it fit brother project runway cs8800prw?
can the cording pressure foot work on fun fur yarn or eyelash yarn?
Will ASIN: B0032IM1YK accomadate a framed picture 29"x24" or a framed picture 23"x19"
Will this easel hold a book that is 3" thick?
Will this easel support 20lbs.?
I have a mirror that has a dimension of Dimensions: 27" x 38" x 1" and weight of 19 lbs. Will this floor easel be able to support my mirror? Thanks!
Can I set this easel on a table to hold a 24x36 framed picture?
What is the easel made of?
Will this easel hold a mirror that weighs about 100 pounds and the dimensions are 68" tall by 33" wide?
would this be suitable for a 11 x 17 picture frame
Will this easel accommodate a framed picture that is 36" x 48" ?
Are the supports adjustable?
I want to use this, after cutting to shape, to completely block out light, is it thick enough to be completely opaque?
I have a Macbook laptop and was wondering if this vinyl would stick to the external surface but also come off easily.
Is it the same color on both sides? IE, black and black? I want to put it on a car windshield.
Need to use this for a outdoors application. How will is hold up? And is it waterproof?
How thick is a single sheet?
Before use what is the vinyl stuck to? paper or plastic? I do not want to use the adhesive but the material acting as a vinyl holder is important.
will this stick to wood?
Looking for something to act as a skin/protector for the back of a tablet, will this do the job? Also, do I need transfer paper?
Need it for stainless steel appliance would it work?, and can it withstand some heat?
will this sick to leather to cover up a hole?
Does this have holes on both sides for use in a gerber edge machine?
This is permanent, but is it easy to remove when wanted (ie. from laptop or cell phone)?
Would this hold up on motorcycle forks
can you use this in car interior
I need a black self adhesive backing to cover back side of embroidery on nylon bags...will this work?
Would this peel off paint on a wall when removed as a wall decal?
could I use this to patch small holes on a couch ? is the adhesive on the product or do I have to apply it?
As far as applying it to a typical office desk top. Other than having it clean, are there any pointers on applying to get a smooth finish?
Does light shine through the vinyl? I need a "blackout" effect for some wall sconces that I am working on. Thanks!
I have a vinyl hot tub cover that is torn will this adhere to the vinyl
Does this work on fabric? How will it wash?
will this product work with my silhouette portrait?
can I use this on my walls? will I be able to take it off after I move out of my apt?
Because of the "permanent adhesive", this seems perfect for fingernail decals/polish. Can it be used as such?
Is this suitable for car decals?
Is this outdoor or indoor?
For use with the Silhouette cutters (I have the Cameo), do you put the vinyl on the cutting mat before cutting it? Do I need transfer material?
how much comes on each roll
I'm looking to cut out shapes tp use for wine bottle crafts - I paint them - Will this work? If I have an exacto knife to cut the shapes out?
IS THERE PURPLE VINYL INCLUDED IN THIS PACKAGE.
Will this stick to MDF? What clearcoat will stick to it? Trying to get an easy high gloss finish on my speaker fronts.
Has anyone used this on a boat or where it is exposed to a lot of water?
Could you use this to repair a leather chair?
what type of vinyl is it?
can i get gray?
Is this material opague for back lit signs
How to clean off painted surface?
I used it on a handheld blackboard, it seems permanent. Does it really work with blackboards?
Will this draw on and erase from concrete?
Will this pen adhere and be visible on a black plastic pot (for labeling potted plants)
Could be use for paper?
How well does this work on chalkboards
can u us it for sewing
Can these be used on chalkboard fabric
Can I use this on a dry erase board?
Can I use these on black kraft paper?
i am looking for vinyl to put sayings on the walls at my church, sheetrock and cinder block. Why is this not recommended for interior walls ?
Why is this "Permanent"? Does it peel off easily for laptop surfaces?
I REALLY WANT TO KNOW HOW THICK IT IS.
Does this hold up when placed on a wood sign outdoors?
can i wrap a car with it?
IS THIS REALLY 3MIL THICK?
I need a black self adhesive backing to cover back side of embroidery on nylon bags...will this work?
Does this work on T-Shirts
Is the backing all white?
Would you have any idea if these would work for an older Brother embroidery machine, the Pacesetter PE-100? Am very new to the embroidery world. Tha
Are these actual 15J bobbins or Class 15 bobbins? I saw an ad another place saying any machine using a 15J bobbin can use their Class 15 prewounds.
Will these work with the Singer Futura XL-550?
I have a Singer Curvy Sewing Machine. I think I need 15J size. I assume these would work in a Singer Curvy?
do these work in the Janome 350E embroidery machine
Are these only white thread bobbins? There is no mention of colours...
Are these bobbins filled with polyester or cotton?
Can I trim this with a scissor or knife?
Hi, is there anyway possible you can tell me how many squares there are going across? I am making a project that calls for 87 squares crosswise. Thx
Is it soft?
Is this just one sheet or is it multiple sheets in a package?
Is this bendable plastic or stiff?
Could you make the bottle a little easier to get product out. I have arthritis and have to squeeze very hard to get a few drops out.
Is this product vegan&amp;cruelty free?
Can you use this to remove sunscreen from a 100% cotton garment?
Do you need to use ths in the washer, or could you use it on furniture by rubbing in then blotting it out?
Would you please provide me the exp. date?
Is this product any good on fabrics that bleed? I bought a fabric for a quilt I'm making, pre washed it 5 times and the fabric still bleeds.
is in the pack 6 items of grandma's secret remover 2 fioz each?
Do you find that you ever need this big shot pro machine over the others? There are so few big pro dies and they are pricey.
What plates should I purchase to use Spellbinders Shapeabilities, Nestabilties and Impressabilities?
Is it compatible with spellbinders products, cuttlebug folders, etc?
what is the difference between The Big Shot Pro and The Big Shot?
Does this particular version of the BSP contain the Standard Sliding Tray or not .... descriptions do not match?
I bought this machine and it arrived yesterday. Love it, but when I cut chipboard it did not cut all the way through. Does anyone have a suggestion on the sandwich I should use? I tried to cut the big halloween skeleton and while the top of the...
Can I use it for letterpress printing?
Can this machine be used to cut felt shapes??
How many layers of fabric will it cut?
can you cut thick chipboard with the accucut dies in this machine?
where is this made?
left hand
Is this good for cutting carpet?
can these cut thru king crab leg
How do you safely clean the blades of this product?
Hi, I'm checking on fiskers website and the details are different for this same model, the blade here is rounded and the brand is engraved?
Will this work to age new brass hinges on a hundred year old door? Thanks.
I wish to oxidize a chain maille piece-will a jewelry tumbler remove the oxidation, or is it permanenet?
What is the shelf life of this? Does oxygen damage it?
could you use this in a crock pot to heat the solution? I have old brass drawer pulls I would like to turn to a black color.
I want to use this to stain copper sheet for embossing art projects. Will it work? Can you polish it off afterwardsw to create a more textrued effect?
Is this a copper sulfur liquid?
Can I use this to fix spots on my copper sink that the patina has come off?
Is this safe to use on kitchen copper sink?
Diluted with water, how many gallons will this make?
Am trying to restore oil-rubbed bronze finish on solid brass faucet. It is not bright brass - ORB finish was only partially removed. Will this work?
Is there supposed to be a spring, or do you have to keep opening manually. Also is there a video to show how to use them
Is the smooth side of this tool completely round or is it flat on the inside where it closes against the looping side?
Will these work with 18 gauge memory wire?
I've been using this looper for seven months and love it. However, the PVC tubing piece is wearing out. Where can I purchase extra tubing? Thanks!
Is there a way to make loops with an even diameter (e.g. 4mm, 6mm) with this tool?
is 5mm the largest loop of the three?
what are the OD's of the three 'loop maker' parts of the pliers?
Will this fit on a Singer 2277 (Tradition)?
Will this work with the Janome Magnolia 7330 sewing machine?
Will these work on a Singer machine with a screw, or can I get an adaptor that will allow me to use them?
Will this work on a Janome DC2013?
does the open toe fit onto the walking foot? yep new to sewing.
Does this work on Brother CS-6000i sewing machine?
Will this walking foot fit a Kenmore model 18221?
brother se400
do these work on the Singer One Touch? How do these work on the snap-on type?
Does the walking foot have a quilting guide? I would order the set instead of the single walking foot if it does.
Are there left handed models?
Hello, What do I need to purchase to sharpen the blade? Thanks
Would this be recommended for spoon carving?
Does this come left handed. I do not want the 163. The curve is not sharp enough
i see three models listed here. I am looking for the main single edge right handed hook. If this the right one?
Is it left or right handed or can one specify
I am left handed, and I have never used a hook knife. Does this knife more suited for right handers?
Is it a right handed tool?
Does this product stay solid over long periods of use? Or does the blade begin to wiggle after a while?
Can I type 2-3 words and spaces together using my keyboard, then transfer to machine to stitch? That's what I am wanting to use it for.
Brother PE780D vs PE770 for best machine to begin with
Is it compatble brother 400es
Can you preview patterns you've bought on line with this program
What size lettering can this do?
can it be used with a PC8200?
can it be use with PE500
Would I be able to buy other monogram fonts/designs and use this software to arrange the monograms?
With this software can you do script names? Example if I wanted to do my first name on something. I own a brother PE750D embroider machine.
Will this software allow me to combine three vine letters in a traditional monogram?
How many yards are on each spool?
how many yards per spool
that brings yardage each thread?
Does this set use a color numbering system similar to any others (like Madeira rayon)?
Title says 12 x 12 sheets and description says 6 x 12. Which is it?
I am confused. If it has self adhesive backing, why do you need transfer paper? I have a cricut 2 expression machine - do I need the deep cut blades
How well does it work with a Cricut?
Would it work well as a stencil like normal vinyl from silhouette? Thank you!
Comes with transfer sheets??? or I need to buy separately? Thanks in advance!
If i wanted to use this for a monogram to put on a water bottle, would it withstand being hand-washed?
Is this for use with heat press ?
Is the vinyl outdoor, oracal 651?
can you use this on shirts?
These are sheets and not the rolls of vinyl?
Can I use this to cut out stencils then stick it to shirts and use that stencil to dab fabric paint? Then remove again and put in another shirt?
is this not for t-shirts?
Can I put this on a wine glass? If so, will it stay on after washing?
What is the brand of this vinyl? What is the thickness? i.e. 2/3 or 4 mil ?
Would you recommend this set, the 40 color set with the larger thread locking spools or the 22 color starter set (all the same brands)? I am just getting started and trying to gather my supplies. I have a Brother SE400.
do you have to get spools just for a brother if i have a brother se 400 embroidery machine or does that even matter?
Is there a color chart for reference with the number on the spools?
Would this thread be appropriate to use as a basic sewing/top-stitching thread, as well as decorative stitching? My machine is a Brother CS-6000i.
Spools size is larger than regular thread and underneath is wide for stool holder and it's wobble. Any suggestion or idea to make hold w/out wobble?
I do not see 40wt on the spool, it says 500m. My designs and machine call for 40 wt. Is this the corect thread?
Is it the thread only, or does it come with the rack as pictured?
Singer Futura 550 thread keeps jumping off spool &amp; around the spool pin because the spool opening on the bottom is so much larger than the pin size ??
Can this be used in a serger?
how does it sow in zigzags and strait line?
Looking for a conversion chart to Brother Embroidery colors for these threads?
how do the thread fit on the machine ,I mean the spool is to big for my se400 brother sewing machine
What is the weight of the thread? I am looking for a thick weight thread
How do you start the thread off the spool? Can't find a loose end!
What is the name of the thread?
Can you give me the numbers of the thread colors before I buy this group?
Hello, will these large spools fit a regular sewing/embroidery machine? Thank you!
Are they made in China?
Will these thread fit the Brother SE425 thread cassette
Do you sell individual spools of this brand thread? I am needing P426. Thank you
I ordered this to attach INSIDE a leather purse-I will find a way to attach my cell phone. With what do I glue this metal to the leather?
it comes in pairs or just one belt clip?
Would it clip onto a golf bag in such a way as to be usable?
This item 1240-24 measures 7/8" x 3". What is the inside dimension?
When I increase quantity, shipping cost doubles. Can you combine shipping?
Will this work with the Kimber pepper blaster?
Will it work on a brother se400?
will these work for a brother se400 or brother se425?
is this a 4x4 design card
Will it work with brothers LB6800PRW machine?
Will these work on the Babylock Espree?
Will card work on brother pe500?
Hi I'd like to get the design for modifying them, got the software, does the card come with all the designs from the machine? thanks
do i need to download additional software on mype770 for the cards to work
the cd for emboride machine do the downn lod to the machine so you can sew them
Will the memory card work in a PE-7500
Does this come in white leatherette?
i want to know once i send my payment will i get this exact stand?
i really want this stand but i want to make sure i get what is pictured. in the reviews many say it was short and they didn't get this item..?
how tall is it?
Someone said this machine uses 110 volt.Where would I plug this in?
Do you need a Euro to American conversion?
Can you get a finger guard for this machine?
Does the machine come with extra needles? If not, where can I buy them in case it breaks?
Is there a 1/4 inch foot for this machine?
Is there a 1/4 inch foot for this machine?
Does it come with a bobbin?
Can this do monogramming?
Will this machine hold and use a regular spool of thread?
Does this machine run on batteries or does it plug in? The pictures show a place for batteries but a reviewer says it plugs in.
Hi. I am looking to use for making lip balm. Is it a screw top lid or just a snap on lid? Thank you in advance for your help.
What size are the container in side
does the outer container lid snap on or can it just fall off?
I am planning a Ghostbusters party and was wondering if this would be good enough to hold "Ectoplasm Slime" for the kids?
Are these containers waterproof?
How sturdy is the storage container holding the individual jars?If held w/one hand will it hold flat or do I need 2 hands because it is floppy?
inside diameter?
Do you ship to europe?
What kind of plastic are these jars made of?
Hi I would like to buy 4 unopened master cartons/Packed 6 per. 24 units x $8.03, I will only buy if you can ship in the master carton, no loose units!
I know they will work with Babylock 6 needle, bu will these work on Babylock 10 needle?
Can I use these on my PR1000e? It says PR series but doesn't list the 1000 as one that it will fit, only the 6 needles.
I have a pr655 6 needle, do not see this listed; will these frames work on my machine?
Will these work on the PR1000e series?
Hi there was just wondering if these will work on brother 2600D dream weaver embroidery sewing machine
DO WE GET FREE STABILIZER WITH THE HOOPS
Is it possible to float a regular stablizer to the sticky to avoid getting the sticky stablizer stuck to your garment?
will these work with bmp 6?
I have a baby lock Model BMPS six needle , will these work on it?
Do these hoops work with the Babylock Endurance II 6 needle?
How many pieces come in a pack?
Does this paper leave glitter residue when touched? Ex: If you were to run your finger across the paper, would you have glitter all over?
What is the back look like?? Or is it Glitter pink on both side??
2 questions: I am planning on using this to be stamped on - do you think the ink will stay on? Do punches work on this paper?
Would this be a good shade of gold for and Irish green and gold shower? Or is it more of a vintage shade?
What settings should I use for a silhouette cameo? Thanks!
Can anyone describe this color, diamond? I'm not sure if I need the white or diamond for my daughter's wedding. I think the silver may be too dark.
How many sheets come for this price?
Is this a real course glitter or a fine glitter? TIA
Is this paper too thick to stay together with glue (I want to cut little gold crowns and didn't want to use staples)? What type of glue holds best?
Why are the feet limited to machines that have a top loading drop in bobbin? My machine has a front loading bobbin. How does this make a difference?
Will this kit work on a Singer 6105?
Would these fit a Husqvarna Emerald 183?
Will these work on my Singer Curvy?
Has anyone used the gathering foot with a Brother cs6000i?
Anyone know if this set will work with a Kenmore 385? Received and it does fit.
Can I use the feet for my Janome HD1000?
Does it fit viking +1 ?
Will the feet in this kit work with a Bernina 350PE that uses the new type of feet?
Is the hotfix glue on these clear?
can i glue these to fabric
hello, are these 12mm in size?
Can you use this die with a Cuttlebug?
hazel crafts flower dies
What size is the finished flower?
Will this work using the vagabond? I hope....
Do you need extended length cutting pads for this die?
I have just bought a 2nd hand ecraft - should I have got a disc so that I could get onto my computer to use it?
what kind of battery fits in ecraft craftwell
how good is the software
Does the software work on a Mac?
I have just bought a 2nd hand ecraft - should I have got a disc so that I could get onto my computer to use it?
what kind of battery fits in ecraft craftwell
how good is the software
Does the software work on a Mac?
I have just bought a 2nd hand ecraft - should I have got a disc so that I could get onto my computer to use it?
what kind of battery fits in ecraft craftwell
how good is the software
Does the software work on a Mac?
how tall are the letters?
Can the alphabets be used individually?
Can this product cut felt or fabric ?
What is the size of the LETTERS? Not the die strip. The LETTERS??
Can you print on this vinyl (ink jet or laser)?
This says repositionable. So if I put it up, I can take it off and put it somewhere else??????
Can you heat set this vinyl with adhesive on it?
i want to cover up ugly cabinetry in a rental apartment. Could I use this and remove it easily?
What type of pen or marker should I buy if I want to write on this paper?
Can I use this vinyl for an indor wall decal. I just want to add white stripes to my nursery's blu wall. I dont want to cut shapes or anything.
Can I use this to wrap Natural and Organic Soaps?
i order this a lot! it works so well with my eco printing... but i need to know the weight of the paper
is this paper translucent with fibers? could be used for collage or mixed media techniques?
Can this rice paper be used to make lampshades?
Is this the paper to use for Gyotaku (ink fish art)? What is the measurement of this roll?
Could you print graphics and designs on portions of this paper through a regular printer?
Can you write on this paper with a regular ball point pen?
Could this be used on windows to diffuse light?
is there a reason that it says it is 50 inches long? i think it's fifty feet long... mine is definitely longer than 50 inches
Does it dissolve in water?
Can this be used on walls and not damage the wall when they are taken off?
how do I apply it? I do not want to cut it, I want to use this as a border in my son's room. Is it just peel and stick ?
used to fit to an vehicle?
I ordered a 10 ft black roll this past year. The last half of the roll has a lot of bubbles what can i do short of removing the vinyl?
I am making an interactive wall for my boy's room. Can this be put up on a painted wall and then taken down and moved multiple times by little kids?
is it water proof?
Why must I use adhesive-backed vinyl if I need to use transfer paper anyway for acid etching glass?
Planning on cutting this with my cricut. Does it require any transfer paper or anything or do you just cut and stick?
phaff embroidery sewing andembroidery machines how good are they
Does anybody know how to do a Factory Reset on the designer se? Screen is so far out of calibration that it says it needs a factory reset. HELP
My designer Diamond has suddenly refused to load designs onto thee screen from a USB stick. I have tried several and none will work. Help!
On the majestic hoop, I seem to need instructions on how to line up designs when I turn the hoop. Can anyone help?
Is anyone having difficulty with, when starting out to embroidery, the thread knotting. I have had to restart as many as 8 times to get it to go.
my designer s e keeps bunching the thread up underneath
Does anyone have any problems with the viking sapphire 960q Sewing machine?
Can this Designer Diamond embroidery machine work with Windows 8?
How old is this machine?
machine keeps saying CHECK THREAD...I have rethreaded over and over and over and over and it sews about 4-5 stitches and then says it again? Help please ...any suggestions are welcomed
An Etsy seller suggests this to use as colored cardstk for stamped wedding invitations. The question about it smearing concerned me - would that work?
can this be used on paper napkins with clear stamp?
I bought some white pigment ink and made a card and the next day I touched it and it smudged.Why does this happen?
Can the stamp pad ink be refilleD?
I would like use this ink to stamp my logo on kraft paper box.Do you think would it work?
Would this work on a printed canvas?
Does it dry right away when you heatgun the embossing powder?
Can I use this on fabric, and if so, will it be permanent?
is there an ink pad around the size of 5x7?
Is this good to use I fabric and is it permanent ?
An Etsy seller suggests this to use as colored cardstk for stamped wedding invitations. The question about it smearing concerned me - would that work?
can this be used on paper napkins with clear stamp?
I bought some white pigment ink and made a card and the next day I touched it and it smudged.Why does this happen?
Can the stamp pad ink be refilleD?
I would like use this ink to stamp my logo on kraft paper box.Do you think would it work?
Would this work on a printed canvas?
Does it dry right away when you heatgun the embossing powder?
Can I use this on fabric, and if so, will it be permanent?
is there an ink pad around the size of 5x7?
Is this good to use I fabric and is it permanent ?
What size are the slats?
Could you cut these with an exacto knife?
Are these good for fins on a model rocket?
How many slats in a package?
what is the size of each and how many per unit?
are they all upper case or are they a mix of upper case and lower case?
Can anybody please tell me what are the actual sizes of the the letters? Thanks.
What size are these?
What size are the letters?
How thick are the letters. Thinking of using them for Concrete Stamping.
Can I get a package of just the letter G? I need 160 of them.
could i use these letters on an outside sign
Will these work for scrapbooking
how many of each letter are there?
What does the font look like?
An Etsy seller suggests this to use as colored cardstk for stamped wedding invitations. The question about it smearing concerned me - would that work?
can this be used on paper napkins with clear stamp?
I bought some white pigment ink and made a card and the next day I touched it and it smudged.Why does this happen?
Can the stamp pad ink be refilleD?
I would like use this ink to stamp my logo on kraft paper box.Do you think would it work?
Would this work on a printed canvas?
Does it dry right away when you heatgun the embossing powder?
Can I use this on fabric, and if so, will it be permanent?
is there an ink pad around the size of 5x7?
Is this good to use I fabric and is it permanent ?
Want this for a finger printing project, how difficult/easy does this ink wash off hands?
what are the color names in the shabby chic colorbox pigment petal point set?
I have a 2.5" diameter stamp. Can I dip the whole thing and get a rainbow image? Or are there raised dividers that would interfere?
Are the individual stamp colors removable so I don't have to get a rainbow with larger stamps?
Anyone know if this will work on a canvas? I want to collect kids thumbprints on a canvas for an art project. Thanks!
Does this ink bleed through (planner) paper? Will it stamp clearly with small clear acrylic stamps?
Hello, I just got my package, but the Itam have some damage, the cover have rupture . how can i do ???
What are the names of the colors (in clockwise order)? I'm making a chart of the colors for a friend and only have the name of the set.
How long does the ink last? Is one enough for 100 thumbprints?
What kind of material should I apply the ink on? Is paper or poster kind of paper good?
What is the diameter of the barrel?
How many in a pack?
How many pieces are in this package?
How large is the air tank
What is the working PSI of this unit? Will it maintain 30lbs for an airbrush?
hi guys, im new in this so i want to get into a airbrush and i like to know about this compressor or other that you think it would be good?
Has anyone here used this compressor over a long period of time, say a year or more? I'm concerned about its durability based on prior reviews.
How much noise does it make
Does this effectively remove enough moisture in order to reduce the humidity inside of a (very small) desiccator cabinet to below 20% starting f/ ~60%
Do you know if this would be good for custom t shirt designs? I have a Badger Krome.
Does this tank come with a hose?
this is my first compressor, can someone direct me how to set the PSI or to a video? Mine doesn't seem to adjust by turning the dial.
is it 110V or 220V? or is it switchable to either Voltage? Thanks
Is their any caps you can buy to cover the nozzle stem after their use to protect unused paint.
Can this airbrush be used for spray painting cookies with the gel colors?
Can someone tell me the size of the clear tubing. I need to replace it. Thanks.
How do we know what airbrushed they will fit? I have a "paasche VL" can these be used ?
will these bottles work with an Iwata Revolution siphon feed?
Will the master airbrush jars work with harbor freight 95810 delux air brush kit?
Planning on getting the airbrush kit for my daughter. Does she need a glass bottle for each color?
Will they work with Badger 200 airbrush?
With these wor with simple or double action airbrush?
I have a "paasche H" can these be used?
I see that the water is gone from the water trap. My compressor stopped working and this is all that I see that may be wrong. What should I do?
does this compressor come with an hose attachment?
HOW DO I GET A INSTRUCTION MANUAL
Can I connect it to 220volts?
Does this generate it's own air/
What is the size of the thread coming out of the regulator? I have this model and am purchasing a new airbrush. Thanks!
is it worth the money I just bought it for my grandson for his Birthday
Is the stool comfortable.
Can I use a T-square on this table?
How high does the table go when it is laying flat? I am looking for a bar top height.
Main Work Surface 35.5 W x 24 D what unit? is it on inches or meters or centimetres?
Does this table come with a light option? I need a light source from underneath for applique placement.
When will this be in stock and ship? There is not date? I really want to order for a Christmas present!
Can iy cut laminated cards?
Can this cut multiple pieces of cardstock at once? If you've tried this, about how thick was your cardstock, and how many did you try cutting at once?
do the newer cutters still have the problem of fraying wires
Need replacement blades...which replacement pack available at amazon is correct??
Will this cut foam board?
For the life of me I cannot find out which TITANIUM replacement blades I need for this cutter. Can anyone tell me? Thanks.
What type of blades does it come with? Does it come with the blade to score the paper?
The wire that is strung underneath cutting blade has frayed and broken. How do I replace it?
Are the lines dark and easy to see? I want t good trimmer for my mom who is visually impaired.
Will it cut magnet paper (i.e., thin magnets that are printable)?
how big are these earrings?
What type of metal are the posts and are they hypoallergenic?
I already bought 10 pairs of them from you and what if I want more with different colors ? Do u have any color options ? I really want to buy more.
IS the interior lined or raw copper?
Where is it made?
How many people does this brew tea for?
are these three all the same or is this three different adapters? Not clear from the description.
Where can I get a quick disconnect for my Paasche airbrush. I have two but they are 1/4 inch and the Paasche is 1/8 inch. An adapter would work fine. Thank you
would any of these hook up with a regular compressor? like the ones used for nail guns and such?
Will this allow me to connect my Paasche H-Set airbrush to an Iwata air hose?
Will one of these adapters fit the small male threading of the Aztek airbrush itself, so as to then connect to a 1/8" fitting?
Will one of these connect the badger airbrush hose to the master compressor?
Bought a neo air compressor (small) purchased paasche single h action airbrush will these adapters work both came with hoses seem uncompatible
Hi, can anyone tell me if this will work on a jamone 555 sewing machine, it looks like the same connection fitting
Will this fit the Janome 3125 Lightweight machine?
Will it work with the Montgomery Ward Model 1943 sewing machine?
will this work with a Janome Harmony 2049?
will this cord fit a janome serger 1100D
Will it work for a pfaff hobbylock 4752 serger?
Does this come with a power cord or is it just foot pedal?
does it work with Janome 4052?
Is this compatible with Viking Husquvarna Emerald 116?
Does it come with the power plug-in?
I have a BabyLock Ellure (ESL). Bobbin Part # in my book is 136492-101. I want to be sure these will fit. Height Dimensions?
Anyone know if these fit the babylock ellagio (older version)?
I have a esante esi and it takes L style bobbin. What size are the 50 pk clear bobbins?
I have a brother super ace 2. and my bobbins are 9.4 mm high. hoe high are. these in mms pls
I am looking for bobbins - number 136492151 for simplicity - model- 6600
Does this bobbin fit the Brothers CS 6000i?
Will this work in a Brother Innovis 6000D?
Where can I buy a bobbin case that will fit the Babylock Ellageo 3?
IS FIT IN SEW MACHINE CE4000 COMPUTER
will it fit in my Brother se400?
Good day, Fits Brother ES2000?
Does this bobbin fit the LB6800?
Does this bobbin case fit Brother machine xl-2230?
will this bobbin case fit Brothers se-350
Fits Brother PE750D?
Can you use this on a standerd machine? How much room do you need to have between the needle and body of the machine?
How large of a quilt can you do? Will it work with a Singer machine?
My home machine has an automatic thread cutter (that is ideal with this type quilting system) but top loading bobbin? This would probably be inconvenient as far as the bobbin is concerned, but would the pre-wound bobbins be a better choice since they...
Does this frame work well with the Singer 7469Q Confidence Quilter? If you want to change the rods to make a full or queen size quilt, would it work?
how do you quilt larger than the 45 inch width stated?
I have a Babylock Tiara quilting machine with Tru-Stitch Regulator. Will this work on it?
what difference between the different models and prices showm?
Does this work with a Bernina 750 machine
does it come with a dvd
can you do lettering on blankets
work for janome 6260?
will they fit a Janome 11543
Will these fit a Janome 2030DC
Will these fit a Brother CS600i?
Will these fit a White 1418?
Are these ok for a Janome Memory Craft 6600 Professional?
Do these work on the Janome Magnolia 7330?
I have a Janome 2212...will these work?
will thse bobbins work in a Babylock machine?
Do these bobbins fit the Kenmore Model 385?
Will these feet fit on the type of sewing machine that has the screw in feet
hOW DO YOU KNOW IF YOUR MACHINE IS LOW SHANK?
I purchased this product but do not have instructions or which foot does what. Is there something that I can download and get to help me out. Thanks
Can someone tell me if the rolled hem foot is 1/4" or 1/8"? Thank you!
Can anyone identify the 2nd or 3rd foot in from the left in the lower row? Also does the seam bar attach to one of these feet?
Will these fit a brother xr1300?
hi, i have a singer simple 2263. will these work?
Will these work well on a Singer Model 5523?
Do these fit brother LS 1217 sewing machine
singer
picture does not match, picture on search shows a dark colored shank which does not have a hopping mechanism. The above picture has a clear shank wit
I have a Viking Husqvarna Model 350. I want to know if the foot would fit my machine?
what thread tension is used when free motion quilting?
does this fit the brother ls2125?
Is the pedal truly universal? If I can make the cord fit, it will work on any sewing machine?
Does it fit the singer 2932 ?
Does it fit White 1407?
Will this work with a Kenmore model 1227?
Does this Generic Item fit into my Brother CS-6000 i ?
Will this cord and pedal fit the Singer Simple 2263 machine?
Does it fit the Pfaff Performance machine?
does it work with Husquavarna viking sarah model
I recently bought a Singer serger 14SH654 from the "other" website but it came with the wrong cord. While looking at the "other" website for the correct cord and foot pedal control, I found out there are two types; a one speed only and a variable speed...
What is the model number? Should start with "YC"
I have a White 1634 Speedylock. The ends look the same; do you know if this will fit that machine?
will it work on a Kenmore the plug looks a lot like mine
Will this work on a Brother ce-5000PRW?
Does it fit Brother PC-420?
Will this fit my Brother CP6500? I can't find parts for it anywhere else.
Will this work on a Brother CS 80 sewing machine?
Does this foot pedal work with a Brother SC9500?
will this foot work on a Huskylock 560ED?
Will this work on a brother zr1355 sewing machine
will this work with the singer fashion mate 7256?
will this work on a brother cs6000i
Will this work on a Singer 5500?
will this fit a 20 year old Kenmore? Model number: 385.17126690
will this foot fit a Brother SE400 and a 2nd sewing marchine, White Model #750?
will if fit a Pfaff Creatvie 1475 CD
Will this fit a Singer 7444 Precision?
will it fit the singer 160
never received instruction for singer feet, why? can I get them now
WILL IT WORK WITH A VIKING DS?
Is this an accurate 1/4 inch? I read that it was a generous 1/4 inch. Quilting looks better if its accurate
is this low shank
will this fit a kenmore 385 17124
Which one do I need? This snap on or the low shank presser foot?
How does the attach to the shank? I have a "vintage" Kenmore (158-12512) and can't figure out how to attach it to the shank of the machine.
Will this fit a Super Jeans 26?
Will this fit a Super Jeans 26 model?
Will this snap on shank fit on a brand new Janome 7330 Magnolia? Mine had a plastic part that I already broke. Thanks.
Do you have one that fits a singer 5530
Hello do you know if this will fit a Brother XL2030 sewing machine? Thank you!
Does is fit Bernina 1008
Which one do I need? This snap on or the low shank presser foot?
If this is high shank then does it come with a high shank snap on adapter? I have a kenmore 158.130 but it doesn't have a snap on foot.
Is is high shank (like the title), or low shank (like the description)? I need high shank for a1960 model "Universal" brand deluxe zig zag machine
i good a vintage good housekeeper zigzag deluxe. will it work?
Will this work on older Kenmore machines? I have model 148.531; will it work on my machine?
Is there a straight high shank adapter included? Thanks.
I have a Kenmore 158-18800 - it has a high shank but don't know if it's very high shank or just a high shank.
Will this kit fit a Simplicity Celebrity sewing machine Model S210?
Will this work with older machines like Singer 66-14? I plan on using Alphasew motor (High Speed) #NA35L-HS.
what does the plug look like?
How does the other end of the cord look like ? does it have three holes shape ?
Is this compatible with a Janome machine? Does it need any additional cords?
What is the amp rating (should be printed on the bottom of pedal unit)?
will this work with any compressor? I have an Iwata compressor
Can I use this for painting, instead of spray tan?
i have a Iwata Silver Jet Compressor would this gun be compatible for spray tanning?
Wondering if this will work with my mini makeup compressor? It has a rubber tube for hook up (no connector), and max 15 psi.. Will it work??
Why is it, when I use my big air compressor, that it doesn't "suck" up the solution? All I get is air. And I have it set at 20 psi. Even tried 15 psi
I just received my gun and the other ones I use have a much bigger opening for the hose to connect so this will not work with my machine. do you know if there is an adapter i can put on it to make it fit a "quick release" hose. My hoses and couplings...
Does this come with a hose or do I need to buy one?
Are these beads glass or the cheap acrylic ones?
WHAT SIZE ARE THE BEADS? 4MM 6 ETC
BEAD SIZE
What is the gauge of the wire? or in millimeters. Are beads a size 6/0 or smaller?
I bought a stanwood and the plastic gears are chipping away. Am returning it. Do the gears skip if you wind too fast or at any time?
How much yarn in a ball, and how big is the ball?
will this do a 4 or 6 oz skein
Can I use the Royal Ball Winder alone or must I have the yarn swift too?
What is the maximum thickness of a table that this will fit?
Where is the Royal Ball Winder made? Amazon doesn't specify a manufacturing country. Walmart.com says the USA, but I'm skeptical.
How durable is this winder?
Is the spindle upright like this picture or horizontal like the other one?
does this machine sew through many layers of fabric
monogramming: What type of monnogramming does this machine do?
Does it actually have automatic thread cutter where I just press a button? Brother is falsely advertising this feature, there is no scissor button.
how much does this machine cost?
I had to take the metal plate under the foot off because there was thread stuck under it, now it wont sit flush can anyone help?
Is there a complete list of the types of stitches that comes with this? I'm looking for a maching that does the Satin Stitch.
does this machine momogram or embroider?
Do you think these would stay on fabric at least for an evening? We are decorating capes at my kids party. Thanks!
Are these on a sheet or do you have to peel the individual pieces. I am trying to figure out if these would be easy for 2 or 3 year olds to peel.
what colors do these come in? are they like the photo (just red, blue and green etc) or are there more of a variety of colors? Thanks
Will they stick to wood?
Would these jewels stick and stay on a stretchy spandex type material? It's for a carnival costume.
if i used eyelash glue could i use them on my face?
Are there black stones in the middle of the other ones?
i want to decorate glass bottles. will they stick?
Do these stick on felt?
I lost the foot pedal and cord for my BL3800 (Babylock). Which foot pedal will work with this cord?
would this cord fit my CS-6000i Brother's sewing machine? I lost the power cord while moving
Looks like the same cord for the Bernina 440QE--would it work??
does it fit a brother ls-1520
How long is this cord?
does this cord work on CC-6000i?
Does this fit a Simplicity American Quilter Model SA400L
Does this fit the Brother Project Runway CE7070PRW ?
does this fit a CE8080PRW model?
are these bobbins genuine, made by the Bernina company?
will these fit my Bernina 560?
I'm looking for Bobbins for my wife's Bernina B560, which is not listed. However, they look the same as the 6026.52.00 used on her machine. W'work?
Do these work for the Artista 180?
will this fit my Bernina 560?
are these true bernina bobbins
Does this fit the Brother CS6000i?
Does this invisible zipper foot fit Singer Model 2273?
Will this foot fit a Kenmore Sewing Machine?
does anyone know if this fits the universal shank adaptor? I have a high shank Bernina and use the universal and it works. If so, that would be very h
Hello all. Does anyone know if this foot fits a Brother XR9500PRW machine? I assume it does if it fits the CS9000i but thought I should check.
What is the width of the shank?
Will it fit my SINGER heavy duty 4432?
Does this fit a Singer Confidence 7470?
How long was the shipping?
Will it fit Singer 327?
I have an unfinished hammered copper bathroom sink that I want to keep bright--will this work?
What is the melting point if one wants to use this to encapsulate small items? Do you have a measure of the hardness?
will this clean a bronze grave marker
Does this product dry hard enough to seal a chalk painted high chair?
I am trying to clean church chalices that have been neglected. What is the best way and would this wax protect against tsrnishing?
can i use this product on polymer clay jewelry.
is it flame resistant? can I use this on a fireplace surround where it will be exposed to heat?
Hey can u fridge the wax if u live in hot town??
Will this clean a vintage 80 year old bisque doll without damaging?
how much does the small can cover?
What is the shelf life on this product?
The product is advertised as 1 pound, yet the photo shows a 5 pound amount. Which is correct?
Is the product weatherproof? I am looking for something to sculpt garden fairy houses.
I am planning on making a 15" x 15" sculpture. Will working in big masses be hard with this epoxy clay?
what color is the "natural" clay when it dries-is it gray like concrete?
Can you add acrylic paint into it for color instead of painting after
Would this be applicable for making underwater structures for a fish aquarium, would it leach, creating a hazard to the aquarium life?
Is this sandable like milliput or is this more like green stuff?
I read somewhere online that I could use this to repair a missing part of a concrete statue. Has anyone use this product for this? Has it worked?
I use a different brand of putty on a project.But now i need to add more putty. There won't be any problem if i use MS to finish the project?
Recent repair with MS failed to cure after 3 weeks. Satisfied it was well mixed. Way to cure it now?
Why does it say no shipping but in the shopping cart it doesn't say free shipping?
Is this item water proof? I would like to use this in a DIY snow globe
What is the length measurement of these rivets?
What is the head diameter that shows after the rivet is put in place?
Do you need a tool to use these? I will be putting leather handles on a carpet bag. They will go through leather, heavy tapestry and med. canvas.
How long are these rivets? I need some long enough to put a belt buckle on a leather belt.
It says these markers can be used for rubberstamping. Do they also work with clear stamps?
are colors permanent when dry?
I am looking for an inexpensive marker to color in the images stamped onto cardstock. Will these work?
Will these leave 3-dimensional paint for dotting or is it flat like a marker?
Can clear lacquer be used over colors used on wood turnings?
Are these "markers"? Why are they called brush pens? It's confusing. Pens or markers?
It says these markers can be used for rubberstamping. Do they also work with clear stamps?
are colors permanent when dry?
I am looking for an inexpensive marker to color in the images stamped onto cardstock. Will these work?
Will these leave 3-dimensional paint for dotting or is it flat like a marker?
Can clear lacquer be used over colors used on wood turnings?
Are these "markers"? Why are they called brush pens? It's confusing. Pens or markers?
It says these markers can be used for rubberstamping. Do they also work with clear stamps?
are colors permanent when dry?
I am looking for an inexpensive marker to color in the images stamped onto cardstock. Will these work?
Will these leave 3-dimensional paint for dotting or is it flat like a marker?
Can clear lacquer be used over colors used on wood turnings?
Are these "markers"? Why are they called brush pens? It's confusing. Pens or markers?
It says these markers can be used for rubberstamping. Do they also work with clear stamps?
are colors permanent when dry?
I am looking for an inexpensive marker to color in the images stamped onto cardstock. Will these work?
Will these leave 3-dimensional paint for dotting or is it flat like a marker?
Can clear lacquer be used over colors used on wood turnings?
Are these "markers"? Why are they called brush pens? It's confusing. Pens or markers?
What is the difference between this one and the LB-6800 project runway? They seem to be the same...is one better than the other?
Is the 4x4 hoop size big enough for your monogramming needs? I have three teen daughters who are wanting lots of things monogrammed.
What kind of needles should I use with this machine ? What brand is better ? Thank you very much
Can the USB work from an Apple Mac? or just a windows computer?
Downloading New Fonts? Is there a way to use fonts that you buy off the internet?
How do I change stitch width measurement to inches VS metric?
Which fonts are available (for example, Times New Roman, Arial?)
Is it compatible with Apple computers for downloading
If the machine needs service, where do I send it ? Is service /repair covered under the 25 yr warranty???
I have been having trouble with my feed dogs. I think they have dropped and are just not pulling the material as I would expect. Thoughts?
Is this machine overkill (compared to the Janome 2212) for someone who is pretty good at sewing, but probably won't sew a lot? Why get this one?
I am having trouble with the tension on the lower thread. Have tried to adjust it manually but doesn't seem to work. It is on the DC 3050
Is there an extension table that fits this particular machine?
Does this machine have an "overcast" stitch?
how many inches is the throat (space between needle and the machine to the right of needle)?
will the cricular attachment fit this model dc3050
Do the feed dogs drop for free motion quilting?
does this machine have a start/stop button or do you have to use a pedal
Can it be used outside U.S. if an adaptor is purchased?
Can I hem bluejeans on this machine?
Trying to decide between this and the 8077, which would be better?
Is this an electrical plug in sewing machine? What's the difference between it being mechanical vs. electrical?
does it have a needle down button? my wife likes that feature
Does this machine have the option of placing the top thread spool vertically?
is this made of metal?
How is the machine stitching controlled-by a foot pedal or a control on the machine?
How much does it weigh please?
Are there any extra feet that come with the machine, other than what Amazon lists? It says "and more" so I have to ask!
Do you know if this has a 1 step button hole feature? thanks!
Do you know if this has a 1 step button hole feature? thanks!
I'm looking for a leather sewing project for my 6 year old grandson. Can a 6 year old do this?
What are the dimensions of the wallet??
What are the dimensions of the wallet???
Is the face green, or is that a consequence of the photography? I am looking for pale green faced wall clock with second hand so this would be perfec
Is the chrome like stainless appliances or more shiny?
Is this clock actually chrome? Is the face plastic or glass?
could someone tell me if this works on batteries or if it has to be plugged in? I'm looking for a battery operated light kit.tks
My Christmas tree is from 1975 and has a small hole in the base. Will this fit into a small hole?
My bulb burned out. The replacement bulb is a 40W its says it needs to be a CM Lamp 40Watt bulb. What is the bulb on this one?
Does the wire attach to the socket by screws?
I have a small 6 inch size Christmas tree. Could I use this kit but just change the bulb size? Also, please recommend a small size star for the top.
what is the brace that the exposed wire will connect to, also will this light be extra bright?
I have a 22" cermic christmas tree so I guess that would be considedered med to large would this work for that size?
Is that an exposed wire I see in the package? and the long bulb comes in the package? I don't see it
Does this light stand upright and would it be okay for a large ceramic tree?
Does this have the long thin bulb for tall trees? I see the measurements say 9" but what is 9" the bulb? Hopefully the cord is longer than 9"?
I am confused. there are five star reviews and Sooo many one star reviews with problems. Who do I believe?
Is this a good item for a young girl to make doll clothes and small craft items.
is it okay to use on larger projects like making clothes?
So you can not make things like bags or something?
Would this be good enough to sew patches onto a scout shirt?
can you use this for buttons
i'm a hand sewer just looki to do some hems. how do you release the bobbin nut?
What power cord is compatible?
Could I use this to hem a pair of jeans or is that too thick?
where can i get ac/dc adapter
Some reviews are about "beads" while others say "Christmas bulbs". So...which product are we talking about here?
Foundd there were 2 different sizes for the stems. My tree is large. Need specifications.
This entry needs to be clarified because it's a mix of 2 items, copper beads &amp; Christmas bulbs.
Are these lights good fo a 20 inch tree? Thanks
Hi,does anyone know if the entire piece, including the stem, measures .625? Or is that just the bulb part? Thank you.
Can I iron this on the inside of torn jeans to keep the hole look or does it have to go on top of the hole?
Has anyone used these on a wool suit (suit trousers)? I have a small tear I want to patch.
Can I embroider over this to use it as an emblem on my cap
My suit pants are ripped 1 inch. Can I use this patch on wool pants and put it inside the pants? Can the patch be removed later on?
Are the patches the same color on both sides (i.e. the front of the patch and the back of the patch)?
Can they be cut to size?
I need to patch from the inside. That way the plastic and not the fabric shows. Do I take the liner off before ironing them? I cannot peel the back
does the color of the patch matter if I use it on the inside of the leg?
Will it work for an elbow hole on a bottom down shirt?
Could these be used to patch a tear on a couch?
What size are these pins?
what is the size of these pins?
how long are these? 1" or 2"?
Would these work to hang Christmas cards on a garland or are they too small/flimsy?
how big are they in inches ?
I have sprayed on a frosted coating on my window , will the the kling stick to it?
can you install in on the exterior side of the glass?
What do you use to clean the glass, does it disturb the lines to be wet?
where can I buy glass scraps by the po&Atilde;&frac14;nd
Is this flexible, so you can add curves and designs, or is it just straight and rigid? Thanks!
can it be used over the top of other window clings?
WILL IT DAMAGE WINDOW WHEN REMOVED ?
Is the product sticky or just cling? I am concerned that at some point I may want to remove it so I've been looking for 'static cling' type products.
what is the throat space?
Does it come with any feet? Free motion?
how large is the harp/throat (the area from the needle over to the RIGHT side of the machine -that part that holds the motor)?
Will stitch length be consistent disregardless of speed? My singer sews well enough until I have to slow down for tricky echo quilting - I get little teeny stitches. All I want is consistent tension and stitch length (within reason, I assume) Will this...
I love this machine but i have alot of tension problems - the thread on bottom keeps bunching up - i'm sure its inexperience but can someone help me please ?
Does any sewers out there use this machine for normal sewing like dress, shirts etc, I don't quilt and want it for dressmaking
Can I slow the speed down if I need to?
Any problems with skipped stitches while quilting the multiple layers, I have a Janome and after making a couple of quilts it has started skipping
Is there a table that this machine will drop into, to give you a level work surface?
The two holes on the right of the bobbin area ON the sewing bed area, are they threaded holes so an attachment could be used there?
Can we use resin after we make a mold with this product?
can i use this compound to cast pewter products?
Is this reusable once it has set (like if I didn't like the mold I made)
I want to repair an old frame that is missing a section. Does this product hold its shape on round areas for filling with plaster?
I am looking for something to take a noseprint and pawprint of my dog and then have a piece of jewelry made from that. Would this work for that?
I am interested in making custom molds for baking shortbread cookies. Is this mold material able to withstand 350F for approx 30 minutes?
Can you use it for food ( candy ) ?
Can I make a reverse mold from this product once it has cured? In other words, can I make a mold, let it cure and then use the putty on my new mold?
Can I use this rubber to make a 2-part mold?
Can a pound be enough to cover the diameter of a mask?
I want to use it to make a mold out of a baked polymer clay baby. Will it work for this? baby is about 3 inches long?
If a mold was made of a shoe sole would it float on water?
if im making the mold from a thin plastic will it work well? if not any suggestions?
Is this food-grade material?
Does this can make molds out of Non dry sculptures made in clay?Do you ship to Puerto Rico? Do you sell the thickener ? Do you sell the realease agent
Canthe whole 8 ounces be used as "water" in a vase with silk flowers? Will it set and cure if I use the whole 8 oz at once?
Will it turn amber color in direct sunlight?
Can this be used on Glass?
Can it be sanded, polished and buffed?
I put watch parts in the bowl of a spoon pendant and then set using resin. Can this resin be used for that? will it stick to spoon?
Can this resin be used to cast spider webs?
Can ICE Resin be cut or sanded after hardening without ruining the finish? If not, is there a way to restore the clear finish after cutting/sanding?
could I use this to make a mold for a candle? would the hot wax destroy the mold?
Is the final product flexible? I'm looking to make my own cream cheese molds and find removing the mint from the mold is easier if it is flexible.
Do I have to use this all at once or can you use small portions at a time? What is the "shelf life" ?
Do you think I can use this putty to make silicone beads for a teething necklace? I would just be rolling them into a ball and poking a hole in them
could i uses to make lace mold???do i need clay in additional to silicon to put the lace on it?? thanks for help
Can I use this to create molds for resin? I am new to this. My goal is to create new and unique spiral gauges of 13mm or more from resin.
What is the Rebound number on this item? Rebound number tells you the firmness of the material after its set and I need the Rebound 25. Thank you.
Can this be used to make a hearing aid mold?
Does it finish clear? I am looking for something to make a clear mold.
Will this mold work for a 10 cm tall action figure, which later i will use to mold for polymer clay?
Are there 60 actual pages or is that 30 pages front and back?
Does this watercolor paper stand up to light to medium erasing and masking fluid?
How smooth is the texture in this sketchbook, I'm looking for a very smooth texture.
what is the weight of this paper?
how wide is this?
when i type 5 in the quantity box will it come as five continous yards
if I order 6 yards will they be 6 uncut yards or will I get 6 cut yards? please let me know I need this fabric for friday!
I need to put over hay bales for wedding seating, is it thick enough for this?
Will this fabric work for a graduation gown?
What gauge would be best for sewing a storage case? I need the thickness like zip-up bedding sets come in. Need durable-I want to store fabric bolts.s
What is the width of this product, I need 60-70 in width?
I want to cover an applique (that is already on fabric) so that the applique shows through the plastic/vinyl. My question is, can this be wash this?
Is this $5.01 sold by a lineal yard or square yard
is this lead free
I need to replace the cheap plastic used by the previous owner to enclose our screened porch. We have pre-made frames for each open window space. What gauge of clear vinyl will last more than a couple of seasons?
is this too thick for a regular sewing machine to make a beach bag?
I just want to be sure - as far as the gauge thickness system goes, is 20 gauge or 10 gauge thicker?
Is it blue on the back as well as the front?
how durable is the fabric, how thick is the fabric?
iS THIS SUITABLE FOR BOAT UPHOLSTRY ?
Would like to wrap a balance beam for my daughter-wondering how thick it is. Would it be appropriate for this kind of project?
When ordered in multiple yards, is it shipped as cuts or a continuous bolt?
What is the width of this vinyl ?
Does this have the cotton flannel backing (soft, and bits of fuzz will come off if you pull) or the nylon mesh backing (made of small knit threads)?
How big of a piece of vinyl is this? http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B003...
If you order a larger quantity, say 4, does it come as four continuous yards, or 4 one-yard pieces?
Is this thin and soft to made a small carry bag for headphone...?
Is this vinyl anti-bacterial and anti-fungal? I want to cover a weight bench with it.
How big of a piece of vinyl is this? I am looking to use it to cover my motorcycle seat.
i need a piece 54" x 9 ' so what the yds (is it # yds)
can i use it to protect chairs seats?
what is the difference in the guages from 20 to 60....which is the thickest the higher guage or the lower guge?
Does this have a strong, plastic smell?
looking to cover the front of a book case to keep the dust/dirt off of all my knick knacks, but still be able to see everything will this work?
how do you guys snap it onto furniture upholstery?
Could you suggest alternatives to stapler gun to place it? I am worried to damage the furniture. Thanks!!!
I need something to put on a cabinet door that is cut-out scroll type to keep the dust out. Will this work or is this too thick?
I want to use this as sidewalls for a tailgating tent. The walls would 10x7. Is it durable enough for this and how much would I need for just one wall
Does this fabric stretch at all? Like clothing fabric or a yoga ball?
so is this a vinyl cutter that is hooked up to a home computer?
hello; my question is i can use your plotter with corel draw and others programs. thank you.
Does this cutter have a over cut feature for when cutting rhinestone stencil to make perfect circle cuts of different sizes
Is the software this comes with compatible with Cameo Silhouette Studio files? I'm transitioning and don't want to recreate files.
How little will it cut
can you use sheets of vinyl? do you have purchase a mat like you do with the cricut?
Can this machine contour cut?
i want to make stencils for childrens colouring packs, what do i use and where do i get the vinyl card
Hi, I need the product details, like weight and box dimenssions for a shipping quote to Puerto Rico. Thanks
I need know the size exact of the box please not the size of the plotter only the box
Will this cutter work with CorelDraw 16?
Does it have a regular printer driver? Can it be used with Corel Draw or Adobe (or Word)?
does this machine cuts and prints ? or just cuts ?
1- can i cut a multi color with this one or any another cutter? 2- what roll this one need for signs and how long it can hold? 3- what type 4 t-sh
I bought this a few months ago. The software is saying it is a trail version and I need to buy it. Why?
Im currently using the Vinyl Express R-Series but it messed up after it goes longer than 3-4 feet. Does this one have any issues cutting longer images
Does this software allow you to do drop shadows and mirror image?
can i use this machine with windows 7 professional?
Does this work with Flexisign pro?
is there a place to put the roll while it is going through the plotter?
Sorry - looking for clarification on the direction of the stripes. Do they run parallel to the bolt or perpendicular?
I'm wanting to make table runners out of this fabric - do you provide continuous fabric if I get multiple yards?
what is the weight of the fabric? is it treated to be water resistant?
Do the stripes run up the roll or across the 54" width?
Is this fabric washable? I have a quilt pattern that calls for Ultra Suede for the animal appliques, would this work?
Will this fabric work as a foundation for seed bead embroidery?
Can this be bought in continuous yardage or is it strictly by the yard? I want to re-upholster a couch and would need about 4 yards.
If i wanted to do a headliner in a vehicle and possibly on a dash will this hold up? fade properties? what can i expect?
Does this material fray or is it like leather/ultrsuede?
would this fabric be good for dining chair seat and backs?
is the fabric thin or thick? I need some stuff on the thinner side to make moccasins
Is this stuff like alcantara
Would this fabric work as the soles on toddlers (walkers) shoes? Keeping in mind that a toddler would grow out of them in about 6 months?
Is this folded in half when it's purchased, so saying, it's kinda two yards when it's fully pulled apart?
is this yarn bulky
so this yarn isn't bulky ?
$8.57 is the price for 4 skeins?
How many grams is one piece?
it is chinese yet or from usa and with good quality again?
is this soft or could it be itchy to wear?
The current picture shows an orange and white checkered fabric, if I order this, will it be light blue like the title or will it match the picture?
Is the picture color true to life? Is the color more teal than light blue?
Does this fabric have any stretch to it?
When you order by the yard...say I need 3 yards, I won't get them separately right? I'll get one 3 yard cut?
If I needed 15 yards, for example, would I order quantity 15 and receive an uncot, 15 yard bolt?
is this muslin unsized and unbleached?
What's the thread count per inch?
What is the difference between cambric and muslin?
Is this ORGANIC cotton? Produced without chemical fertilizers and chemical pesticides?
What color is it? White, off white, ivory?
Is this fabric made in the USA without the use of chemicals?
Is this a good fabric for making tea towels? I am looking for something a little more heavyweight than flour sack.
I plan on using this to cover insulation for sound absorptive panels. I need to buy a fabric that will contain the fibers. Will this work?
Why is the picture on the product page a red/pink and white table cloth pattern? Is this really for WHITE chiffon? The picture is confusing.
can I use the 108'' Wide Nylon Chiffon Tricot White Fabric By The Yard so that I can make a DIY Softbox with Reflective Umbrella
If it is 108" wide, can we buy multiple yards as one piece?
is it flame retardant
Can I use this as curtain?
I second one of the unanswered questions. If I ordered 3 in quantity, would I get 3 1-yard cuts or would I get 1-piece that is 3 yards long?
I am looking for fabric that I can drape on the ceiling of a school to decorate for an event. I need it to flow. Do you think this is a good choice?
If i buy 100 yards what length will the bolts be?
Is the white a true white or an off white beige?
How soft and pliable is it? Could I make a comfortable jacket out of it?
Were you able to sew it with a regular household sewing machine or did you need a heavy duty machine?
It's 54 inches wide, but what height does it come in?
I want to use this for a headboard. Does this fabric emit an odor?
Would it be possible to get a sample?
Does anyone know what thickness this fabric is? I'm looking for something that is about 1/16th thick.
If I order 3 yards will it come in one piece or cut into yards?
Is it 1.5 pounds per square yard?
Was this 1 yard pieces or 6 full yards?
Will this ruffler work on myJanome MC 9700 high shank machine?
Does this foot fit a Janome Memory craft 9900?
I have the Janome 2139N. Willlthis ruffler be compatable?
will the ruffle foot work on my DC2014? Is it necessary to also buy the gathering foot?
Will this work on Janome Memory craft 6600?
Is this foot compatible with the Janome Memory craft 15000?
Length
What are the dimensions of the yard piece? It says that it's a yard. Do they mean 1 yard x 1 yard, meaning it's a square in shape?
Can I use this fabrics to make a blouse
Will this be a good fabric for dining room chairs, and if the chairs are 17"x19" how many yards would I need for 4 chairs?
Can I get 1 1/2 yds of fabric?
How wide is this fabric?
What are the dimensions of the yard piece? It says that it's a yard. Do they mean 1 yard x 1 yard, meaning it's a square in shape?
What does the back look like? I don't want a fabric back like vinyl has.
How do I order a piece that is 54" by 72" wide? I put "2" in the cart and the shipping doubles.
if i order 2 yards is it all 1 piece 54x72 or will it be cut into 2 pieces 54x36
how tall is the leather??
I am trying to reupholster a set of 4 small dining room chairs, is this fabric something that would hold up well to everyday use?
can i sew this with my brothers 6800 machine?
If I order, does it come individual cut yards or exact measurement requested in one piece.
I have two couches that I'm trying to redo as a project. One couch back is7ft wide and 30" tall from base seating . exactly how much comes when I orde
i have to cover my car's door inerior trim with this leather, waht adhesive i should use?
does this leather comes with self adhesive?
i am planning to cover my car interior door piece with this, does this leather come with self adhesive or do i have buy adhsive seperate?
Is this water resistant?
Is this waterproof to make motorcycle seat covers out of?
Is it a solid fabric?(not see through)
I have indicated 3 yards but the price doesn't change. Also, will if be shipped all three yards attached or cut separately?
How wide and long is it ?
Is this material see-through? I'm trying to design a certain dress and it has a see through blue cape in the back.
Can this organza material be used for wedding arches ? Also do you have 20 yards available ?
I understand that this is sold by the yard, but how wide is it?
How big is the flower, in inches?
Can it work on lite felt?
what paper thickness do you need?
if I apply a color over a base metal that has a finish, will it still "stick"? I have bead caps in gold but I'd like to make them copper colored.
What are the color choices?
This looks awesome! Has anyone used it over chalf painted wood?
What is the difference between this and gilders paste, when used on metal or polymer clay?
has anybody used this on bone?
I have a glass shower door encased in a chrome color. I wanted polished brass, but Lowes didn't have my size door in brass. Will this product work?
You guys now if Rub N Buff can be sanded? I want to carve my signature on wood, fill it with something golden and sand the excess.
If rubbed on glass is this waterproof? Ie; can be washex or run thru dish washer w/o coming off?
I have a question for the people who have used this on jewelry after givin time to dry does it leave any funny coloring on skin?
I engraved some rocks and I am wondering if this would work for the rocks?
Just wondering how big each snowflake measures? Thanks!
The info is confusing. What is the diameter of the snowflake and how many do you get for 6.95?
Would this be suitable to iron on satin?
Quantity: I clicked on a product that said 250 pack. The top line on this page says 100 pack. The description says 251. Which is it?
what is the size of these doilies?
Is this the right size for wine glasses?
I'm confused, is it a package of 100 or 250....didn't anyone else notice this??
Would these look too cheap on a wedding invitation?
is this 10.25 by 6?
Quantity: I clicked on a product that said 250 pack. The top line on this page says 100 pack. The description says 251. Which is it?
what is the size of these doilies?
Is this the right size for wine glasses?
I'm confused, is it a package of 100 or 250....didn't anyone else notice this??
Quantity: I clicked on a product that said 250 pack. The top line on this page says 100 pack. The description says 251. Which is it?
what is the size of these doilies?
Is this the right size for wine glasses?
I'm confused, is it a package of 100 or 250....didn't anyone else notice this??
Quantity: I clicked on a product that said 250 pack. The top line on this page says 100 pack. The description says 251. Which is it?
what is the size of these doilies?
Is this the right size for wine glasses?
I'm confused, is it a package of 100 or 250....didn't anyone else notice this??
Is the long strap detachable?
Is the bag actually pink? Because in the picture, it's purple
Was this bag supposed to come with a strap?
What is the size of the outside pocket? Would it hold an iPad?
does it work for yarn balls
I am planning ahead and making a cardboard tube to put around the inside to keep it from collapsing. What is the actual diameter of the circle?
Does this product have the California proposition 65 warning label?
Is this bag big enough to hold a 5gallon bucket like Home Depot sells? Very interested but would like to be able to put a bucket in it... Thanks, SR
Is the pink really pink or is it more lavender as the pictures show? Basically same question about the periwinkle...is it more lavender or more blue?
What size is best to be used to apply wax after chalk paint?
Do you think these could be used with chalk paint or wax? I plan on chalk painting my dining table and hutch.
It is hard to tell from the photo; is this a ROUND brush (the bristles, I mean)...???
Is this natural bristle?
what is the clean up?
are the bristles in this brush round?
Approximately how many pins are in the package?
Do they resist rust and corrosion?
How many are in a package?
hhow many inches long are these pins?
i have a Viking Topaz. will this work in it?
I have a JCPenney 7064 machine. Wondering if this foot will fit it. It is a low shank. Thank you.
Will this fit a 1970's Kenmore Ultra Stitch 12 model 158.1561180
Can I use this walking foot in my Elnita225 machine
I have this but lost the instructions, can I get them somewhere? Thanks.
Will this work on my Viking Emerald 116?
I have a Viking Platinum 715 machine. Will this work for it to quilt with?
Will this fit a Bernina 1000?
will this fit a kenmore 385.12618?
Will this fit the Juki HZL-E61?
how thick is this, in cm?
Is this foam waterproof?
I want to make shacker cards..will this work???? Thank you
Can it be painted with acryllic paint?
Can this foam be used in a cricut machines?
Could this be used as cards to display handmade post earrings?
Is it possible to pierce this with the end of a faux flower head? Or is it too thick for it? Thinking of using it for creating a flower wall
Would this be good to make a candelabra for a sweet 16?
Is this stiff or soft foam --- in other words if you stand it on end will flop over (soft ) or will it stay upright (stiff foam)?
would this be good foam to make a puppet with? i cant figure out what kind of foam they use?
Can I use the downloads from the cricut website, or does this machine only work with physical carterages?
Can the Cricut Cake cut paper products? Obviously this device is intended primarily for fondant and gumpaste, but can it also cut paper?
Can I make my own design with the Circut Craft software - and than connect to Cricut Cake and cut the gum paste?
I just got the mini cricut on ebay. Question., was the black strap connected to something? My blade is not moving across the mat.
My Cricut Cake makes a loud noise when it starts up &amp; it doesn't change from the startup screen - says something like "Cricut v2.31.."? Please help!!!
Please does it come with the cutting mat?
Can this operate on 220v? I'm buying it for use in Africa and our standard voltage is 220v.
Hii! The product comes in the original box? Tks!
Hello! The product comes in the original box?
I am looking for a printer to make cake and cookie stencils. Will this be good for that? I don't know what material is used to make cake and cookies.
Can I purchase a bigger hoop for this machine
can the machine sew heavy fabric , like denim ?
can you embroider hats with this machine?
can you embroider more than one line of text
Does any one know what is the difference between the SE 400 and the LB68000PRW? Going to buy one and not sure which one to get.
can I create my own designs? I create a lot of reenactment and Steam punk items and would like to create some designs within that area of interest
I'm having a difficult time connecting this sewing machine to my MacBook Pro. Can someone help me figure this out in a way that won't cost me $400+?
Does this machine have a needle threaders?
My upper thread keeps breaking when I embroider anything, need help??
will I be able to use a logo from my PC that uses XP to embroider on this machine?
Can this be used with cake cricut?
Can this be used with the original Cricut machine?
Can this cartridge be used on the mini cricut. I tried linking it through the craftroom, but could not get it to link.
Does this cartridge have a cow?
Does this have the panda in it?
does this cartridge have a whale?
Does this cartridge have a fox, a owl and a deer?
Is this Create A Critter 1? I see there is a Create A Critter 2.
Can this be used with a cricut cuttlebug?
How large are the critters on this cartridge?
Can you run these through a printer?
Is the card paper weight 80#?
which blank greeting cards are suitable to paint with acrylics?
What are the measurements? Thanks
what color is the deckle edge
Would this paper be sturdy enough for mounting photos?
Is the deckle ivory (same color) ?
do they have a deckle edge?
is thisa 7 inch, 8 inch or 9 inch?
what size is the braclet?
what size bracelet for a swarovski crystal rondelle bracelet
Will my belly button barbell beads fit on this?
Is this fabric shiny and reflective?
How heavy is the fabric?
If I want one piece that is four yards long would I put 4 in quantity?
If i order a "quantity" of 3 does that get me 1 piece that is 3 yards long?
How can you have sixpences made in 2014, when they stopped making them in 1967?
I'd like to buy one of these for my sister's wedding on April 4th. She was born in 1968, do you have a six pence with that date?
Can I find a1982 six pence?
I was wanting to get a 2013 sixpence is that possible
Is this coin ok for use as a Christmas pudding charm?
I would also like to see the card and presentation that comes with the sixpence. Thank you!
I have two questions. ;-) 1. Can I get a 2014 sixpence? 2. Do you have a pic of the card and coin to see what the 'presentation' will be like? Thx!
are these genuine six pence?
Does this set come with Payne's Grey?
Does this set have a gold color?
Does this set come w/ Chinese White? I think that's the color to add if you want the paint to be opaque. Or would I need to get that separately. Thx!
Where are they made?
About how many pieces are in a bag?
How large is each piece, approximately? I'm looking for 1/4 inch gems for a project. thanks!
I am filling the bottom of a small 3 cyclinder vase set for centerpieces. I want to fill them about 2 inches each. how much will this fill?
I am filling the bottom of 20 6" round floating candle bowls. Probably about 2" deep for each. How many 2 pound bags will I need? Thanks!
We are making wrist corsages for girl scout's father/daughter dance, ages 5 thru 12. Will these be tight enough for this small wrists?
are the flowers included
how wide is the elastic on these?
what color are these bands
how gentle is this for sharpening colored pencils? it looks like a regular sharpener. I have found regular sharpeners break the tips off of my colored pencils.
How to buy additional covers?
how gentle is this for sharpening colored pencils? it looks like a regular sharpener. I have found regular sharpeners break the tips off of my colored pencils.
Will this sharpen a 2mm lead holder/clutch pencil/mechanical pencil lead? If so, anyone try sharpening 2mm colored lead?
Does anyone know where to get new blades?
Does this require batteries or does it plug in?
what is the part number for replacement blades for this sharpener?
Does it work well for regular HB pencils?
Besides 2 spared blades, my sharpner has a hole on each side and 2 short blades next to the spared blades, what are they for?
Do it need. Bat eries?
Will this walking foot fit on the Janome Horizon sewing machine?
Will it work on juki ddl 5550n straight stitch
Will this fit a bernina 180e?
Will this foot fit a New Home 552 machine?
Does this walking foot have a quilting quide included?
I have a Singer Creative Touch 1036 Sewing Machine ( serial 1862021) with a long shank on it. Will this walking foot fit it ?
What is the size of the heart?
How big is the heart?
Heart Size? Anybody know what size the punched heart is?
Does this punch cut through Cereal box card board?
Does this machine come with a tool box?
Does it do a nice rolled hem?
DOES IT EMBROIDER?
Is the DVD compatible with a Mac?
Does it sew regular straight seams without a finished edge like a sewing machine? I want an all purpose machine to replace my old sewing machine.
What brand of serger thread will fit the this machine. I just purchased some and the base is too wide?
Does it do a coverstich?
difference between this and model 14SH764? what would i be giving up with 754
does this serger cut off the extra material when it's finishing the hem/seam?
Can you retract the cutting knife like in the Brother 1034D?
Is the front cover plain?
will each sleeve hold multiple sheets of paper ? thank you !
Are the pages removable? How thick is the cover? Is it hard or soft?
is the portfolio size (the book itself) 8.5 x 11, or does the sleeve hold 8.5 x 11 sheets?
Is this a landscape or portrait portfolio?
is it waterproof
I need 15 feet for a project. If I order 5 yards will it be 5 yards long or 5 separate 1 yard pieces?
What is the strength of the fabric. Would it be good for a sleeping cot and a person weighting 250 lbs.
Is it available by the roll? Looking for 50 or 100 yard rolls?
What is the width of the piece that you get by the yard?
How tough is this material? Would it be capable of stopping a .22 caliber bullet within two layers?
If I entered 2 in the quantity will I receive one piece of fabric that is 2 yards long?
Would this be good for awnings?
Would this material be suitable for outside dog beds?
Is the fabric 3 ft long by 5 ft wife?
How wide is the fabric? I want to make cushion covers, but i need to know how much to buy
How does this compare to 1000Denier Cordura brand fabric? Thanks
If I entered 2 in the quantity will I receive one piece of fabric that is 2 yards long?
Hi, does this fabric have a rubberized type back to it?
what are the dimensions of this foot? length, width, height? thank you
Do all the toes separate?
Do the toes separate?
is it flexible
Can the foot stand on its own?
What size are the rings?
Did buyers who completed this project receive 4mm rings? These seem too small to complete the Byzantine patterns. T pin doesnt fit after step 6
Does this kit include pilers too?
What type of metal is provided in the kit? (silver plated copper, stainless steal, etc.)
What is the total length of the finished bracelet?
Is the white an actual *white* or is there a creamy tint to it?
What size is the ball on this trim?
Can this be dyed into navy blue?
It says it usually ships in 1-2 months but during the checkout process it have an option for 3-5 business days. Does it take 1-2 months to ship?
Do you offer this product with marine or sunforger water repellent/mildew resistant treatment.
What country is it made in?
How many yards does one order include? The description implies a full bolt. Is this correct?
how many yards are on this roll?
Is this a single continuous piece of fabric, 20 yards long?
Does this come on a bolt or a roll? When I ordered before, it was a roll which I prefer. But now it shows a bolt.
For gluing wood vaneer sheets, do you recommend the hard or soft rubber brayer? Thanks!
Is there a way to remove roller to clean it?
Help me out. You use this to apply glue or to embed paper onto the glue? And what else while we a re at it? ;-) TIA!
Is there one with 21 pegs ??
How many pegs do each of them have?
I am looking for the looms that do not have the cut out slots just below the head of the peg. Do these have that cut out?
But what does it do? What is it for?
Complete newbie to any type of knitting what type of yarn should I use please? Thank you.
How can I download a VIDEO presentation of directions for a multiple of projects??
Does the Knifty Knitters Round Loom Set come with yarn? If not, where can I order yarn?
How many pegs does the largest circle have?
I have a friend who had a stroke and can only use one hand, can this loom, if secured to a table be used with one hand?
which one is similar to the purple knifty knitter that they no longer have. How many pegs and gauge?
Is this machine better than the PE 770 ??.... or about the same???
what are the extra 15000 designs? I know someone can't name them each, but a generality would be helpful. Thank you!
how many layers of fabric can you sew in one setting?
Can you make the embroidery field larger if you buy larger hoops?
Is it easy to quilt on? Does it have quilting "templates"?
Is there a factory warranty?
Is this embroidery only?
Does this machine have a needle down position? You know where you can choose to have the needle stop in the down position.
can you embroider your own designs with this machine?
Is it worth getting the grand slam with this machine?
How many come per pack?
how many come in a pack?
How many come in each pack?
how many are in a package?
How many doilies come in the package?
How many in a pack?
I need to know exact measurements for these before I can order - are they really 9x6 or 10x6? Thank you!!
How many doilies come in a pack?
.I am very new to this product- could these pencils be used to do serious coloring?
Are the names of the colors on the pencils?
Is there a brush included?
Does it come with metal box?
are the watercolor pencils safe for facepainting
The discription says it can do free-motion embroidery. Can it do free motion quilting too, or do you need a larger/stronger macine for that?
Does this Kenmore 3/4 size have more than one speed?
I just want to know if this Sewing Machine can be used to attach buttons to shirts and pants?
Does it come with any accessories? Bobbins? Needles? Manual? Anything?
does this come with the machine to screen print, in otherwords if i buy this kit can i open the box and start. is there other things to buy
The box says for dark fabrics. Can't this be used on white or light colors?
Is this suitable for printing posters as well as fabrics?
will this allow you to use more than one color on a single print job?
What is the 'sieve size', or the size of the opening of the pores, of the silk cloth?
How many designs can you make from one kit? Do you "use up" one screen by using it, or is it washed and reused?
Can I use any design? My children are budding entrepreneurs and I thought it might be fun if they can draw the design and then screen print it.
How many feet (or meters) is the hose? And is the plug 110v for U.S. use?
Has anyone tried to use this with a turbine?
has anyone had a issue with the gun stopping spraying the solution and only spraying air?
Paasche 300T-000 Quick Application Tanning Spray Gun please confirm me if the kit is included
Does anyone know if this machine has metal gears inside versus the nylon or plastic ones?
Does this machine sew on knit fabrics? Thank you.
does this machine have a "one-step buttonhole" as opposed to doing a buttonhole in 4 steps?
does it have a foot peddle?
Can the Singer 7258 sew through thicker fabrics? I'm looking to make art projects on the sewing machine and need to know if the Singer 7258 can handle leather, plus type and other heavy fabrics?
How appropriate is it for a first time sewer, beginner?
Can this machine be put in a sewing cabinet or must it be table top use only?
Any else encounter the E5 error?. I can't get the machine to work!
does it have a walking foot
Can someone explain to me how the "speed control" works. I'm hoping to put it in the lowest speed for teaching my daughter
can i use fabric glue to attach this to fleece?
To Country Brook, or anyone who knows for sure that it will come with (1 roll of 1" Hook) plus (1 roll of 1" Loop) &amp; 10 yard long each?
is the tape relatively soft and flexible or is it stiff?
Is the soft (loop) side standard (Velcro) thickness? I'm looking for low profile (about 1/2 standard thickness) for a good match to repair straps on Mechanix Wear gloves.
Where is this product shipped from? China, USA, or elsewhere?
is this velcro really hard to pull apart?
This says 10 yds. Is this 10 yds of hook and 10 yds of loop? Or 5 yds of each?
Do the gun come with glue?
I want to make "fairy houses" with my granddaughter to place in the woods. Will high temp glue sticks hold up outside for awhile?
The glue gun I have now takes oval glue sticks. Does this one take round or oval glue sticks?
Does this have an on/off button or just on when plugged in?
Once the glue stick is half melted and finish, how does the remaining glue still in the gun get melted? I cant finish the whole stick.
How long is the cord?
Can I use this glue gun for styrofoam projects? For example, applying glue to one block of styrofoam to attach it to another block.
Will Mod Melts fit into this?
Will this glue gun take full-size glue sticks?
does it come with glue sticks
Could I use this cutter on fondant?
how big are the elephants?
How big is the actual elephant?
Why does this machine sew 4-6 stitches perfectly and then beep?
why when I'm sewing does it slow down and come to a stop?
Can this machine do chain stitch?
how many pieces in the package?
What are the dimensions of these shapes? X-L and XX-L can mean a lot of things in craft items.
how large are the shapes. can't find i size any where ? thanks
Can this be used to punch through a plastic guitar pick without breaking the pick?
Where can you get replacement heads? I know this comes with two but they are both dull; while still cuts, usually it doesn't detach the cut portion.
Can this be used on 1mm rubber
What size jump ring will this accommodate?
Will this go through a penny?
Could I use this on a small seashell for earrings? Can anyone try it for me?
Anyone know if this works well on leather?
Will this cut through quarter?
Can this be used to punch flat pieces of wood about 2mm thick
Does anyone have difficulty changing out the pins. I was barely able to remove the bent pin...am I doing something wrong?
How big is the opening hole on these?
Can you tell me what kind of plastic they are made of? Or whether they are BPA free?
Is this microwave safe?
what is height of each bottle? (dimensions info seems to be packaging)
Would you recommend this as an excellent wire for constructing a 2-foot table top tree sculpture?
How many comes in a pack?
Does this wire rust?
I am trying to make a double strand "hair band" with crystals in it. Is this a thick enough gauge and will it stand up to that type of usage?
Is the silver and gold wire soft enough to bend and nice and shiney?
Are you SURE that this is 12 gauge? What is the diameter? since one customer commented on it being closer to 20 gauge I need to be sure.
is this wire good for making bangled bracelets ?
Would it be a good wire to use in making hammered jewelry like earrings? I shape the wire into swirls, then hammer it.
Will it work for making skeletons for clay models?
does it hold its shape when it bends
do these fit the Artista 730?
Does it fit the Bernina 560?
Does it fit at Bernina 550 Quilter Edition?
will these work with the bernina 450 aurora?
Will these work on the Bernina 440 QE?
Bottom line: WILL the bobbin work in the 560?
will the bobbins work in a bernina 200?
Is this bobbin case suitable for fashionmatic 7256
I have a Singer Futura XL400, I need a bobbin case can u help me.
will this case fit a future 250?
Does this work for the Futura XL550?
Please i asked if this bobbin case is suitable for singer 4423 please answer...
will this bobbin case work in a singer stylist 7258?
Will this bobbin case fit my Singer 7258 machine?
will this bobbin case fit my Singer 7258 machine??
The picture is different when I click on the listing than what shows on the search screen. I need a bobbin case for A SINGER FUTURA CE-150?
Will this work for Singer Confidence 7470? Thanks!
What is the theickness? Is this a dark brown or a rust color like one of the reviews reported?
What is a recommended adhesive to use to glue the cowhide piece onto damaged leather upholstery?
Would this be thick enough for a belt or is it too thin?
Will this leather work to make a hand-sewn, longstitch journal?
Hi all - I am looking to stretch a piece of leather under an old typewriter desk to store a MacBook. Is this too lightweight for this task?
Would the light be strong enough to go through a 300 lb watercolor paper?
how many led diodes and lumens, please? There is no factual info posted about the amount of light- important to know when buying a light?
Does this come with the power adapter or do we need to order separately?
Is this bright enough to be able to trace a photograph onto thick art paper
Is this manufactured in the USA?
does any tracing paper come with it
I asked if it was made in the USA. one answer said yes. there are other responses that say China is on the box. Can anyone look at the unit and see what is on the unit? thank you
I need something that helps me view old photo negatives. Will this be good for that? I have hundreds I need to look at and sort. Thanks!
If you can't replace the bulb, how many hours of light life does this Artograph last? (for instance on the Hion version they state 50000 hours)
Does the size include the border or is it the size of the lighted surface excluding the border?
Does this help with how much fabric to purchase if you design a quilt?
how many computers can this be installed on? and do you have to insert the disk to use it? I do Project Linus with about 5 other ladies and we all want to use it - but can't afford 5 copies! Thanks in advance.
There are two versions of Electric Quilt 7 with different prices, whatis the difference?
Can I use electric quilt 7 with windows 8.1?
Can you enter blocks of varying sizes, say for a tshirt quilt, and have it make a layout (i.e. 4 - 12 x 12's, 2 - 12 x 15, 6 - 6 x 6, etc.) ?
Dumb question, I'm sure, but I"m still using paper and pencil. Will this program tell you the size and number of pieces to cut for your patterns?
is it compatible with macs?
Can you design Mariner Compass blocks with this software?
After the first install do you need to keep connection to internet to run program?
I have a Windows 17.3 "screen 8.1 laptop &amp; a 20" iMac Desktop. Is the EQ7 disk compatible with both, or do I have to choose one or the other.
How long did this take you to do?
which yarn is used for area 15?
is monograming included?
I most of the thread in wool or floss?
what is mesh size for hugging penguins
it says the finished size is 16" where are they measuring from? top to heel? corner on diagonal to toe?
Can the stocking be completed on either side (eg facing left OR right)?
Does the dye make the shirt stiff or does the fabric still feel soft and flexible?
does washable mean it can be washed without the dye fading...or the dye can be washed out!
if i mix more water with the red dye.. will it go pink or just a less vibrant red??
why does it say washable....does washable mew
How big is each bottle?
This says it is a 3 pack? Does that mean each pack makes 18 shirts x 3 packs = 54 shirts?
If this is done on a t-shirt or pillow case, can it be washed afterwards?
dose it have t-shits inside
Description says that you could use this on baskets. I am looking to do an Easter Basket but am skeptical if this would work or not? Any thoughts?
how many shirts can you dye with one package?
The picture from the banner shows the brand mark COPIC on the product but the pictures don't. Is this a real COPIC case?
Will the 'Stampin' Up Blendabilities' fit the 72-piece copic markers case? The blendabilities markers are about 1/2 inch longer but not quite as wide as the copic markers. .
Does anyone use these with spectrum noir markers, and how well do they fit? I know others have asked this, but the responses are all about copics.
Will this hold Sharpies? My daughter has many of them and loves to keep them organized. Thanks in advance!
Will the Copic Ciao fit in the slots?
Can anyone tell me if this case holds Prismacolor markers ???
Will this hold Spectrum Next Generation markers?
Will this hold Chartpak?
Will the spectrum noir markers fit in this case?
will my prismacolor double ended markers fit in here?
Did this hold up in the dishwasher over time?
Can I write on the paint before baking it? What will happen to the written chalk after I bake it?
Is there a special brush that I should use?
Are you able to use chalk markers on this or just actual chalk?
Does anyone know how far this paint will go? I need to paint the bottom half of 15 porcelean mugs... How many of this paint do I need?
Does this come with a brush? How do you apply it?
Does this have to be baked or can it "cure" by air drying for a good length of time?
Does this work on glass Mason jars?
Can this be used on fiberboard painted with acrylic paint? I already have this on hand so am hoping to use it. I'm guessing I wouldn't bake it...
How many regular sized coffee mugs would this small bottle of paint do?
So I know that it SAYS "drop in bobbin only", but is that actually true? I have a White with a front-loading bobbin case, will this really not work?
Will this fit a Kenmore Low shank Model # 158-1345381 - it is not a top loading bobin? Thanks
Will it fit a Janome Magnolia, model #7330?
will this fit a viking opal 650 machine?
will this fit singer simple 2263
if you own a Husqvarna Lily 545 or Group 6 Husqvarna machine, will this fit? Husqvarna is not listed but it does have drop in bobbin and low shank
Will this fit a Bernina Patchwork 140
I have the Brother CS6000i. Will this work for my machine?
Does this fit Brother model XR9500PRW, part number SA140?
Will this fit a Brother XL 5130 sewing machine?
What is the difference between this foot and the 1/4inch quilting sewing machine presser foot with edge guide?
Will this work on a Designer 1 Viking sewing machine? Thanks
Will this fit a Singe model 8763?
will this fit Brother SQ9000?
Will this fit Brother CS-6000i?
Is this edge joining stitch the same as my foot that labeled for blind hem stitch in my owners manual
Do you use this with a "Walking Foot"? Do you "drop the feed dogs?" I have never done machine quilting, so I thought I'd start with this.
Will this work on a Pfaff Creative 2140?
Will this fit on a Brother Free Arm Sewing Machine Model LS-590?
Will this work with a Kenmore 158-1345381 machine?
Will this work on a Viking/Husquvarna LILLY machine?
Does this fit a Janome Model DC 3050, does anyone know about a walking foot for this machine also.
I have a Singer Model 2638. The seam is a thread width wider than a 1/4" even after adjusting the needle. Is there another foot that will work?
My daughter has the Singer 6199 and we were wondering if this foot will fit her machine?
Does it work with a Bernina Artista 180 model?
Can you tell me if this foot will fit a Singer Stylist 533?
will this foot fit my Brother XR1355?
Will this presser foot work on a viking ruby??
will this fit the singer 9960
Will this fit my Futura model 925 Singer machine?
will these bobbins fit my Brother Pacesetter NX400?
Will these bobbins fit brother XR9500PRW?
My Brother sewing machine uses SA156 bobbins, but the model # of my machine isn't listed. Should I take a chance on these?
Will these work on my LS 1217?
Will these fit the Brother Project Runway Innov-is 40E? I see the Innov-is 40 is listed, just not sure if the 40E has a different bobbin size.
Wondering if these will fit my Project Runway PC-420? The manual says the correct bobbin should be 11.5 mm (7/16") high. It also says code SA156. Thx!
will they fit a brother xl2610 machine
will they fit my baby lock ellure? I purchase brothers drom walmart.
Do they fit my CS-6000i?
Will these babbins fit XR 9500 PRW Brother machine?
Is this strong enough to hold a screw? ie, could you screw something into this, and expect it not to strip the hole or fall out? Thank you very much!
Does it dry clear and can you color it?
Do this work on your teeth? I was looking at the do it your self teeth repair and I am trying to find something with good rating and that would work .
How does this compare to Worbla? When I searched for 'worbla' on amazon this product showed up.
If I melt too much and end up with some leftover, can you save it for later and melt again when needed?
Can it be used in molds for things such as clay to assume those shapes?
Can this be used to repair a frayed IPad cable?
can this stuff be used to make molds of teeth (i want to make cosplay dentures, s ill need to make the mld IN my mouth)
Anyone tried to see if it will adhere to a metal gutter that has a hole needing repair?wind storm; there's a small hole now at d-spout intersect
Will my Bernina 830 (the new 830) fit in it?
What the diference with the mascot xl and the regular tutto xl 9224
What the diference with the mascot xl and the regular tutto xl 9224
Will this case hold in embroidery unit?
Will my Crescendo babylock fit?
will my Journey babylock machine fit?
What portion of this case do you grab to lift into the back of a car trunk or suv hatchback? I don't see anyplace to lift.
What are the inside dimensions?
will this item stop leather from fading?
will this seal and prevent leather from rubbing off on clothing?
I have a bonded (bicast) leather sofa. Could I use this on the arms to restore shine where the poly coating has worn and dulled?
Is this dye clear or tinted?
is the finish a soft sheen or is it shiny?
can this be used on woods?
i have a leather shoulder bag that bleeds color on my clothes. Will this seal the color and stop the color coming on my clothes?
Is it good for shoes
Would this be a product good to seal a Coach leather handbag?
Do you recommend this product for a leather sofa?
What height are the chairs?
What is max weight chairs can hold
Are chair seats and backs padded or like tuff ftuff heavy composite plastic?
if the table legs do not fold up how do you store the table?
What is the seat height of the chairs?
What is the height of the table?
Is the table padded
does table fold?
I have an original Mosin Nagant 91/30 with the orginal stock will this fit my Mosin Magant?
This description says holds 5 shells, but the picture looks like it holds 9 rounds. Which is correct?
it says its Mossey Oak but the pic shows an all black one, which one is it?
does it hold 5 or 9 rounds? picture shows 9, description says 5.
I have a Weatherby .30-.378 magnum with cartridges that are considerably larger, overall, than .30-06 cartridges. Will they be too large for this?
Will this fit a Kar98k and/or k31 swiss?
Will this hold 5.56 NATO rounds?
will this fit a 17hmr shell? to big maybe?
does this fit .308 win.
Will this fit onto a mosin 9130 ati monte carlo stock? I believe it should but would just like to hear some other peoples ideas or experiances
does copper clay have to b fired in coconut shell?
It sais in the description above that you can torch fire it. Does it need to be a large, professional type? Or does the small hand held one do? THANKS
What temperature does it need to be fired at in the kiln?
How many true grips in each package? I have many rulers
can I easily move my ruler on the fabric to position it correctly, when NOT applying pressure?
Do they remain on the ruler and if so how long do they last ? Do you have to replace them every time you cut fabric ?
How many of these do you need to apply to each ruler or how far apart should they be spaced to do a good job staying put?
Will these stick to metal or cork or even a nonstick soft rubber like surface for rulers other than acrylic? I have numerous rulers for big projects.
How come the box says there are 30 in it and you only ship 15?
How thick are they? Can the ruler sit flush on the fabric?
Is this sharpener for 28mm, 45mm and 60mm??
Has anyone had problems with blade making contact on one side of the sharpener but not on other side?
Does the TrueCut Rotary Blade Sharpener use 45 size pinking blades?
Is this the same rotary blade sharpener put out by the Grace Company?
Does this sharpener work with other brands? Does anyone have experience with this product and those brands?
What blade size does it sharps?
Will it sharpen a 50 mm blade that appears unable to be removed from its shaft ?
How see through is it? Can you see objects moving behind it? I want something for a deer blind material but can't have any light traveling through it.
can you see through the fabric
what are the dimensions of this item?
I'm confused as to what kind of fleece this is? I want a micro fleece that is anti-pilling &amp; machine washable&amp; dryable.Does that describe this fabric?
If I ordered 3 yards of this fabric Would it come in one big piece?
what is the full size of this fabric?
what is the full size of this fabric?
Would this fleece work well for a lightweight bathrobe? About 8 years ago, I made a robe out of a lightweight fleece that I just love...and I think they called it Blanket Fleece at the time. However, I can no longer find that fabric. Thanks!
What type of fabric is the panel made of?
Are the names of the country readable? Thanks
Am I getting the full map on one panel?
What is the size?
I'm needing a map to cover a table for an elementary school showcase. Would this cloth cover the table and look good?
Does this throw have batting in it. Would it be appropriate for a table cloth?
Its 60" wide but how tall?
How big are the zig zags, i.e. 2"? 1/2"?
I'd like to order 2 yards, so if I choose "Qty: 2", will it be 2 continuous yards or two cut pieces one yard each?
If I buy 5 yards, does it come cut in (5) 1 yard pieces
If I were to hold a bolt of this fabric out in front of me would the chevron pattern be vertical (angles pointing up and down) or horizontal?
Is the premier print more of canvas type material or cotton broadcloth?
Do you cut all fabric in 1 yard lengths
The width of the fabric is given, but what is the length?
Will this be good for curtains, also when I order this how do i make sure they do not cut it per yard? I want a total of 4 yards all in one piece.
Can this be used for outdoor cushions?
How do you order if you want more than 1 yard? Someone posted they received each yard separately...I want 6 yards in one piece?
Is the amazing design memory card compatible with the Brother SE400?
Is this care will work at the lb6800? It will go straight to the sewing maching or I need anything ales ?
What type of card reader do I need for this card? It doesn't fit in my computer.
Will this work with Brother PE 500 embroidery machine?
How many megabytes is this card. It says large capacity but does not give exact in storage size.
will this work on a Brother PE-180D
Why does my brother pe150 not read this card?
does this card fit the Brother SE425?
will this card work on a brother SE-350
I have a baby lock allure and want to make sure this card will take a new design that I can use on this machine
For sleeves and pant legs, do you need to lift machine to position fabric on free arm?
Does this sewing machine, the Singer 3323S, have a light on it?
what extra feet come with the Singer talent 3323s
Hi, I've never sewn before and I'm looking to purchase a sewing machine. Does this machine have a needle down feature? If not, is it that vital?
2 questions: Metal or plastic bobbins? &amp; what is the front to back measurement on this 16lb machine?
What is the difference between the 3323 Talent and the 3323S Talent machine?
how is this machine on tension etc for knits?
Can you use metal bobbins, or must you use plastic bobbins only for this machine?
My sister and I are buying our 93 year old mother her first machine since the '50's. Her sight is very good (no glasses) . Good for her!!!???
Does this come with a foot pedal?
Is this 60wt or 90wt bobbin thread?
Do these work well on the Babylock Ellisimo?
My Singer Curvy takes a 15J bobbin. will these work?
Will these work with Brother Innovis 1500D? My experience has been that the super shiney prewound bobbins don't work well with my machine.
Will these fit in my Bernina 340? Thanks.
Will they fit my new Singer Futura XL550? Instruction book requires 15j.
I have a Brother Innovis 1250D; will these bobbins fit?
Is the white bow on it removable?
Hi. Could you let me know shipping dimenssion?
Can someone help me with the size of this pillow? Thanks so much!
is there a handle on the bottom
How many guests can sign this book?
Is the pen included?
how many pages does it have?
Can I use it for a first birthday? Or it specifically for wedding?
How many pages is it?
Are the garters recommended for plus size women?
Does anyone know how many spaces are available in the guestbook? It it pretty sizeable? My wedding is roughtly 100 people!
is it possible to order the collection with one additional flower girl basket? I have two flower girls.
Is the Armoire already assembled?
Is the fold out table sturdy enough for a Serger? I am loving this table but am concerned that it will wobble during use. How does it hold up?
Concerned about not having space for the sewing machine in the armoire? So, what are the dimensions of the shelf that shows a sewing machine on it?
If you open up the table, what is the width? Looking to see if there is room in a hallway once the table is open.
Does the pull-down table separate and completely roll out or does it have to stay attached to the unit?
Measurements of pull out table from drop-down hinges out to open end. Want my cutting mat to fit &amp; drop down (w/o creasing) when closed.
What are the measurements of the slide out shelf just under the table? Hard to tell from the schematic given.
Is the pull out shelf just under the table strong and sturdy enough to hold two sewing machines (which would fit according to measurements given)?
Any way to adjust height of 'table' once opened (29 1/2" high!). Too high ergonomically, esp. for shortie like me unless I sit on high stool!!
how heavy is this item &amp; how is it packed for shipping
Dimension of the box its packed in ?
Cutting directly from Illustrator: Can that be done with this plotter?
MAC compatibility? Does this only work for PC's?
my vinyl cutter is showing the image i want, but when i hit cut, it cuts even lines throughout the whole image, any ideas how to fix it?
Does this work with a MAC?
good morning, the plotter comes with the software and the key??? thank you!
buenos dias, el plotter viene con el sofware y la llave??? gracias
can anyone tell me the length of the longest scroll bar set in this product?
Can anyone give me advice on how best to set up my project on the frame to get it tight? I must be doing something wrong. Thank you!
would an 18x16 needlepoint fit in this?
Can these be attached to the floor frame?
Will it work with Adobe Illustrator or Photoshop?
Can this cut leather? I see it has a max force of 500g but will it take 3-4mm thick leather? I know the Cricut Explore can handle it.
Can i make letter stencils / letter cutouts with this machine using ttf fonts on my computer ? Thank you
how does it hook up
Hi, how do I use the plotter software without LXi ?? porq I can not download it gives me error
That measure has the cutter ?? regards
it works for cutting vinyl fabric with which formats work?
will it cut heat press vinyl such as glitter and hologram material
Is the included VE LXi sfotware as good as Illustrator for this cutter? I have Illustrator, but if the LXi is just as capable would that be easier?
how to make a circle font on the cutter
Has anyone tried this product without a black light? I was hoping to use it to paint faces at an overnight event but it is outdoors w/out black lights
Does this work well on canvas? How long does it take to dry?
is this glow in the dark paint?
Does this wash out of hair?
Can i put this on cement??? will it clean up afterwards without staining it?
how long did it take for you to recieve this iteam when you purchased it
This glow in the dark?
Does it glow in the normal light (not the UV light)? Does it glow in the dark?
Does it really take 1 to 2 months to ship? Because I need this in two weeks.
Does anyone have experience with both a Cameo and the Eclips? How do they compare to one-another? Thank you in advance.
How many Watts does this machine take? Indo should be on the box or the adapter.
what version is this macine
Does this machine accept designs from computer software such as adobe illustrator, Hallmark studio or printmaster?
Does that AC adapter also work on 230 Volt?
I am looking for an electronic cutting machine that I can use my art that is on my computer &amp; have that cut out . PLEASE ANY SUGGESTIONS????
Are multiple cartridges necessary if the software is purchased; if scoring is priority would you recommend machine?
How well does it cut a single layer of cotton fabric?
How up to date are the designs from the Sizzix eclips software?
Can this machine be used with the Silhouette Cameo or Cricute Expression?
adheres to metal
Would it be okay to use these on ceramic cups? Would they have to be baked afterward?
Is this a thick paint that cannot be seen through if painted on glass?
Can we use this for Canvas?
If I use these to paint wine glasses, and bake the dishes at 325 degrees, will they be dishwasher safe like Americana Gloss Enamels?
What is the difference between just Metallic and Glitter Metallic?? Thank you. Eagerly awaiting your reply.
are these colors for fabric use?
Is this ok for painting ceramic tiles?
Can these paints be used for nail art designing?
What are the baking instructions? Is it suitable for any glassware or only things that specifically say "bake-able"?
Does this paint work on metal? I would be painting over metal that has already been painted--like a cookie tin.
What size are the bottles?
do I need to use a glass medium with this paint to use on glass?
Does this seem to stay on glass pretty well, like through a dishwashing cycle?
Are these completely opaque or are they translucent? Good for stained glass simulation?
How long does it take for this paint to dry to the touch?
Is tis ok on my fish rock???h
are they food safe?
Do the colors mix and blend well to create new colors?
Do you need to apply a clear coat to this to seal it from moisture?
Can these be used to paint rocks to be left out in a garden? I assume you would need to put a sealer over it so the paint doesnt wash off with rain?
Can this be used on plastic...like pretzel or peanut containers?
Does this wash off hands easy? Looking to use this on terra cotta with a toddler.
How much surface area is one 2oz bottle supposed to cover and does one coat provide sufficient coverage?
Can I use this paint on metal?
can this paint be used on drinking glasses
is this waterproof?
Is this paint heat resistant? I want to find paint to use on light bulbs.
Do these work on plastic surfaces? I have some plastic 'stained glass' projects and would like a more transparent paint/stain than my acrylic paints.
Has any one tried useing these paints on copper crafting foil? I'm attempting to branch into mix media, and am looking for personal reviews
Can this be cleaned with windex if painted on glass or mirror?
Can this by used on clear/transparant cd's to make mandela's?
is this a water based medium or oil based medium, wat medium can be used for mixing
microwave safe?
Hello. I will be using this on LED clear glass white string lights to tone down the brightness. LEDS burn cool, so it seems ok. Any thoughts? Thanks!
Is this safe for a wine glass?
I am new at acrylic painting &amp; need to know if acrylics come in more than one form for painting on canvas &amp; boards? Liquid &amp; paste?
What is the size (ounces) of each individual paint bottle?
What kind of finish does this paint have? Is it a gloss or satin finish?
Is this paint food and/or dishwasher safe? I'm looking for paints to use on porcelain plates for a craft project (will bake in oven after painting).
Can i use this acrylic paint in plastics bottles?
Are these paints water or oil based?
Is this paint permanent and colorfast?
can it stay on outside with rain on it for marking names of trees?
I'd like to know if this is a good set of colors to use for making a rainbow out of 6 glass bottles. Would it make for a good rainbow?
can i use them on glasss or mirrors?
Can you use this on rocks?
can i use this paint to make hand or foot prints
Will this work for swirl painting?
I am looking for something to look colored yet see thru...like a fake glaze. Is this what will work?
Could I use these to paint the outside of wine glasses? Would they be dishwasher safe?
will this be transparent color after drying?
What size bottles are they?
wonder if it runs with COREL DRAW?
Is the software included the full version or only good for a short time frame? Is there any part of this machine that does not have a 1 year warranty
I have an R19 Vinyl Express cutter for the past two years working GREAT, but I just bought a new PC and the cutter does not work properly, Help?
can i use another software to use the plotter or only i need to use the expert software
will this machine do contour cuts?
Is this a pre quilted quilt?
Is there a backing to line it, so that the stitching doesn't show on the wrong side?
does it come with the thread?
What is this stencil made out of - is it mylar?
What is the actual size?
What size is the stencil?
Is this clay suitable for making an earthen wood stove
If you finished sculpting and you want to paint it, would you paint it after or before you put it in the oven?
is is 1 big piece or like a bunch of squares
can this be rewet or reused of unfired?
New to sculpting. Will this product hold detail unfired to make molds from a variety of molding materials?
Can I use this to make clay Tandoor(Indian Oven)?
i am new to this- what does low fire mean? may i use my oven- if so- how long and what temp?
can I make Tandoor Oven out of this clay? its What about make Eartheware, is this Non Toxic
is is 1 big piece or like a bunch of squares
can you air dry or is this for the oven? If so how long does it take to air dry/
Received my Handi clamp frame today. Could not get the clamps off of the scroll bars!! Struggled for aa
q snaps can be difficult to take off (arthritis) are these clamps easier to remove?
Can you tell me step by step how to load a project onto the dowels? This is the first time I've used something like this. Thx!
Are you able to make the fabric tight in the frame?
Would this frame hold a piece of cross stitch linen that is 18x27? Is it a "true" 20 inches wide? Thanks.
Is this good for counted cross stitch?
Hello, could you kindly let me know if this frame works for rug hooking
Can this be used for an eight by eight inch canvas?
Could you use a magnetic board and ruler with this? I think I need to use one to help me keep my place on the fabric.
Can anyone give me advice on how best to set up my project on the frame to get it tight? (I must be doing something wrong) Thank you!
how much paper does each color have ??
Is it white on one side (on-sided) or the same color on both sides (double-sided)?
Does the paper bleed? I don't like it when i fold and the paint/color comes off and i'm left with a white streak.
What colors are in this package? (Other than the gold and silver everyone keeps talking about)
amount of paper in package?
how many sheets comes in this package?
How tall are the birds
can I use this with my vagabond?
Can these be used with the vagabond Tim holtz machine
what is the size of this die can it fit a reg size machine?
Would you recommend this glue for paper craft? I make complex greeting cards with lots of paper elements to stick together. Some of my papers are very expensive Japanese papers, so I need a glue that will not go through the paper.
can it be used to stick gems to the face
Can I use this glue for my nail foil. Can my nail foil stick nicely, no fold or line stay after I use this glue?
Can this glue be used to add gems or plastic embellishments on fabric, and not peel or fall off? I make bows and want to add embellishments.
Would this be strong enough to hold craft wire to wood?
Would like to create a shadowbox of antique buttons (metal, shell, ivory) Would this glue hold them without damage to the buttons? Thanks!
Is this glue eco-friendly? What are the ingredients? I need it for business. Thanks!
what is the consistency of this glue? Could it be poured to create a thin coat? will it hold glitter to semi flexible plastic?
can it be used to glue on fake nails and how long will the nails stay on
is this machine good for beginners?
Is the internal workings, gears and working parts of this machine metal or plastic? Roger Bon
My question is can this machine sew hems on demin pants?
Will this machine sew through Velcro?
Can you use it on leather
will it work with light weight leather?
can this machine sew belt loops on denim jeans
Is it easy to thread? Is it easy to fill the bobbin? Thanks!
Would you recommend this machine to a complete novice 10-year-old?
Can this machine be plugged into 220 volts 50hz?
Can I use my metal bobbins in my machine or do I need to use the plastic ones?
Does this sew cloth diaper layers well? Combination layer of knit, fleece/Bamboo fleece, Cotton velour, elastic.
does this machine have foot pedal?
Will this machine fit into the universal carry case ? ( the height is equal suggesting the carry case is Not tall enough )
Do you have or know where i can get not the foot but the peace that holds the foot on. Mine broke. I am asking because I bought this one from you.
does this machine have plastic or metal parts?
How does it do sewing light fabrics such as silk?
Does this machine use a foot pedal for power?
does it come with the manual
Does this machine come with any extra feet? Like a zipper foot or a buttonhole foot?
Want to use on Zentangle patterns I draw on index cards with ink and pencil instead of purchasing laminator. Will this protect?
My daughter uses fabric paint to paint canvas sneakers (Converse). Could this be used to protect the painted sneaker while still letting foot breathe?
does this mod podge prevent the photo on coasters from being ruined by hot coffee mugs?
Is any good for a wood and paper clay project? I am trying to make a wand and it is painted with acrylic paint, need something for a clean finish.
Would this work on leather? Because I'm wanting to use this on a pair of leather boots. Anyone know?
can pencil be used to write over this product? For instance if I use it over a painted growth chart, can I still write in the kids names and heights?
I want to use it at the bottom (spray from outside) of a pottery water bowl for dogs. just want to make sure it won't get soaked into the water.
I'm looking for a sealant to use on a leather handbag that I painted with water based paint pens. Would this work? Thanks.
Has anyone tried this on resin?
Can i use this to make my wallpaper waterproof?
what weight yarn works with this loom?
how do you determine the number of stitches to cast on?
this is the adjustable sock loom right, looks like it but doesn't say???? Also is this the smallest gauge one? thank you!
IS THIS THE FINE GAUGE?
Can you give a full product description? You're using the same picture as another item on Amazon and they give a full description.
how many skeins to knit socks
Does this work well on plastic surfaces? I have some skulls that I glittered and I'm trying to keep the glitter form shedding as much as possible.
Can this be used on markers &amp; colored pencils done on cardstock?
When using this product on glass, do you apply during/after the paint has cured on the glass?
does this work well on paper? I have used modge podge on my mini album covers in the past but it is too messy
can i use this on a pair of canvas shoes i recently painted with acrylic paint?
I am new to paper crafts. Would this work to add a little extra protection from water and wear to decorative origami boxes and Christmas ornaments?
Is this safe to use on surfaces that will be used to serve food?
Regarding protecting markers on card stock: What other products have been used successfully?
Would this cover rubber boots painted with acrylic and prevent chipping?
I am trying to find a spray product to seal paper quilling projects I have completed. Can I use this on paper?
Can this be used on fabric, specifically car seat?
will this work over a plastic model car that was painted with enamel? You can't use laquer cause it will wrinkel the paint job.
Will this work on oil pastel drawings?
Is it water proof? I'm looking to use it on inkjet prints to seal them from water and resin.
Would this be good for sealing concrete garden statues before and/or after painting them? I don't want to purchase big containers of concrete sealer.
Can this be used to protect a painting being displayed outside?
Your description says it "Applies clear and dries matte." It then says it "Dries to a glossy luster" Well...which is it?
Can this be used on top of chalk paint that's been applied to either card stock or a game board for example?
Would this work well on felted wool? To sort of tone down the porous-ness and fuzz? Thanks
Does this work on wood?
can this be used with a cricut
Will this work as a hand stencil for airbrushing?
Are these stencils clear?
Can I use this with my electric, heated stencil cutter?
Can you use these for cake stencils
can i use it with my silhouette cameo? thanks
what are the dimensions of this product? How big is the sheet?
how thick is it? thanks!
I want to buy this for a lesbian couple. Are there parts in the scrapbook that specify "bride and groom" or anything that would make it bad for them?
What color is the album?
does it have special pages for bridal showers and genealogic trees?
Does this come with paper pages to add pictures?
Can this scrapbook be expanded with refill sheets?
hello there, are the inside of the front cover and back lined with paper/cardboard or fabric? thank you for your time
What kind of glue would you recommend to glue the 24 boxes with?
Approximatley how much time does this take to assemble? I am considering it for a playgroup activity, but would have to pre-assemble about 10-12.
What is the dimensions of each drawer?
what did people use to put in boxes?
I ordered and have assembled the Beyond the Page MDF Chimney Advent Calendar. Any ideas of where to find the ornaments for the boxes??
How big is the case? What are the dimensions?
Does this item come with a divider to fit into every slot?
What is the difference between this model and the 6982AB model? They look like the have the same dimensions and compartments. Thanks!
Would this be good to hold and separate crayons, colored pencils, markers and then have room for children's water colors, brushes, scissors, stickers?
How deep is the top compartment? How deep is the bottom compartment?
Is this box good for Rainbow Loom?
will this fit 12x12 scrapbook paper?
will this hold 12x12 scrapbook paper?
If this has a handle to carry like a suitcase, what keeps the items from tumbling around when the case is picked up?
How many dividers come with this? Enough to fill every slot in the top section so as to have the maximum number of spaces?
I could not find any "Washing Instructions" on the package. Are these inserts washable???
can this be cut
How many yards of 44" fabric is needed to cover these pads?
How much fabric is needed for the pattern?
Why does this come with 6 pieces? Aren't Bumpers normally 4 pieces (2 length pieces, 2 width pieces)?
Are the pads rounded on the edges or 90 degree angles?
Your answer to No. 5 is "very spongy". The description says "high density". To me, high density means very firm. This is what I need. Please clarify.
i'd like to know the density too?
is this OK for outdoor (e.g. in a car) use?
could this be used for a headboard
Does this come in 6" thick in the 24 inch x 10 foot?
Is this foam treated to be fire retardant? And if yes, is there a brand that does not use fire retardants in their foam products?
for the seller: can I get a sample?
is this OK for outdoor (e.g. in a car) use?
Can this be used as a mattress and can it be cut and glued together to make a custom size?
how should I cut it?
just bought this set and cannot get the ink to stay on top of the water. i watched a video first too! i am an artist used to using varying materials?
Can this be used for coloring eggs in spin an egg
What type paper should I purchase to use the marbling kit?
I have ordered this marbling ink kit. How do I dispose of the water/ink solution when I am done? Should I add Dawn to the solution and pour in drain
Can I use this on silk fabric?
Will this stain the container that is used for the paper? I'm contemplating doing a scarf in a bath tub but I don't want to wreck anything.
Will this stain the container that is used for the paper? I'm contemplating doing a scarf in a bath tub but I don't want to wreck anything.
What do you know about marbling ink, Japanese Suminagashi?
On a Tumi bag, not only is the zipper pull removed, but also the lower 'bracket' that holds this in place. Still good to buy this?
My old zipper on coveralls is a #8 Does this kit come with that size? Thanks
Is this product made out of plastic or metal?
Is this pull sturdy enough for a luggage zipper or is it more for clothing?
will this replace a 5v slider?
Will this fit on a dress zipper?
Are these zippers no. 5 size
What size is it? Dimensions?
what is the best leather for making a strop to use for chisels and plane blades?
I am making leather bracers for my ComicCon costume. Will this be thick enough for that? If not, what type of leather is good for making bracers?
can i use this to make a knife sheath
Can you use a craft cutting machine such as the cricut explore to cut this leather? How thick is it?
what is the best leather for making tooling motorcycle seat
I will be using this leather to make simple journal covers. Will this leather take leather stamping well?
I am looking for non-toxic leather to use with essential oils. Do you sell any non-toxic leather?
i am wanting to make a vest for the faire. would this be a good thickness for it?
Would this work for wet molding or is it too thin? I'm thinking of making some masks with it.
Would this work for a handmade book cover?
Sizes? What sizes are those chisels!?
How long are the chisels?
What are the dimensions of the smallest and largest chisels in this set? The blade width.
where are they made?
Is this a cut away stabilizer. Thank you
What is the best way to fuse this to fabric?
Is this a cut away stabilizer. Thank you
does this size 8" fit a 5x7 hoop?
Can a second piece be ironed onto the back of the design to protect the wearer from scratches once the embroidery is done?
What are the instructions for use of the fusible no-show polymesh stabilizer?
I tried a no-show mesh from another vendor and it left residue in my machine. Any reported problems like that?
I/m a little confused. Do you use this on the back of the item you are embroidering/appliqueing along with another stabilizer?
Is this soft enough to be next to a babes chest?
hard to remove the portion not covered by the stitches, how do you remove? It leaves behind most of the glues on the shirt.
I've nver used this before and no instructions included. Can I iron this on or do I need to use adhesive spray?
Can you use this poly mesh as a topper stabilizer for machine embroidered terry cloth items?
how do I use it?
this is self fuesble ?
Is it good for hand embroidery without a machine?
Do you feel these transparent sheets will help with students dealing with ADHD, dyslexia, and reading comprehension?
Could you use this on a Kindle Touch screen to filter blue light?
How thick are the sheets?
Is this good for film gel
Can these be printed on by either an inkjet or laserjet printer/copier
Are the sheets adhesive backed?
are the sheets flexible? can you use them in sewing projects?
I see the price is $9.89. How many in a package, or are they sold by the piece?
What colors are the sheets?
Would these hold up for outside use? I am thinking to decorate a chain link fence but not if they will crack or fade
Can I import .jpg files to convert them to .pes with this software?
Can you use this to convert appliques so you can use them in a Sillouete Cameo?
Can anyone tell me the difference in the "Edit and Stitch" and the "Personalize and Stitch".
How many fonts are on this program?
can I RESIZE alphabet letters AND can I also resize pes designs?...on the same screen...
Will this work with a Singer machine?
Is this better than Embird? i find Embird difficult to manuever.
Will this work with baby lock ellure?
So this does the exact Sam e as personalize and stitch but has sizing and editing of a file also which the other program doesn't do that.
DOES THIS WORK ON A HUSQVARNA DESIGNER 1?
Can this hold heavy Chinese cleavers?
Does this have a flat back that can ad hear to granit
What is the weight of this? Need to glue mount.
How far from each end are the screw holes?
Will this hold stainless steel knives?
Good machine for TOTAL beginner? Need to buy anything with it--needles, bobbins, etc? What color is it--white/cream and green/blue? Thank you!
Will a Janome sewing machine have a warranty if it is purchased through Amazon?
Does this machine include walking feet? and can it sew leather?
Does it come with a case?
quilting
Length of the arm?
weight
foot pedal control for janome 2212: does the foot pedal controller actuall vary the speed from slow to fast?
Does it surge? To finish off hems?
Does it need a special sewing machine table or can you use it on a standard table? (Last time I used a sewing machine was about 30 years ago!)
Does this come with accessories - zipper foot, blind hem foot, etc.? Does it require special bobbins?
Can someone please answer this question: If you (person answering the question) close your eyes, can you successfully load the bobbin by feel?
Can you change the stitch length, and can you change the width for the zigzag stitch?
Does it work well with stretchy fabrics?
Will this model take a walking foot?
what do I do to fix the bottom seam. It is not right
is this machine good for 7 to 8 year olds to learn on. I don't want to waste money on the toys.
Does this have a speed control?
how heavy is the machine?
Is this machine sturdy enough to do a few layers of denim?
Can it be used for woodblock relief prints?!
Can it be used for Aquatinta prints?
can you print from a dry plate?
Can we use this press for polymer photogravure?
How should we do to fix the press?
Can this be used for mono prints? And linoleum prints?
what is the width between the legs? 46? 44? I am looking to put my knitting machine under the table when not knitting.
How many locks(colored red) are there underneath the mid section of the table because mine only has one?
When the table is locked in place does the table still fold up just a tidge? Mine does.
how much does this table weight???
where are the handles?
How do you open this table?
what is the weight of this table?
Would the top be "cuttable" to make rectangular openings to insert dish basins to make a DIY camp double sink, 1 opening each side of the fold?
Would I be able to fold and put under a bed?
Could this table be used for measuring &amp; cutting sewing patterns on?
Are these actually made in Finland?
Are the blades curved?
Are these still made in Finland (as of 6/3/2014)? Anyone get Chinese made?
can you please indicate full length and the length of the Stainless Steel
How long are these scissors, they appear to be 4 inch?
the length?
Will it fit a Janome 7318?
What are the dimensions of this bag?
Will it fit a Janome 7330 ?
Will it fit a Janome 37330 ?
Will a Janome 2212 fit?
Is the picture of the color accurate?
Can someone tell me if this bag is made in China or not? Thanks.
What are the dimensions of this item?
Ok, I have found out it does work with the Brother Ped Basic -PES ----I want to be able to scan business cards and make "patches" will this work?
Will this product allow you the option to send directly from the computer to the embroidery machine? I just bought a used Toyota AD850 machine.
Will the software work with Windows 8?
Does this work with PES File and the Brother PED Basic?
Is this software compatible with Bernina Artista machines, ART format, and designerplus software?
How do I send it straight from the computer to the embroidery machine?
Can I split the stitch count with this software? I was told to get Embird but I cannot afford it. Is this software comparable to that?
will this work with mac?
will this software convert to JEF files?
Will this wind metal bobbins for long arm sewing machines
Does it wind Viking bobbins? I have a #1 Plus.
Does this wind pfaff sewing embroidery 2144 bobbins?
Could I use this to transfer thread from plastic to wooden spools (use for historic reenactment).?
Is it Compatible with baby lock esante ESE?
Will this winder work on metal bobbins for a mid arm quilting machine?
Does this bobbin winder work with Janome embroidery bobbins without a problem?
I'm wondering if this works for Janome bobbins?
Will this work with elastic thread?
Is this meant for display OR sewing garments ?
This is supposed to come with little screw knobs on the bottom of the form so you can position it on the pole and then tighten it down to adjust the height, right? Mine seems to be missing those.
some of the answers re sizing say that it's representing a petite person that would wear a 0-2. Description a mannequin that wears size 8?
It mentions a thin foam layer...how far can a pin go into the mannequin?
Is the back side FLAT or does it have a rounded rear? Thanks.
is it human size
Is this at all similar to mulberry paper? Looking for fibrous paper.
Does ink bleed through the paper? Want to use it over Spencerian practice notebooks with flex tip fountain pen, need something I can see through.
Is this paper good for ink marbling?
Is this Rice paper eidible?
Is this paper good for printmaking?
Could it be used for Suminagashi?
How well does this paper work for block prints?
what is the paper size?
what is the size of this paper?
Which side do you use for ink, the rough side or the smooth?
Does this include all 4 of the mannequins?
Can you use these dress form for sewing?
What color is the body?
I would like a mannequin like this in child size 12, but with a head included. Would you have such a thing?
will this spool work in the brother pe500?
Would the spool work in the brother 1500d
I like what I see as far as color, but I have a Husqvarna embroidery machine. How will it sew with it,I'm new to embroidery
Where may I get a color chart for Brother thread?
Is it possible to order this item without the rack to ship to Australia?
What size are these spools -- my Brother 270D has an autothread cartridge - will these fit?
So it's a 60-thread rack... and the picture shows 60 spools of thread. What color is the 61st?
Brother Disney embroidery threat and rack: Does this thread have the "shine" or is the thread dull?
conversation chart
Are the spools the ones that you can lock the thread when you're done with it?
Hi, I am interested in purchasing the set however it is for a display and I need to know what is the exact size of each spool (diameter and height).
Is the thread polyester or rayon?
Does this selection of thread come with a storage rack?
Is this the thread that I use on the Babylock Ellure Plus Embroidery Machine?
hello, can thread be use for regular sewing machine? or just for embroiderey?
color chart with this
Does sticker number is consistent with Brother?
Is there a conversion chart available anywhere?
Does sticker number is consistent with Brother?
I have the brother embroidery machice HE1 and I was wondering if this tread has a color chart with it to help match color in other brands
Does this come with a color sheet so you will be able to tell your colors along with the Numbers
Does the product come with the spool rack? Does the product come with the spool rack?
How do the spools come packaged? storable?
this brand or thread is to what brand on the color chart.(to maderia,sulky.does CC stand for coats and clark brand?
What is the Name Brand. Mine only says 100% polyester Embroidery Thread - Col then color # then on bottom of dot on top 120D/2 500m.Please help
Do you have a chart that shows how the spools are arranged by color in the picture?
Will these threads work on Singer XL 400
Can you tell me the height of each spool? I store my thread in drawers and have a limited number of inches in order for them to stand up. Thanks
What is the yardage on each spool
What is the yardage
Will this thread work on a Brother Personal Embroidery machine
Why is it described as 260 different colors, when there are 37 colors duplicated and 4 that have 3 spools of each!
I bought this thread and was using it and I noticed that the strand of in the needle was splitting. Anyone else having this problem?
If you buy the 100 set, when you need a replacement spool is there a way to order just the replacement color?
I do not need the thread. I only need the rack. Would you sell just the rack and if so, how much please?
What is your return policy if the thread doesn't work with a particular machine. Obviously I will have to try a spool to see if it works.
Does each color have a name that is descriptive of the color? I now have 14 shades of yellow and the design I worked on yesterday called for "yellow"
Is there a universal colour chart or does each manufacturer think up their own colour names?
Are there any Viking owners having great luck with this product?
I bought this a while back and need a spool of the number 2305. Is it possible to get just 1 spool?
who manufactures this thread, I need to convert the numbers.
Has anyone used these threads on a Bernina? If so, how did they do?
How many feet are included in this item?
Is this a soft wire?
how much wire is on a spool?
Just bought this tablet and I can't figure out how to make it work. Can anybody tell me where to find step by step instructions on how to use it?
i love art and would love to do digital, so what drawing tablet should i get? I want one not too sensitive,(i draw a bit hard) and a large screen.
What kind of software does this include? The image shows a disk, but is that just the setup or does this come with additional software?
Is this tablet windows 8 compatible?
Do you see the picture you are drawing on the tablets screen or do you have to be connected to a computer to see what you are drawing??
Do you have to use the disk it comes with to install the software? (I don't have a cd/dvd drive on my computer at the moment).
Can you save your work away from a computer?
Can you use it to write with your finger instead? I have to already replace the PEN of my Monoprice Tablet.
Does this tablet support stylus tilt? Does this 10x6.25 Monoprice tablet support the "tilt" feature?
Does the tablet come with a pen? Or does that need to be purchased separately?
Is this card stock or just paper?
Is this paper thick enough to be used as the base of a card or is it too thin? Thanks...
Can it be used for origami, or is it too thick?
Is this sturdy enough to make cupcake wrappers (not liners)? Patterns look great for the birthday party we're planning.
There is controversy about the description of this product. ... Is is class 15 OR class 15J for singer machines??
Does these bobbins comes with thread
What are the measurements of the box?
Will these work in a Singer GC590?
Will the bobbins work well with a Singer Quantum 9960 sewing machine?
Do these bobbins work in a Singer 6105 sewing machine where they are drop in bobbins and is the cover see through?
does this fit the janome dc5100?
Hi, would this work with a Janome 2212? I believe they are about the same size.
Where can I get the adjustable legs? mine has only 1/2 inch legs.
what extension table fit a janome magnolia 7330
Will it work on my New Home 372?
I have Janome 3160QDC - I'm looking for a low shank walking foot for this light weight machine. Will this item work?
Will this work on a Janome 5812?
will this work on a janome gem
Will this work with the Janome 2212?
will this fit the Janome hd3000
will this fit my model 7330 magnolia
Is the the correct walking foot for my Janome 1050?
does this fit the Janome DC2010?
Recently purchased a snap on gathering foot for my Janome 7330...will not snap on...what can I do?
Does this work for Janome QDC 3160? Does this foot work well to do ruffles on tulle? Thanks
Does it fit the mc7700?
Will this foot work on Janome 6600P?
Does it work on a Janome 2212 model?
Will this work on the Janome model 11574 heavy duty sewing machine? Thanks!
does this work for my Janome 5812?
Does this fit 9MM machines? I have the janome skyline.
Will this work on a Janome Decor Excel Pro 5124?
Does this work for Janome 8200QC ?
will this work on the Janome L393 model?
does it work for my Janome Memory Craft 3000?
Will this fit a Janome Horizon 7700 machine?
Does this foot work on the magnolia 7318 if possible?
Is this product versatile enough to be handled by left-handed individuals without adapting?
Is the tape clear/invisible or is it slightly opaque or white?? Thank you!
Is there a respositionable tape for this gun?
Is there "Repositionable" tape available for this Tape Glider? I prefer the repositionable over the permanent, hands down. Thanks
What is the difference between this and the "ATG 85" which is "updated"?
is the tape safe for scrapbooking??
Can this gun take 1/2" tape or just 1/4"?
can you use wider tape? 1/2" or 3/4"
If I have a roll of acid-free tape loaded, is it possible to unload the acid-free and reload with the general tape (to switch between projects)?
Hey, What does 2-pack or 4-pack mean, is it two of these? Thanks.
can I use it on the back of canvas? I am restoring a split canvas print to its backing / substrate
ATG GUN: Does this price include the ATG gun?
It says "refill rolls", but a lot of the reviews mention the tape dispenser - does this also come with a dispenser?
Is this double-sided tape? Either it doesn't say that anywhere on here, or I am just not seeing it. Thanks!
For all you crafters: what are the pros and cons between the general purpose and the acid neutral? Thanks!
Would it be possible to use the tape without the dispenser?
is this really acid free? why do people claim that only the gold tape is acid free?
Does the refills come in non-permanent (repositionable)?
Does the 2-pack mean 2 boxes (which would mean 4 rolls in all) or just 2 rolls? If I just want 1 box of 2 rolls what do I select?
Where is the best place to buy the tape refills by bulk?
will this cover fit the memory craft 7700 model?
Is there a carrying case for Janome 7330?
Does this case fit the 7330? or is there one that fits?
Does this fit a Janome 2212?
I don't see the Janome 7318 machine in the list, is that an omission or this cover is not for this machine?
Does it has a place to store your manual and cords and foot pedal ?
Will this fit a full size Janome 2206?
can you please recommend a good trolley for the Janome 7330, I am going to purchase the janome 7730 for my daughter who may take it to college so it
What are the measurements?
Would this particular model be useful for my 8-year-old daughter, now size 10-12, who wants to design her own clothes??
Is is too big for T2?
Is the height of the dress form adjustable?
What is the height of the form including the pole and base?
What size would you recommend I buy that will cover both 18-24 mths and 4 -5 years. I require it for display at trade shows primarily for girldresses
What size is s-m? Will it fit clothes 0-2?
Is the black strip on the waist removable?
Can you tell me the bust,waist and hips size? This is a beautiful dress form but I would like to know waht are bust, waist and hips size??
what size piping cord will it support?
I am new to the whole sewing thing, I have Janome 124 mini that I am learning on. My question is will this foot fit on the Janome 124 mini?
Would this fit a DC3050 machine?
Can I use this piping foot on my Jenome 2212 ?
What is the part number? I have a Janome 4618LE and need #200314006
Is this compatible with Janome model 7318?
Will this fit the DC3050?
Will this work in reverse, such as backstitching at the beginning and end of a seam or with a triple stitch where it takes two stitches forward, then one back and so on for a reinforced seam? I have read that some brands of walking feet do not. Your...
will it work with a hd3000
I have a Janome model magnolia 7330 will this work?
I have the very basic Janome Model 2222 - will it work?
Will this work for a Janome 2212 with a low shank?
Will this work on a Jem Platinum 720?
Will this fit the 49360?
Is this walking foot compatible for a Janome 8077?
will this card fit a brother pe-180d embroidery machine
where can I buy ebroidery software
What format are the designs?
Will it work in a Brother LB-6800 machine?
will the memory cards fit other machines? Will Janome cards fit the brother machines
will this work with. the brothers 400
Is this a Heat-Fusible batting? Thank you.
what the measurement on this??? 8ft [96] and 6ft 9" [81] Length x Width??? thanks for answering.
is this just for one batting?
What sizes are included in the set?
What are the numbers of the brushes in the set?
Any idea where these were made? Thanks so much!
Does bobbin fit Bernina 530 machine?
Are these original equipment Bernina bobbins?
Do these bobbins fit Aurora 440 QE
Are these bobbins correct for my 1120 Bernina?
Will these fit my Activa 240 sewing machine?
I have a Bernina 630. Will these fit my machine?
I have a Bernina 930 machine. Are these bobbins compatible with this model?
Which bobbins fit the artista 730?
Do these come in a plastic case so I can store them easily?
I ordered the 20-pk of Bernina Bobbins, but they were wrong for my machine. I returned them to you but haven't heard about a refund. Please reply.
would this work on the bottom of boots?
Will this work on a phone case? I have a new battery cover on my Note 3 and it's too slick!
I have ceramic tiles outside that are slippery when wet. Would this work? I don't mind if it changes look of tile.
will it work on plastic?
Is this ok to use on wood laminate floors?
I'm looking to use this on a set of truck ramps made of wood... How long would it last per application? How many Sq Ft per can?
I would be using this product on hardwood stairs. How do you "properly prepare" wood for this product? Has anyone had any problems with their stain?
Would this work on top of latex solid color decking stain, on my deck's steps? Also, could I restrain the deck with the latex stain after using this p
Would this work on an outdoor ramp that has been stained?
Has anyone tried this on brick? Previous owner installed smooth brick outside front door to the house and it gets very slippery when wet.
Can this needle be used with a magnolia 7318 model?
I have a Janome Sew Mini Model 124...can this needle be used with this model?
Can this be used with a sew and sew sewing machine?
can this needle be used with the new beginner Janome in the bright colors model 001blaze
can this needle be used for the Elna 2002?
compatible with Janome model 2212?
What is the difference between the size 11 and 14? I am using them to hem jeans or sew with quilters cotton. I have a Janome 7330.
Are these real Janome needles? Why is Organ inscribed on the shank?
Will these needles work on a Brother PE500 Embroidery machine? (Manual states use regular sewing machine needles)
Is the price $6.30 for one pack or more? Could not find this info in description
Will the janome universal needles sizes 11 and 14 work well on Janome Memory Craft Horizon 8900 Qcp
Can you tell me if these are smaller than 8 mm long, or the "exact" dimensions these keys are?
Exactly how big are the keys?
How many keys are in this set??
Are these paints edible?, My baby puts everything in her mouth!
does it stain the skin
Does it contain any Wheat, Gluten or Dairy?
I this paint a powder that I can use to color sand?
is this washable?
Are they colorfast?
Does this contain soy products?
Does this contain peanut products?
Manufacture age states 3 + I believe, but has anybody tried this for a 1 year old or so and what has been your experience? Any tips?
Can this be used on wood?
what size is jumbo hoop
What is the size of this hoop? 6x 10?
Are you sure it will fit a Brother PE 770 embroidery machine?
Size and does it fit SE400 brother machine
how do you use the jumbo hoop on the pe770?
Will this work with a Brother Innovis 2800D?
Does it come with complete instructions?
will this work for the innovis 1500d?
do you have to clean them with silver cleaner?
Are these beads seamless? There are conflicting reviews.
Anyone know for sure if these are solid or plated? Thanks!
would these go on a 1mm leather round cord?
will these fit on 1mm waxed cotton cord?
are these hollow on the inside so that I can pop them over a knot to cover it?
What gauge wire will go through the hole? 20, 21, 22??
how large is the hole?
Hello! I bought these in the past and I started using them. I did a Magnet test on them and they stick to the magnet. Why do they do that?
Are these genuine .925 Sterling Silver beads?
How many colors come with the product?
Where do you get the board to frame the canvas?
What size is this canvas?
what size is it
Will this fit a Singer 7258?
Does this foot snap on to a walking foot for Brother machines
will this fit a babylock machine?
Will this foot fit a Brother sewing machine?
Will this fit a Pfaff ?
would this be a foot you use while quilting (3 layers)? I use a walking foot, but it doesn't seem to be able to snap on another foot.
Will this work on a Baby Lock Ellure? It's about 10 years old. I had to buy a walking foot that was different than the one used by the newer machines
will it work on my singer machine?
This presser foot appears to be made of metal. Is that correct? If it is metal, how is the finish (smooth edges, solid fit with the snap on feature)?
If you have the blind stitch foot X56409-051 that comes with the Brother PC-420PR, do you also need this edgestitch foot?
Will these needles work on a baby lock machine? The package I bought before at the store have this number on it:HAx1 14
I have a white treadle 100 years old. the needle they say I need is White F.R. needle flat shank 1 and 1/2 inch long will the organ needles work?
Question 1: Will Organ Sewing Machine Needles fit my Bernina 930 sewing machine and my Brother XR-7700 sewing machine.
Will these fit the Brother SC9500 (including the needle threader)?
Will these fit babylock ellisimo gold
what size needle do I want if I'm piecing 100% cotton fabric?
My Babylock Evolution serger calls for EL705CF--will these work?
WILL THESE FIT A 1961 SINGER SLANT-O-MATIC 401? THANKS.
Will these needles fit a Brother CS6000i sewing machine?
What type of needles are these? I am looking for topstitch needles.
are these used for embroidering also?
Will these work for heavier wait material?
Will these needles work for the singer 3323 | talent sewing machine?
Will these threads work on Singer XL 400 and will the automatic needle threader work with them?
I'm new to sewing &amp; I'm not sure what the sizes of needles mean, could someone please explain? Or tell me the best needle to use for most fabric?
Would these work on a Brother XL 2600I?
Do these work on The Dream Machine XV8500D?
Will these threads work on Brother se400 and are they for both sewing and embroidering? or only for sewing?
are these needles for embroidery machine? or only for sewing machine?
Are these ballpoint?
need bobbin case for Kenmore 15812520 - will this one fit my machine?
I have a Singer front loader serial number NC058932. Will the Class 15 bobbin case work?
does this bobbin case fit brother xl2600i or bobbin sa156
Will this fit an old Singer model 15 sewing machine?
Will this bobbin case fit a Janome JD 1818?
Will this bobbin case fit a Montgomery Ward UHT J 1947 machine?
will this fit my singer prelude model #8280
will this bobbin case fit dressmaker model 6102FA
need bobbin case for very old kenmore 1581774 will this fit?
will it fit my Singer 78-3?
I need this for my drivers seat. How long will one of these typically last if I drive sit on it everyday?
Can you cut it with a razor or scissors to cover a smaller hole?
How many patches come in the package, just one?
I have a black leather coat and with my ex employer name on it. Will this cover up the name
Has anyone used this for a sofa that a pet has damaged. Would it be easy for the pet to pull off?
Is this one big strip
Will it work on FABRIC auto upholstery?
Is it strong enough to use on a convertible top?
WATERproof
what colors does it come in?
Can it be used on leather boots? My pinkie toe tore a hole in my favorite boots.
does it last
can it be easily trimmed to fit the tear
is this just one patch, or are there a number of patches in one package?
can you CUT the patch so it is narrow-er? I only need something 1" wide... not 4" wide... thanks!
would this be good for a 3"x3" leather surface tear?
My sofa is very dark brown, almost black. Would I be better off with this color or black?
Is the leather dyed all the way through? When I cut it will the edges of the patch be the same color as the surface or will they be lighter colored?
Will this work on an upholstered chair?
I see some have said it is dark brown. Would it match an espresso colored leather couch?
May I use this product with an HP Officejet 6500?
Do I need to use any paper like parchment during the process or after it like silicone paper, if so is it included in the package?
I need to names, do i need to mirror them when using this paper.
I assume you have multiple stocks of this item at this price. Will you restock when it runs low?
Is the paper side shiny or slick?
Will this tape adhere to wood? I am wanting to use it on the back of a wooden picture frame.
Is this tape acid free? I'm interested in using it to stretch watercolor paper.
Is this recycled? What percentage is post-consumer waste? And is it recyclable?
Would this be strong enough to seal packages that are being shipped?
Can it be used to cover up other writing on boxes
Will it easily release from watercolor paper?
Is this paper good four foundation paper piecing?
Does this paper work well with automatic feed printers?
Does the ink smear once you've printed off (like real newsprint)? Or does it seem to offer a clean printing even with handling, folding, etc.?
Does the paper resemble newspaper looks / feel? We are wanting a comic paper effect.
Can you trace applique design on this paper the stitch over the design&gt;
Has anyone tried printing quilt motifs on this and sewing through the paper and tearing away? Thinking this might work to help with consistency.
Can you see through it easily? I'm looking for a cheap tracing paper alternative.
Is this paper good for toddlers just starting to use crayons, or does it rip easily?
Can i emboss
Looking for gold foil to wrap 8" flower pots for a 50th anniv. Would this work?
This would b used for cut out crafts people will handle with bare hands. After cutting with scissors r edges sharp?
I am looking for gold aluminum foil about the same thickness of kitchen foil for a craft project...any suggestions?
What Mil thickness is this product?
Is this flammable? I need to put it in a fireplace under pillar candles to catch the wax.
Does anyone know how this compares to Amaco art emboss light weight for thickness? I am looking to make permanant plant markers.
is this the same as used for tin punching?
Think you can cut this to size and print on it with a inkjet printer?
is this heatproof ?
Am looking to make gift tags but want it to be sturdy and have some body to it, is this thick enough for that purpose?
Would this work for making hammered ceiling panels? It would be attached to redwood ceiling boards
Can you patina this? I am refinishing kitchen cabinets and looking for an affordable alternative to patina copper.
How would this hold up if the finished product was kept outdoors?
What color is the foil? Can't find it anywhere in the description.
Can this be used to "fluff up" sofa cushions?
If this is used to stuff a dog bed, will it be wash/dryable? The cover is.
Does this product contain flame retardants? Is it 100% polyester fill without retardant chemicals?
How many 17"x17" throw pillows would this fill?
What is the volume of fill ? Of Box ?
I want to stuff cushions (backs and seats) for my outdoor furniture. I'm looking for something that will make them very soft and comfortable.
Can this be used for a coat lining? Im looking to attach this poly filling to a lining to create a coat similar in appearance to a goose down fill.
Is this safe for aquarium use?
Can this be used in place of snow blankets for Christmas
My niece is going to have a "Frozen" themed party. We are wanting to use this as snow-like feature in pictures and decor, would this work for that?
Is this pure copper?
Was wondering I can use this copper foil to obtain an impression from a plaque--three D effect? What tools would I need to make an accurate and detailed impression, that is, of letters from the plaque?
What Mil thickness is this product?
Can you draw into this copper? If I used a pen tip, would it show embossed lines on the opposite side, or is it too thick to register those marks?
The question is: Can this copper sheeting be folded like an accordion fold?
Can I use these copper foil as a baking foil in oven for cooking instead of using the aluminum foil ?
What gauge is the copper?
Is this copper exactly 12" wide? What type of glue should I use to glue it sheet metal
Is this copper exactly 12" wide? What type of glue should it to sheet metal
Is this copper exactly 12
is this already mounted to hard board?
Is this a stretch canvas on a wooden frame? Or is this a thin, cheap, flat canvas panel?
Hi - I need 1,000 of these, is that possible
How do you hang those canvas?
what is the core size?
It's listed as both aluminum foil and a copper roll.. is it aluminum or copper?
Is the foil able to be patina'd?
Is this copper foil really bright and reflective?
Can this be glued down? If so what glue works best?
can this be glued to the wall and used as wall paper?
Can you solder a copper wire to the copper colored side?
Will this burn?
Is this the same weight/ gauge as kitchen aluminum foil? Thanks!
I want to use this to line the inside of a rain gutter that cannot be removed. I would need to work/form it into shape for that purpose. Feasible?
How many yards did you purchase to make the valances?
Is this flannel?
Is this cotton?
How much vinyl fabric do you get with this purchase?
Would like to use this to wrap my south facing porch near Albany, NY but the temp sometimes reaches around zero degrees with wind. Will this fail?
Does this come on a roll or folded to ship?
What gauge would be best for sewing a storage case? I need the thickness like zip-up bedding sets come in. Need durable-I want to store fabric bolts.
I want to make a vinyl clutch. is this thick enough?
I need plastic or nylon or durable materials, using for the visor brim.(I will cover this material with my choice of designed material.
Vinyl 30 gauge is it sold by the roll and how many feet in a full roll?
If I need 6 yards, will it come in a single roll or 6 individual pieces? Hoping it'll be a single roll. Thanks.
I'd sure like to know how much 30-gauge vinyl I get for this price, but there are no dimensions given. So I can't order..
can i get a sample of this product
if I order 2 ore 3 yds will it come as one piece or seperate yards
this price is for one yard
What is the temperature it can go down to? 20 degrees? 10 degrees? higher? lower?
what is the size of this 40g above? (can I use it as a plastic door for my green house?)
Would this be suitable to recover kitchen chairs, i.e. fabric underneath topped by this clear vinyl?
what is thickness in English
will it stand up to sub zero tempertatures
What type of needle and thread should be used on this vinyl, for hand sewing?
Would this work as a replacement rear window for my convertible?
Where is the 40G Fabric made?
Is this clear like a window
40 Gauge: what it would be in Millimiters?
So if I buy 2 that means 2 yards? Thanks!
if I order a quantity of 3 will I receive 1 piece of material ?
Will this material hold up well on exercise equipment? I was looking to re-upholster a bench used for bench pressing etc.
What is the weight per yard? 28 oz. 30 oz??
What is the degree rating?
If ordered 5 yards will it come as a whole sheet or in multiple pieces?
What colors does it come in?
Is the price per yard?
what is the size?
What are the dimensions of the piece?
Additional Yardage: I was wondering if there was more than one yard available of this fabric, say 3?
I am confused on how large the piece of fabric is going to be....54" wide and how long?
How does it move? I'd use it for curtains, so I need something that's not too stiff or heavy to pull back and let in light. Thanks.
Does this fabric shrink?
How big is it if I want to make cushion cover for 18*18
Am i correct in understanding that the fabric is cut in yards and is 54" wide? therefore it's one yard tall by 54" wide correct?
Can I order 1.5 yards?
I am also curious. If I need a couple of pieces three yards long each, can I get them? Or only one-yard pieces?
Is this flannel fabric
What is the size of the fabric?
Within the 44", how many lines of titles are on the fabric? I wish to know because I need a relatively small scale fabric for my project.
Can this be used for ceramic tiles? and if yes, how many square feet does this can cover?
Would it be effective on the outdoor ramp? Thanks.
Does anyone know if this product is appropriate on acrylic shower bases?
How long have you personally had it last before signs of wear or pealing?
Does anyone know, if I order from "buy 4 less UK" with free shipping are there any import fees?
How long is the length of the handle?
How long does it take to ship to California?
the handle broke on mine does anybody know where I can get a new handle
does this heat press swivel over to the side or is it a normal open up heat press?
does it do more than one color at a time does it do screne print
i bout this and it came with a 4 way connection plug, is it 110 or 220 current? do i just buy an adaptor for it....its for home use
well, can you tell me what is the approximate size of the product?? I need to know for shipping
what is the size of the product&acute;s box?
what is the highest temperature the machine will go to?
Have you heat pressed any mugs yet? If so, how did they turn out? What type of heat press are you doing, vinyl or ink? Thank you.
this machine comes with instructions manual or DVD? While the machine heats the temperature?
This machine has been purchased by other customers? this machine is quality and comes with all these resistors? brings 2 plates? 1 caps? 1 cups? than
Amazon has 7 of these all with the same title, same company but different colors and different prices. Is the only difference the machine color?
Can I do vinyl transfers with this machine as well?
This question is not a joke: Without using the heat, would this press pie dough to 1/8 " thick? Thanks
Can I use this for vinyl on t shirts? Will it work with the vinyl?
How do make the clam lock while applying the transfer? I have to hold the handle for it to stay closed during application.
Should the time/heat be easy to change? I keep trying to change it using the up button and get no changes.
Can this be used to cure ink on screen or block printed cotton t shirts?
good afternoon this machine serves to place stones in bags
It says the machine cant' be baked empty. I understand what they mean, I think. So when you wait for the right temperature, you leave it open, right?
Can this machine work in Chile (220V)? Thanks!
Can this vinyl be printable with solvent ink ??
Can this be cut with a silhouette cameo machine and used for crafting?
can you print on it with ink jet?
when you unravel the roll, is the vinyl backed by something you peel off? or is it peeling directly off the roll?
Is the material surface translucent or opaque? Do you send samples out?
How many blades in the box?
How do you install new blades? I replaced my blades. Now it does not work! I am mechanically stupid, please give simple clear directions.
Can someone please provide the length and width of these blades, in millimeters if possible. Thank you...
do these blades fit the faber castell trio pencil sharpemer?
What size square will this make?
what are the measurements of the triangle piece? the length and the widest and narrowest points?
What size is the finished plate?
Do I understand correctly that this is 6 packs, each with of 5 sheets (2/sided) for a total of 30 individual sheets?
Are these refill pages for the very large long album that is about 111/2 by 171/2? That you used to be able to buy at Bartell Drugs
Are extra posts included?
What is the total sheets provide with this special?
Is this product the refill pages that have the heavy white, sticky surfaces over which a transparent plastic cover protects the photos?
Does it have a star shape disk for making cheese straws?
Can anyone give me an idea of the different diameters of just the circular dies and roughly how much clay you can fit in the barrel? Thank you
does package contain tear drop disc?
Is it possible to purchase new seals for this?
What is this made of? Is it steel?
Does this product have a warranty? The threads on the nut are already stripped on mine and I haven't had it a year yet.
Will the Makin's extruder discs fit in this extruder? I have this one, plus the adapter set, but makin has 2 more sets of discs that I'd like to get.
Is this safe to use with fondant/gum paste?
What do you need to print the designs? Do you have to have press on designs manufactured? Is there a special printer/plotter for this?
Where is the reset button?
has anyone had trouble with it not heating up?
Can the company make this press to use 220 volts electricity instead of 110 volts
If something gets damaged what do I do ?
can i use this machine for a supplier rhinestone transfer
Can you use any type of transfer paper out there?
does it work well
Is there a warranty? If so how long? What is the return policy?
what are the dimensions of this item?
Is this waterproof and fade resistant?
Is there a book, class or video that shows how to use this product?
can i buy singe dual brush pens in desired colors?
Can it cut thru poster board paper?
what materials can I cut with this?
Does this specific item come with the cutting mat?
Can you cut circuit board with this,ie, a thin soft copper sheet glued to a piece of thin board.?.
i need to cut three hundred (300) 3mm laminated cardstock circles. will this hold up? and is 4" really the smallest it cuts?
Does it cut fabric?
will it cut tissue paper easily?
Can this cut through foam?
Can this be used to cut fondant
will this cut 1/8" thick black foam mouse pad material?
how long is each spool?
Is this good for earring hoops?
Hello. I want to make colored Christmas ornament hangers. Would this be the right gauge to use?
Will this be suitable for making lightweight wire rings?
Is this lead and nickel free please?
what is the length per spool?
Are these brushes long or short?
Hello. These brushes are definitely synthetic? I don't want any animals having to run around hairless for me to daub out my sorry efforts . . .
where were thees made? were they made in USA or in China?
Has anyone used oil paints with these brushes?
does this set contain a rake brush?
how meany of the Lockables plastic organizers do you get with it?
Can you fit a bead board in the back pocket?
Would this work well for sorting and storing legos?
Could you tell me how big the little compartments are? Sounds like they are a little over an inch wide.
Has anyone compared this with similar bags by Darice and Artworks? Any preferences? Big thanks
I was looking at this for scrapping - can you buy or subsittue other lockable storage that has bigger or different shaped storage?
Do the containers have founded bottoms?
Can yoeu organize paint tubes inside?
Did you all receive the dowels in these sets?
What is the height of each compartment?
Is this tall enough to hold my 7" diameter spools of ribbon?
Can you confirm, all these brushes have the SAME black handle?
how many different sizes are there?
Can I fire the ceramic piece with this glaze in my home oven?
Is this okay to use on air dry clay?
Has anyone used this on cone 6 clay?
If I use this glaze on a mug that is already finished (to secure some paint that I am adding to the mug) should I still bake the mug to set the paint?
The product details vs product description have conflicting information. Is it firing safe to cone 05-06 or 5-6?
What is the come firing range? if the clay was fired to an 07, then can I fire this to an 04, o5, o6 and it still come out shiny?
wikk this be safe to apply on air-dry clay?
Is it lead-free?
Is this a cone 5-6 glaze -- I use a shared kiln and it has to be 5-6 cone
what size is this needle?
A couple of reviews refer to these needles as plastic, but they look metal in the photograph. Which are they?
Would these work to sew pieces of felt squares together?
Can these fit through button holes?
How long is the needle?
If I order 4 packages of needles can i get a discount on shipping?
Can anyone tell me how long these took to ship. I need them in about 2 weeks .
I have an umbrella made of paper and oiled to water proof. It is old and startig to crack and I would like to save it from disintergrating
Will this work as a base coat for hand coloring photographs?
This says it works for markers. Has anyone tried it, &amp; do you spray on top of finished drawings?
Would this easel hold a textbook that weighs 3 to 4 lbs and is 14" x 9" when open? Is it sufficiently sturdy?
Will I be able to fit 24X32 canvas on here? Thank you
how tall is the easel and how far is it from bottom bar to top of easel?
What is the size?
. Is this vinyl waterproof?
Does this work with laser printers?
Can you use this paper with an inkjet printer?
When reading the reviews, some state that it has held up well outside, others that it is paper and can not get wet. Can anyone clarify this?
Is this glossy or a matte finish on the front? I would like a shiny sticker.
I want to use on my real estate for sale signs. I have a HP offjet 4500. Will this hold up in the rain or hot sun and will it look good when printing
Can you use this vinyl to put decals on drinking glasses that will be washed?
How thick is this vinyl? Is it thicker than typical vinyls?
Is the background white or clear? I'm looking for a clear background vinyl. Thank you.
What are the shipping dimensions of the product? We would have to take it with us in suitcases...
how many cards does this hold
Can I disassemble that? I need put it in a suitcase.
Does the ribbon extend around the box, or has anyone done that and does it look pretty? We are a bit concerned someone might take some cards out if it was too easy (I know, it stinks, but it's reality unfortunately).
What is the best paint spray if I would like to add on the colours myself?
How wide is each of the octagonal sides?
What are the dimensions of the box
Hello, 1) What are the exact dimensions of this box after it's assembled? 2) how wide is the opening where people put the envelopes in?
Does it come with the white bow in the picture?
is the underside of this the inside or is it split? i need the freyed inside. to make a strop
I want to make a crossover pouch for my IPhone 6plus. Is medium weight heavy enough? But not so heavy I need special tools?
Is this item very flexible? For example, would it be suitable for using as a sleeve for a stainless steel flask?
can i hand sew with this? i am designing dog leashes and want them on the handles
What's the thickness ?
Can I use in on the bottom of wool socks as mini-soles? I imagine using it to reinforce heel and ball. Good idea?
Flexable enough to be used as a tobacco pouch?
is it rough with a natural feel?
will this work for the NV950D?
will this work with the Babylock Spirit?
Will it work with the SE400?
Will the 4" X 4" Snap Hoop work on my Babylock BMP6 ?
Does its made from stone ,how many beads do i get in 1 order .
what is the inner hole size?
how big is the hole thru the bead?
what is the size diameter of the hole in the bead?
Is this product good to cut and seal ribbon as well?
What is the duty cycle of this tool? The one that Sailrite sells is only good for 15 seconds with 45 seconds cooldown between uses.
what is the thickness that this machine can cut? I would like to use it to cut at least 5 layers of sunbrella fabric for a large job.
can it be used to cut and seal nylon / polypropylene webbing?
Can I use this to cut and sealer grosgrain ribbon?
Is this product good for cutting and sealing synthetic chiffon fabric?
How does it work on cotton/poly blended upholstery fabrics?
Hi! Is this dual voltage? 220 - 110 ?
Do you have the Blade?
Is this good to use for fabrics that ravel. I'm making seat cushions.
age recommendation
is there a age limit
Why are you selling it for twice what Ikea has it for?
Can you assemble this table without the top? I saw a post about making a sensory table (one that you could insert a large bin on the inside).
This same table $19.99 on Ikea website....?
Is this unfinished wood? Does it need to be sealed? I'm sure the wood will get wet with water and paint and food and whatnot. Thanks!
Why is it $40? It's on Ikea for $20.
how long did it take to set up?
Can these table and chairs be painted? I want to paint the top of the table with chalkboard paint and the rest of the set bright colors.
Are the edges sharp or rounded?
Are these patches soft, or more like a sturdy denim?
I threw away the instructions before using them! Can someone send me the suggested temp? (I know no steam &amp; 20 secs)
What colors actually come in the kit?
how many feet on the $24 pricey roll of scor-pal tape?
What is the width of the tape?
is the tape clear or white?
Is it acid free?
Does anyone know about how many yards this roll has on it?
Is this double-sided sticky tape? Is this product equivalent (or better than) Sookwang tape?
does it bring the pads that you have to use?
I heard that there is a new grand caliber coming soon / is this it?
This machine is the new one that measure 8-1/2 x 12?
My embossing mat is stuck in my machine how do I get it out?
I have been told that only folders you can use with this machine are Spellbinders. But the descript here says it is able to use Sizzix, etc.
My calibur left a die cut mark in my sandwich boards. Is that normal? Or am I doing it wrong?
What's the difference between this machine &amp; the Teal one besides the price? Is one the newer one?
Where can I buy just the A-Base plate...mine is getting very warped. I did try putting it in the oven like someone said but I was afraid to do that...
does it cut chipboard ???
What's the differences in the two grand calibur machines?
Do the bamboo cords connect to the long lace interchangeable and vice versa? I would like to purchase a few bamboo needles!
Length of needles
How long are the needles
I would like to purchase this set, however, I see 4 different prices for this item. Is there a difference between them, if so, what?
Are the tips as sharp as the lace tips?
Can this be glued to plywood , I am thinking about replacing RV ceiling
How about the quality and durability of this vinyl for boat seat? is smooth? or is rough? thank you very much
How waterproof is it? Would any water be able to seep through?
how is this measured? 55 inches wide by 36 inches long is 1 unit of issue?
If I need 25 to 30 yards of the vinyl snow brite will it be shipped in one complete roll ?And is it 54 inches wide? I am recovering cafe style chair
What is the weight of the fabric? 32 ounce upholstery weight vinyl fabric?
would it be good to cover a card table with
If I order a larger quantity of White Vinyl fabric, will it all be in one piece?
What are the size dimensions of the Marine Vinyl Snow Brite White Fabric sent per order?
If I buy 2, would it be 72" with no breaks? One piece at 72"
how wide is the material?
Is it a yard for $7.98?
how big are the helmets and stars?
how big is it
I ordered 2 yards of this. I hope it comes in 1 piece. Does it indeed come in one piece?
how long is it? I mean, it is 62 by how much?
can I order in continuous yardage? I need 9 yards in one piece.
There is not a "yard" option when ordering, I need 4 yards in one piece, if I click Qty 4 will I get four yards in one piece?
how thick is this product?
Ripstop nylon was suggested to me for making a kite. Would this bee good kite material?
I don't see a yard option for ordering but I would like 4 yards one continuous piece. How do I know I am getting this and not 4 separate pieces?
Is this material suitable for clothing, as for swim shorts, etc.?
Hi this Rip-stop Nylon is Uncoated ??? Also I need to know the dimension wide and large that I can buy for $5.99, Regards
Would it be good and strong enough to make a Stay Puff costume?
I'm looking for a decent type material that can be used possibly for the top of a greenhouse and as shade clothe
Is this fabric pre-cut into 1 yard lengths?
What is the strength of this fabric for making drawstring bags to carry boxes?
I want to purchase but am very confused as to what the price is actually giving me? Is it a yard of material or just a precut square?
If we want to order 2100 sq feet of this fabric. is that possible? How will it be cut? or in one full piece?
is the color truly black or is it more of a dark grey color
Is this ripston nylon waterproof?
How wide is the fabric?
Would 12 yards of this fabric come in one long continuous piece?
Is this fabric water repellant or water proof ?
Could you please tell me the 2 dimensional dimensions of the Nylon Rip Stop Camo Fabric with a with of 62"?
what is the width
Is this sold in continuous yards?
what is the weight of the rip stop nylon camo by the yard? 1.1 oz? 1.9 oz?
Can you tell me what the weight on this ripstop is? For example 1.9oz or 70D?
do they have a hole to be able to hang them?
can these be baked in an oven with a polymer clay charm ?
How big are these gems? What is the diameter across the top? Thank you!
are the jems glass
If you put it in water, does it sink to the bottom? I want to use it in floral arrangements
I am confused so do these come with something to hang the crystals from? someone mentioned clear beading type wire that comes with them??
Do these acrylic drops reflect light to show "rainbows" on the wall?
What is the size of these chandelier crystals. I need to hang them on parasols. Thank you. Grace C.
what size is the hole size? I am looking for items that have atleast a 3mm hole
Can you use this heat press with tiles, etc
does it have an auto open function?
This machine has been purchased by other customers? this machine is quality and comes with all these resistors? brings 2 plates? 1 caps? 1 cups?
Does this machine work with heat transfer vinyl?
Hello, is it made in America ? Thanks
Page 2 of the instructions say to press the "SET" key but the machine has no set key. Where is it found?
Is there a more comprehensive manual? the one that came with the unit is virtually useless. thinking about returning the product
how much does it weigh and how will it be sent?
Where is it shipping from &amp; what is the warranty? Also, the Mug press image does not show up on the page.
does hold 81/2 x 11 cardstock.
Does your paper fall and curl if the holder is not full
Does this hold 12x12 paper?
on the long side, is it decorated or clear like on the shorter side?
is the waist length adjustable. my daughter is long waisted.
will it adjust to make pants?
Is it durable? Does it break easily when the size is adjusted?
what is the neck to waist measurement?
What is the back waist length for petite size? It's a very important measurement. I didn't find it in the product description.
are there adjustment instructions
is it pinnable?
is it 6X6 or 12X12?
Are sheets double side
Are sheets double side
How many sheets per package?
What is the durometer rating on this? 20A shore hardness? 30A shore hardness?
how many cubic inches does this product make. I have a castle that I would make a mold for and the castle is about 6" wide on the sides about 10" front and back and 12"tall
hello. I want to know after I mix both parties long can I use the silicon mold? I mean the useful life of the mold thanks
What is the difference in the ingredients between food grade and non-food grade?
What color silicone does this produce? if it is clear or white, is there a way to make it a color safe to use in soap making molds?
There are 2 containers. Does each container hold 1 gallon or is the combination of the 2 containers equal to 1 gallon?
Is this silicone food grade and good for making silicone molds for cold process soap making, soap made with lye?
how many times I can use the silicon mold l and how long I can keep it saved, I saw a comment that lasts 6 months the mold is true? and once opened the package I have to use it all or I can keep it stored a time without liquid damage? thanks
What is the viscosity of the mixed product?
you sell one gallon of Part A and Part B. gallon or between part AYB make a gallon .. and how much is the total between the two parties
Sizing
Is the leather in these gloves synthetic or animal hide?
What is the recommended way you define the size of the gloves? thanks
Sizing
Is the leather in these gloves synthetic or animal hide?
What is the recommended way you define the size of the gloves? thanks
Sizing
Is the leather in these gloves synthetic or animal hide?
What is the recommended way you define the size of the gloves? thanks
Sizing
Is the leather in these gloves synthetic or animal hide?
What is the recommended way you define the size of the gloves? thanks
Sizing
Is the leather in these gloves synthetic or animal hide?
What is the recommended way you define the size of the gloves? thanks
Sizing
Is the leather in these gloves synthetic or animal hide?
What is the recommended way you define the size of the gloves? thanks
Sizing
Is the leather in these gloves synthetic or animal hide?
What is the recommended way you define the size of the gloves? thanks
Sizing
Is the leather in these gloves synthetic or animal hide?
What is the recommended way you define the size of the gloves? thanks
Sizing
Is the leather in these gloves synthetic or animal hide?
What is the recommended way you define the size of the gloves? thanks
Sizing
Is the leather in these gloves synthetic or animal hide?
What is the recommended way you define the size of the gloves? thanks
what is cuttlebug? what does it do?
is the Cuttlebug suitible for the beginner
what materials can be cut with the V2? Can it emboss recycled aluminum cans, felt, compress foam, velvet, thin cardboard? I appreciate your help!
What is the maximum width the Cuttlebug V2 can accept?
What is the difference between the cutting pads A, B, and C?
I am new to this. What is the difference between the "plain" and the "pattern" Green V2 cuttlebug?
What is the shipping rate from US to Malaysia for Cuttlebug Cricut Embossing Folder Bundle (basic)? Can it operate other brand's dies?
Can you fold a piece of 8.5" x 11" cardstock in half and pass it through. I print out my own greeting cards and wish to emboss the front.
What is the difference between the Cuddlebug V2 at $50. price and the Cuddlebug that is $99. ?
Can the Cuttlebug cut threw felt?
What are the dimensions?
what is the size
Is this the correct dimensions? (10''W X 7.5''D X 5.2''H
What is the height of each drawer from the inside floor of the drawer to the top?
measurement of drawer depth
WHAT SIZE IS IT????
If you are painting fairly small / medium sized designs on kindergartner's faces, how many faces can you paint with the kit?
Can the paint be used on the lips?
my daughter wants to paint her arms,not her face, and because of clothes getting in the way, i wondered how long to these paints take to dry?
Does this set come with gold and silver metallic?
Does this come with a step by step instruction on painting different designs?
Does this paint crack when dry?
Will this paint dry out quickly? If I go long periods without using it will completely dry up and become useless?
How many paints are really in this? Description is conflicting. It states 24 colors in the header but is more expensive then ordering that kit from the company itself. Then in the description it lists 24 paints plus 8 flourescents and 8 pearlescents...
Has anyone used this for metal embossing? I purchased the Ten Second Studio set and it was horrendous (too short to fit in the hand)?
How long are each stylus and do they have soft grips?
i want to buy 7 of this, could u combine the shipping fee?
Hi. I need two of these tool kits &amp; want to order both at same time. When will you have more?
Do you find the lower adjustment having only one knob to be sturdy enough to bear the weight of a large canvas?
I work on very large canvases. and I would want it to tilt to flat? What is the largest size canvas it will hold and how much does it tilt?
What kind of screws are used and will I have to tighten them? Do you use cabinet maker screws?
What are the dimensions of the tray area? I'd like to see if my Sta-Wet Premier Palette will fit on the tray.
Does this come with the inset steel cup? One photo shows it with, one without.
I like to paint on 36" x 48" canvas. Will this easel adjust for a canvas 36 inches tall?
is this a good easel for a 5'10" tall person to work comfortable standing up?
Can the easel be horizontal &amp; vertical?
How is it for working at sitting?
Would this easel be suitable for my 8 year old grandson
Will this easel be suitable for use as a white board stand?
Will this safely hold a Mounted Art Piece 30"H x 20"L x 2.5"W? I want to use the easel to display, not to paint.
Can I also use this easel to hold a 24x36 white board? Will it not collapse while I try to write on it?
How high is the horizontal piece that supports the canvas. Mine at its highest is 41" too low for me to stand straight and see work at eye level.
How tall is the Easle? I have one now where I must stoop to see the painting eye level.
what is the length of these necklaces?
How many is there in a package?
How many come in each order? How many are in the picture?
You need to put qty info in the header or description???
Quantity?? How many necklaces do you get??
How many cords are we getting in a set ?
Is it only one sheet?
Can you print on it with an inkjet printer?
Can I use this on a 36 x20 bathroom window. I plan on drawing black diamond shapes on it to make it " olde world" is this possible?
Will it stick to clean granite?
Will this stick to the painted control panel on a microwave ?
Can this sheet be cut into smaller pieces easily and/or without destroying the integrity of the product?
what does it cut?
my Vagabond got stuck even though the sandwich fit in the keys provided. Can it be repaired?
how big is the cutting area
Can I use big shot pro dies in this machine? The tri-shutter die in particular
If you have a silhouette cameo and and cricut expressions do I still need the vagabond? I want to emboss. what all should I buy to go with the vagabon
how do I turn on the vagabond die cutting machine
The Amazon Product says "Machine Only" Does that not include1 Vagabond Machine 1 Solo Platform &amp; Shim 1 Pair of Cutting Pads and 1 Sheet of Stickers?
Are there any of the die cut machines that will cut metal for jewelry blanks?
Does this machine have a reverse?
will it emboss on soft metals?
What are the dimensions of the sketch pad?
charcoal pencils?
cancel order?
How tall is it
What brand is it?
Is this dressform made of firm foam (like a foam christmas ornament ball) so that you can you stick pins directly STRAIGHT into it? (To hold weight)
What are the bust, waist, and hip measurements?
Is this dress form fully pinnable?
What is written on the front of the dress form? I can't make it out.
do the wheels come off?
Why does it say "Half Body"? What does that mean? It looks to be a full body form...not a half size form.
What are the dimensions of this item?
what's the measurement: Bust, waist, hips, shoulder width, neck width and does include arm?
Do you ship in Greece?
Are the arm holes able to add arm pieces? And is it still available?
Does anyone know what the actual tag size is after it has been cut.....not the die size
Do you have to have the movers and shapers base for this? I just want to make sure I'm buying the right die....
I have a Cuttlebug with plates that are 6" Wide &amp; 13" Long. Will these dies work with my Cuttlebug &amp; these plates?
Can these dies be used with the Cuttlebug machine?
What is the best weight chipboard when using these dies. medium weight or the thick weight?
What is the difference (s) between the Slice and Slice Elite?
Do you feel that the slice is the right tool to mass produce (50 to 100) alike greeting cards? I was also wondering how many images are on a card.
Why does My brand new slice machine cuts a diagonal line right through the image
I have a slice elite that i purchased two years ago, but it has only been used maybe 5 times and is not working at all. What can i do?
I have 2 slice machines and haven't had time to use them for about a year. I just tried then both and they turn on but won't cut. what should I do?
What color is the jersey covered form? Ivory color closer to yellow or white? I look for ivory closer to white. Becasue it looks better on picture...
Does this come in larger sizes?
Are there two holes in the bottom so that the pole can be moved to the side in order to be used to display pants?
What are the dimensions of the base?
Is this stable enough for a wedding dress display?
What is the actual Measurements?
Height: How many inches tall is the mannequin?
what the difference between this series and the professional dress form??
Measurements: Hello, What are the messurements for the size four and the size six dress forms?
Is it available send them to Shanghai, China? How much so i pay for the shipping
Does this have a back view? I am looking for a form with a curved under butt shape for evening. Not the flat back
What is the brand of this form?
Is there a raised side seam on this dress form?
Is the padding underneath cardboard?
Is this available with a bronze bottom instead of black?
do you have more detailed photos of it?
Does anyone know what the maximum height the dressform can extend to? I make long dresses and would hate for the dressform to be too short! thanks!
Size: Hi there - Could someone be so kind as to tell me the measurements of bust/waist/hips of this ST-Size 6 dress form?
Is it adjustable on the stand so that it can be used for pants as well?
Where might I find Child professional dress forms in sizes 6, 8 and 10
Is this dressform made of firm foam (like a foam christmas ornament ball) so that you can you stick pins directly STRAIGHT into it? (To hold weight)
Can you ship this item to Alaska?
Can someone tell me how is this supposed to be asembled? because the instructions included are so hard to read, they are all blurry... I can't adjust
Can someone provide pictures of the back side of the dress form please?
Can someone advise on how this item is shipped - dimensions of box / weight? Thanks
what does collapsible shoulders mean
do you have size 16 in this product?
What are the measurements for hip, bust and waist on this dressform?
I have really narrow shoulders, like 4.5. If I got a size that is smaller than my measurements (I'd pad it out), and matches better my lenghths, would collapsing the shoulder help with them being way too long? Or does the shoulder length matter that much?
What is the front waist length and back waist length for Sz 8 dress form?
I want a dress form only for coordinating pieces to make outfits. Is it easy to slip a pair of pants on this form?
how is this one different from the one that is $136 with a free arm and $49 for shipping?
I am a size 8ish now older some size 10. I look at the measurements and by those number I anm a 14 Ugh. I am confused. do I get a size 8 to fit my shoulder and pad the rest?
Is the center pole supposed to go INTO the opening in the stand? I just got my form today and it does not, so it doesn't reach the pedal
This item available now?
Is them fabric covering the body 100% linen? The description for the size 8 body just says white fabric cover.
Hello, sir/madam! I want to place an order for this item. Could you tell me dimensions of the delivered box ( i want to sent it in Russia by plane)
do you always use white bobbin thread or do you change bobbin thread to match top thread
The color numbers are on top of the spool and have to be removed when installed on the machine. How are others keeping track of the color numbers for thread color conversion purposes ? Other than that I love the thread.
What do you mean by Thread Locking Spool???
Will these work for a Brother SE400?
How many yards are on each spool? It's covered up by a picture on my computer...
What is the weight of the thread?
will these threads work on a singer Futura XL-400?
does it come with the rack?
Would this set be suitable for a Brother CS600i machine?
what is the best thread to use wPe770
Will this fit the PE400?
Does this hoop allow you to embroider anywhere on the cap? Front, back &amp; sides?
will this fit the se 500?
do i need another attachment to make this work?
Is there A Cap Hoop For the Brother SE 425 Embroiery Machine
does this fit brother se425
will it fit the SE400
how do i attach the Cap/hat hoop for brother se 270d to my brother 425 se
does this fit brother se 350?
will this hoop work with the SE400
what size sheets and how many for this product?
Do I need to use the fabric blade to cut this material?
Can you cut out a design with scissors or do you need a special machine?
Do you use a laser or inkjet printer?
Can you iron on to fabric using a standard home iron or do you need to use a commercial heat press?
Can I print it on my home use Inkjet printer?
what is the airbrush size and what exactly the package includes?
What D.C. voltage output does this compresser's adaptor provide?
Can this air brush and compressor be used with hobby paints that are used to paint models?
is it rechargeable?
Dosnt really say what kind of paint. I want to paint on leather and wood .will that work?
does the package contains an air filter
Can I use buy more spray guns for this unit so to that one exclusively for nail polish, one for cake decorating and one for craft?
does the cup have a lid on it?
Will this work on a Bernina Decco 600
Is the card Version I or Version II?
Is this the Ultimate 1 or 2? I need the second one that works with Windows 7 and 8.
Does this also come with the cord that connects the box to the computer?
Will the software work on a Mac?
will this work for the bernina 340?
I need version I to fit my Baby Lock Ellure. Will this have a card that fits?
looking for a box &amp; carx compatiable with esante2 babylock machine.
can i use this with huskvana iris machine
Does this box work with the Janome 300e Embroidery Machine?
Is this dress form sturdy? I am looking for a dress form to display clothing for selling online--would it work well for this purpose?
Is the fabric covering the form removable?
Hi, what age does this child mannequin correspond to?
What actual US dress size does this fit? All the charts i'm seeing have these measurements at about a size 10? I'm looking for about a size 6.
is 32" the waist size or the hip?
is this full form or hollow back?
what is the weight?
How much space do the legs take up?
can the angle of the easel be adjusted from straight up and down to a 45 or 90 degree angle? also can you size it down to hold smaller canvas?
Is the metal drawer liner removable?
What is the width of the drawer? Description says 12 inches but the one I received is much narrower. What is width and depth of drawer?
Does this easel come with a wooden palette as well?
What are those two metal accessories for?
Is the red ink paste water based? Thank You. dave
I can't seem to get a good impression, it feels like the ink is dried out. How can I fix?
Will the accompanied stone always be the same in style and substance? I mean, it seems to be custom made and unique.
Does the seal come with a container/case?
how do you carve the bottom of the chop?
do you offer carving of this item?
does 300 lb hot press need to be stretched?
Does 4 pack mean that there are only 4 pieces of paper? Are they bound together?
I do extremely detailed paintings and have always used hot pressed paper. Do you think this paper would be good for very detailed art work?
Does it come with the deckled edge as shown in the photo or is it staright cut edges? Thanks
What dimension is this unit (height, depth, etc. )
Is there an estimate on the weight this rack can handle?
The picture shows two racks, is this price for two items or one?
What's the difference between this one and this Speedy Stitcher for almost half the price? http://www.amazon.com/gp/product//B00...
What size are the include needles (number #4, #8, etc or actual diameter)?
When trying to follow the directions, I can take one stitch, the next one the awl starts dragging the whole thread along with it. Help!
I am looking to sew patches on a leather jacket, Will this work with out destroying the coat?
What is the curved needle used for?
I want to hem my husband's lined jeans - what is the best needle to use and which tread would you recommend I buy for this awl to accomplish this?
What color is the thread that comes with this kit?
New to sewing. Do the bobbins come threaded or do I have to wind thread on bobbin once the thread is consumed? If so, how is it done? By hand?
Anyone know how to keep the metal holder in the bottom from falling out all the time, allowing the bobbin to drop out? I'm taping it down, but seems tacky.
Can regular sewing machine needles be used with this awl or does it take special needles?
Are the ears pierced?
What kind of plastic? Hard and brittle or soft like the beauty schools type?
The two bald pictures show different skin tones. I want the last color, the light one. So which is the real color?
Is this head hollow?
What is the length from the bottom of the neck (collar bone area) to the bottom of the bust in front? Will an 18"-20" necklace hang off the edge?
I am a makeup artist and I noticed the two bald pictures have close but different shaped eyebrows and eyes. Which one is correct?
Will Roxy Display combine shipping if I purchase more than one (2 different) mannequin?
Does the underneath side of the base have a bolt hole for a tripod bolt?
is the hair included
what material is it made of?
What needle do I need (for hand sewing)?
Would this thread be appropriate for sewing the seams on a Bimini top for a sailboat?
Can I use this with a sewing awl? I need to repair outdoor folding chairs with heavy nylon seats, a machine wont work.
Has anyone used this thread with leather working? I use a leather punch, so I need something with a little bit of thickness to it.
Is it from CP-nine or just Generic?
My machine requires a left twist or Z twist. Don't know much about thread but does that twist designation only apply to cotton?
is this thread pure white?
would this be appropriate to use for upholstery tufting?
are these spools 4" tall
is this recommended for beginner quilting
Are the pieces pre-cut?
is this kit recommended for new quilting learner
Can anyone tell me how this compares to Coats and Clark nylon upholstery thread in terms of thickness and strength? Thanks
Can you confirm color on this, blue or black? Photo and initial description indicate black, 2nd product description says blue.
What would be the correct needle size for this thread?
Will it feed easily through a home sewing machine?
is this comparable to nymo thread size d
Can someone explain to me in detail how do you expand to this scrapbook?
what's the material of the cover? fabric? paper?
How do you add pages?
does it have metal rings, if so can,t use them.
does it have clear inserts as its pages
How is the quality of the album/binder? Someone mentioned it was paper. Is it clear-coated for protection?
Do this album have all blank pages and of which color are they? And how many pages are there?
What is the maximum clear sheets this scrapbook can hold?
How many pages can this scrapbook hold (meaning the clear plastic pages)?
Plain old fashioned scrapbook: Any suggestions?
does any co2 tank fit on it?
Is it a pump or a semi auto
since this is plastic, will it break easy or effect anything? answer back please, thanks!
Can you install a double trigger
Does it come with a barrel cover
Can you change the barrel on it?
Do i need to purchase anything else with the gun to be able to use it? (besides paint balls) What is that thing on top of the gun in the video?
co2 cartridges?
Does this come with a hopper and/or CO2 tank?
the tube for co2 into gun on other guns as like spyders they go acrosst the bottem is this one inside right to the mecanism inside?
if you are making these to sell at a craft fair what type of glue/adhesieve do you use with this product that would allow the customer to seal it?
Dimensions of envelope with ornate flap?
does it work with grand calibur
Would prefer to see a photo of the die than just the finished envelope.
Do these fit with the regular Boye crochet hooks or is there a set that you have to buy that fits with this?
How does this actually fit on the crochet hook? Does it cover the bottom (end) of the hook?
What size hooks does this fit?
Will this help for hitchhiker's thumb (double jointed thumb)? I'm having a lot of trouble with my thumb joint because it's double jointed.
Does this work for very small hook sizes like 10-5?
Does this fit any kind of hook?
I don't hold my hook like a pencil, but grip it "overhand", which I hear is common with knitters. Will this work with my style of using my hook?
Will this work with other brands of hooks, or just Boye hooks
I do not understand why yours is 24.60 and from my local Hobby Lobby it is just 6.99? is there a fundamental difference?
Is anyone having trouble with they spin/turn mat, mine slips out of the hole that it is suppose to spin in.
My mom has this but it doesnt work right,,she thinks its missing a piece. But she has memory problems. Can someone tell me how many pieces there is?
All the reviews mention using this rotating mat for quilting. Could it be used for paper projects also?
My fabric seem to slide it moves when trying to cut no one else has mentioned this in their reviews. Is there something I am doing wrong?
Would this cutting mat be easy for a beginner quilter to understand?
When packed, is it packed flat, as these boards can warp if not flat, or in heat.
put this item into my cart
Why does it say it is 14 by 14 when the picture shows 12 x 12?
Hello, it's impossible to find in France dyeing for acrylic cloths. Is this one suitable with this kind of tissue ? Thanks for your answer. Regards..
I have a dress with an embroidered design. Will it affect the color of the embroidery?
We just bought a old rocking chair that is the old ugly yellowish fabric will this dye work and how would i do it??
I have an older white formal gown that is yellowing and would like it a pale blue like Cinderella, would this dye work? I think it is synthetic mix...
how much area will it cover
I want to dye a cream colored cashmere stocking hat. Any tips are appreciated. Thanks!
Does it work on grosgrain ribbons? Thanks.
Amazon said this could be used on polyester but on the bottle it is not recommended, has anyone used this on polyester fabric?
after dying clothing, does the color fade after multiple washings?
Does this work on the Ellisimo Gold II machine?
I want to verify that these hoops fit the Ellisimo gold machine? If so, they seem very cheap compared to what my local dealer sells them for.
do you just have the grid for the 5x7 hoop
Does this machine have a compatible extension table on the market?
Is this a good machine for a beginning sewer?
What feet come with this machine?
Does this machine have an automatic built-in push button thread cutter?
does it have have automatic tension set on it?
can this be used in the cuttlebug
Is it magnetic? What's the difference between the Base Tray &amp; Magnetic Platform?
what size cutting pads? Do I still need the magnetic platform too?
Is the movers and shapers base tray needed if you already have the the dies kit #1 card horizontal A2
Does this work with the "pop n cuts" dies?
Will this work for Pop 'n Cuts inserts? 5" x 4".
What are the pads that I need to purchase to go with Sizzix Movers and shapers Base Tray?
wwill this thread the neele IN a sewing machine. If yes, what size neddles does it work with?
Does it work for any length needle? Sometimes I use a long needle needle for hemming.
Will this thread a size 10 or 12 beading needle?
Does it work with any brand of needle?
Can it be used to thread a sewing machine needle?
Will this work w Tulip applique needles, size 10? They're a shorter size needle. Thank you ~
Will the needle threader be successful with Perle 8 cotton for quilting with a size 7 needle?
Will this work on sewing needles (pardon my naivet&eacute;)?
Can this die be used on the Accuquilt Go?
Can this die be used on a Sizzix Fabi with a 6 5/8" wide plate?
Does this die have the 45degree marks on it
Can this die use a 10x24" mat or does it have to use the 6x24" mat?
Can I use this with the Sizzix Big Shot?
Does anything come with the machine (Go! Baby) itself? Or is it necessary to add any/all attachments needed to begin cutting?
Also want to know if I can cut 2 1/2 inch strips?
Can the AccuQuilt GO! Baby Fabric Cutter be used with stretch fabrics? I am specifically thinking of a light to medium weight jersey material.
Can the AccuQuilt be used to cut felted wool?
can you use the 2 1/2 inch strip die with the accu quilt go baby?
I'm only interested in the Tumbler Die, can the Accuquilt Go Baby cutter utilize the Tumbler Die?
Would like to know if the AccuQuilt Go! Baby can cut satin and costume satin material or felt fabrics?
I want to know what size mat and what dies are compatible with this article?
what size are the 3 boxes in the small value die?
In the small value die set, does the 2 1/2" host finish at 2"?
is there a 1 7/8 square?
do you have a 8" sq die
what size mat I need to order with it?
what size mat do I need for this die?
WHat are the sizes it contains for the 1/2 square triangle?
I need 2 3/4 inch squares. Is there a die that size?
Do these beads float on their own?
what gauge wire can I use with these beads?
Do these beads fit on a pipe cleaner?
Are there really 1000 in the package?
How easy is it to pose the arms on this mannequin?
how tall exactly is this mannequin? thanks!
Are the fingers separated so that rings may be placed on them?
Can u tell me the circumference of the head, above the ears and slightly above the brow?
I am considering buying this product. Which do you recommend the go baby or the larger accuquilt machine?
I make headbands so would only need to cut strips of about 6" and some circles of differing diameters to make fabric flowers. Will this work?
has anyone used this to do a rag quilt?
Does this contain everything needed to begin cutting shapes, or do you also need to purchase some dies separately?
Does it work with windows 7 or windows 8
What computer operating systems is this compatible with?
I have a Deco 650 and a MacBook Pro with Yosemite software. Will the Little Max be compatible and successfully expand the use of my Deco?
Will this work with Bernina Artista 165? Or Bernina Deco 330? Considering purchasing 2!
Will the programmable card and the card that comes with your product fit a Viking Rose 605 sewing machine. My reader writer will no longer write.
I have a Viking Rose sewing/embroidery I purchased new 2001. New computers don't recognize dongle. Will little Max work on older machine?
Will it convert designs to EMD format for my Elna Xquisit II?
Does this work with the Bernina Deco 340 and compatible with Windows 8, I have the Amazing box but cant get it to work
So, no additional software is needed, correct? Also, I save the designs on my computer and then as I need them, transfer them to the little max card?
I had The Mini Amazing Box II. Have a newer laptop now and cannot install the driver. Is the Little Max and upgrade to the Mini Amazing Box II?
Does anyone have any experience on how to adhere this moss to a wooden or canvas surface? Thanks!
Does supermoss need to be watered
Using this for May 9th Prom, is it okay to purchase now or closer to the actual date?
How long does the moss stay green indoors?
Will moss sheets come back green after winter?
Can you use this in a yard in a pretty good size space?
Is it more of a dark/hunter/jungle green or a light/spring green?
Is it all one sheet or multiple sheets? If so, how large are they? I plan on glueing it to a 6x8 ft piece of plywood to use as a wall.
can it be put ino an aquarium for a mossy "carpet" look? Or will that cause it to disintegrate and clog our filters?
will it come back to life, like most dried moss?
I have never used moss so wondering how long does this last?
Can I use it in an outside urn?
Is this moss living?
how much outside area~square feet or? would this cover?~I* thank you for your time &amp; God bless you!
One of the reviewers here says regarding this moss: "Or you can put it in a large glass dish spray water every day and watch it continue to grow." Is that true? Can this moss be revived when watered? After all, I don't wanna buy a bridge in Brooklyn,...
What is used to color this moss that particular shade of green?
Has anyone tried to add more pages to this album? I wanted to make sure it really is expandable before purchasing.
How many 4x6 photos fit in this album?
how many extra pages can be added
Are the pages completely blank? I'm looking to use this for my daughter's sports album so I need empty pages to put in newspaper clippings.
what size is the scrapbook?
How are scraps supposed to be fixed on each page, by glue or by pressure? thx
How much can this expand? Deciding between this one and Pioneer one
I have sports certificates, acknowledgements, etc. that are a standard 8 1/2 x 11. Would they slide easily in and look okay bc 12x12?
it says 20 pages...does that mean 10 pages, front &amp; back, or 20 pages, for an actual total of 40?
Would the pages of the scrapbook be suitable for pressed flowers to be perseved?
will it fix the leaks in my leaky fountain?
Is this the same as Smooth-cast 65D just with a different name?
To paint this, do I need a Primer? I tried Rustoleum Spray Paint and it bubbles up on my sanded items of this material,but the paint works epoxy resin
Can you mix colors with this, like oil paint or other paints?
Hi there, engrave cutting boards and am looking for something to fill the engravings to make the surface smooth. Would this work for this?
Is it strong enough to make RC car parts out of like axles and rims or a body? Or RC plane parts like wings and propellers?
would this be good to make a cast for mask making?
can this be put over a styrofoam head
is this just the plastic outside cast or does it also include the inside mold? Is the mold plastic or is it like a clay like sculpture?
I am looking to make masks from a silicone mold &amp; they will be 1/4"-1/2" thick x 8" wide x 8" tall. How many can I expect to yield from 1 kit?
Can I make a mold of a plastic frog, and use cement to make a copy?
Once a mold is made with this product, can you reproduce items using "resin"?
Could this product be used to make a molded button cover? Would it take wear of a finger pressing on it? Or is it too soft?
Can this mold be used with other types if resins?
Can you use this product to make a mold for candles?
Could this product be used to make a set of prosthetic elf ears?
What is the volume of silicone in this kit? Knowing the weight doesn't help me to know if this will be enough for my project...
Can i make a mold from a non drying clay sculpture and from a urethane rubber belt? And what release agent and liquid THICKENER do you recomend?
Can this be used for making plaster molds?
Can you use the product to make a mold, then use the same product in the mold to make the part? And can you add silicone pigments to color it?
Can I mix this with Fiberglass Resin Liquid Hardener? What I want is to use Part A, which I believe is the clear product to make fishing lure heads.
i will buy this to mu us address then forward by Air frieght to my country my question if this is flammable ? can this be shipped by air ?
how many items can be made from one kit? Is there enough in one kit to make a full size 1911 handgun? (for holster molding)
can you reuse is or does it harden in the bottel?
is this product good for pen work
i whant to make batman mask..i buy this and the pigment black color and what else i need? do i need a sealent? or something else
About stretch...i need silicon to build a character (for a stop-motion movie) and it need a certain flexibility (fingers moves) do you recommand this?
I want to make a silicone cast of my arm using a plaster mold. Will this work?
How stiff it is when dry? is this one the one numbered 30? Thanks!
Is this product food safe?
Is the Smooth-On Dragon Skin platinum cure silicone rubber reef safe for a saltwater tank? I see this is the only silicone rubber you have on Amazon.
I want to make the suspenders that Leeloo wears in 5th element. sum1 suggested 2 trial size boxes??
i want to make a prototype, i want to use a silicone mold and a liquid plastic prototype, do you have pigments for your liquid plastic?
Is this needle puncture re-sealable? Can it also be painted?
Is the cap black or white?
Is the bottle easy to squeeze?
What is the diameter of the bottle, and its height, capped? I hope it will fit in my camping cookpot.
Diameter?
How large of a mold will this usually make? One large one? a few small ones? or is there a specified size reccommended?
Now that I've found the mold-making substance-- I need to reproduce a rare nylon cam. Can anyone recommend a good "nylon molding compound"?
is this heat resistant?
Is it enough liquid to make a 12" vinyl record mold?
I sculpt in Plasticine and wonder if it would be too soft a material for casting with smooth-on?
Will this release from a mold made of foam? and will i be able to paint latex onto this then peel off when it dries?
How would I make a two part mold with this? Would I just coat the first side with vasaline?
any problems with bubbles?
Will this product work with clays that have sulphus?
I want to make silicone "castings" of my baby's hand and foot prints that I made out of those air drying clay kits. Will this destroy them?
Is this loom OK for a mom and her 7 year old daughter -- total beginners? Thanks!
what size beads do I need?
How wide of an item can I make with this?
Will it accommodate size 15/0 seed beads without distortion?
I also would like to know What the Product Dimensions are for this item? Length x Width x Height?
does it have springs to keep the threads separated?
could I make dog collars with this? I dont know how large I can make items
The kit says it comes with beads - what size beads come with this kit?
What size beads is best for this loom?
what is included with the loom? thread? needle? beads?
Would this hold an 11x17 poster? or is it 11x17 with the flap?
I am confused as to the size. The photo of the product, search results, and product description are all different. What is the size?
How many bags are included in this order?
how big are the holes in the middle of the roll? I want to know if they will fit on the wood masking tape holder that I have :)
How sticky is it? I want to use it to mark envelopes and don't want it peeling off.
I've been looking for that sticky tape they use to have in the 60's in school that you licked the back and stick it together or make a chain.Do they make this yet?
I wanted to be sure that this is a set of 24 paints, and not 12 as the picture shows.
Want to be sure this is 24. It is priced more like a set of 12. Also, are the names of the colors beside each pan?
what's the difference opaque to regular watercolors
how many beads does it bring?
what mm cord to use with these?
Genuine? Are these genuine turquoise?
if they are real turquoise or false?
i was wondering if this tripod only works with artograph-LED products. I have an Epson Powerlite-8350 and need a tripod for an art installation
Can I use this tripod to aim the projector downwards... to a table surface, for transferring images upon a cake or cookie?
What is the max height this extends to?
this tripod works with the led500 as well as the led300, correct?
Is this tripod universal. Will it hold most brands?
Does the tripod work for the artograph LED200 digital projector as well?
I just purchased this kit and canNOT find the needle! Anyone remember where it was in the kit? And if not, what needle should I buy/use?
How can I get a copy of the instructions with the thread color legend? I lost it!
Will the back of the cross stitched image be on the back of the blanket? Does the blanket come with an additional layer to cover it up?
On the stitch chart there are 2 different symbols but they are for the same color. I don't quite understand this
is this already quilted or just the printed top?
I have every thing but the printed directions in my kit does any one know where I can get the directions with out getting a new kit
Do I need a hoop for this project? I'm new to cross stitch and I want to gather everything I might need before starting. Thanks!
I want to do this project together with my daughter, so I need more needles. What type of needle should I buy?
How long did it take to complete?.advisable.for a beginner?
Does anyone know where the needle is in this package? I just bought the kit and can't find it.
Is this delicate and clear enough to glue holographic foils inside a clear hard plastic cellphone case?
Would you recommend this glue as something to install a zipper onto a cloth tote handbag? I need an alternative to sewing.
Is is ok for outdoor projects as far as low to freezing temps? I read all the questions/answers and heat seems to be ok. Thanks
Is this good for eyeglasses plastic frame repair?
I just received this glue from Amazon but because of the bold warnings on the back I still haven't opened the package!!! Putting the question of "toxins" aside please tell me how do you get the smells out of your home??? I live in a small apartment!!!
Does this tolerate outdoor low to freezing temperatures after glass to glass glued? Thanks
Can this be used to glue yarn flowers to barrette and pins?
beads to metal
does this product work to repair broken ceramic pieces?
I need to repair a ski top sheet which is peeling (only about 1 inch, from an impact with a rock). Would this be a good option?
How long are they?
are these natural?
Are the stems rigid or bendable so that the bunch can be fanned out when put in a narrow-neck vase?
How wide is the "eye" of the feather?
do these feathers come with the stem i need them to make a aztec hair piece
How long are they?
Is this really that much different from embossing ink? Pros? Cons? Thanks!
can perfect medium pad be used with embossing powder and a heat tool??
How long does it last before it is no longer usable (e.g., gets old / expires)?
Where is this made?
How do you clean up your stencils, stamps, etc. after use?
Is this coming in a pack or just a single rod?
How many come in a pack?
What is the measurement of the Dowel Rod? Measures 1/4-inch diameter by 12-inch length? How many comes in come package? Thanks in advance.
Is the price just for one or is this a package? Thanks.
Does it have a quilting table?
What are the foot it came with JUKI 27-Z?
Which model has the start and stop button on the front
Is the Juki hzl27z made in Japan
How does it handle faux &amp; real fur? I've got projects involving 0.5"-2.5" fur. Any recommendations at same price or lower otherwise?
Does the Juki Hzl 27Z need regular oiling?
What style bobbin does this machine take?
Where is JUKI HZL27 made from?
What accessories does this machine come with? Also, would this be a good machine for a beginner? I am also looking at the Brother CS6000i , Janome 2212 and the Brother XL-3750. We use a Bernina in class.
Can you add knee lift for pressed foot
what is the difference in this Juki TL 2000Qi and the Juki TL 2010Q
how wide is the throat
What feet does this model come with? Walking foot? FMQ foot? Zipper?
Is this a computerized machine?
Does this model have the knee lever?
what is the throat/harp length?
I'm sewing patches on leather vests. Will this machine sew through leather vests? How much material with can I pass under the foot before binding?
I read that it is a straight stitch machine only. Can it be used for free motion quilting? Does it or can it have a stitch regulator?
warranty?
I use a hand-operated controller on the Janome I use on my quilt rack - will I need a different controller for the Juki?
what is the harp size of the machine, the distant from the needle to the right of the throat?
I have universal presser feet from my industrial juki. Will this machine accept the presser feet from an industrial machine?
where is machine manufactured?
I am curious about the automatic needle threader. my mom needs it - she has arthritis which makes using a typical needle threader impossible.
What accessories does the machine come with? if any.
My teen child is asking for a drawing tablet. Would this tablet be recommended for a firt\st drawing tablet and for a pre-teen?
what systems is it compatible with
can it erase?
is the usb cord unattachable or like does it detach?
Will this work with Ubuntu? and can it be used with Blender and Gimp?
I wanna know if there is compatibe with Ubuntu/Linux?
Does this tablet work with Windows 8?
Is this compatible with the Surface Pro 3's OneNote Application? I have 3 monitors and the Surface pro 3 must remain docked so I therefore can't write
Just to be certain, the pen is pressure sensitive?
can you use a mouse as well as the stylus on this tablet
Does this case come with the plastic organizer boxes inside or do you have to purchase those separate?
Has anyone purchased both this case and the one in black canvas? If so, is there any difference in what fits in it or its features? Durability?
What are the dimensions of the outer pocket? Would this be an ideal case for my daughter's rubber bands and loom?
What are the sizes of the organizer boxes? don't they sell different sizes? what are the ones that come with this organizer case?
How tall is it when level? What is the height when almost vertical? Would a chair or a drafting chair be used?
I want to ask if the surface top can be use as a whiteboard? That is if it can be write on?
how wide apart are the feet? can u make it wider when you assemble it? I need to slide the table with something with 30" wide in between it
can this be tilt almost upright to paint on a canvas
Does this come with caster's on the bottom? If not, is it possible to add caster's?
What are the dimensions? Width, Depth, Height?
Can the table be used flat and well as tilted? And does it lock in place so you can't tilt it?
Can the top lay completely flat like a regular table and also fold down flat for storage if space is an issue?
is the board removable if i want to use it on my lap? does table fold for storage? i live in a small apartment with limited space.
Is the pencil guard (ledge) removable?
To what heights (min/max) does the desktop adjust?
can the top fold flat to use as a desk?
Does this table collapse?
Does this adjust low enough that it would work for a 6 year old? I want to get her a art table for her bday and its either these kind or ones for toddlers.
Does the table top sit competely level (flat) in the down position? Im interested in using it as a desk most of the time. Hard to tell from pic.
Can I put in acer
Are this suitable for copperplate calligraphy?
Are the pens all the same tip size, or different size tips?
Are these dip pens?
Can the nibs in these pens be changed for different techniques?
Is this product white or "off-white" because the picture makes it look tan???
what is the weight i.e. 12 oz or 18 oz? Or perhaps, the #, i.e. #10 or #8?
What are the exact measurements in feet 18' x 5' ?
What type of paint is ideal to use on top of the prime? (Acrylic, Oil, etc)
.I would also like to know the weight of the canvas not the shipping weight. Some are 7ozs. some are 11...what's this?
Hi I am looking for a canvas roll measurements size 63 inches L x 33 1/2 h x 29 3/4 w What your's your recommendation for me to get ? It is for my big iguanas cage so I will need to get non toxic! Should you non primed canvas and will IT be able to use...
How many oz's?
Do these work in the BeDazzler kit, which uses #20, 34, and 40 flatback rhinestones?
do they have glue
are these flat backs?
Are the yellow ones gold looking or does it look more like a yellow color?
I want to used these to decorate my note 3 defender otterbox case(Hard shell part), will krazy glue work for the rhinestones to stick to the case?
are they hot applied
How many of each color are there
HI, again I send email yesterday ask for if you have Rhinestone flatback star any kind yellow of 3mm
how long does it take to reach to Vineland, NJ 08360
how long does it take to reach brooklyn ny usa 11210
What font type are these?
Will this work on stainless steal flare wear?
I'm looking to get in to stamping dog tags. What I do know is that military size is 1/8" standard. Doesn't one need a block or something?
I'm wondering if these stamps can be heated and used to imprint gold foil sheets onto leather? Do you think these will work for that project?
What am I doing wrong - I have stainless steel dog tags for kids for VBS, but I am having trouble getting the letters to really show?
Are these uppercase or lowercase letters?
Can these be used with ink?
What type face on these letter stamp?
Are they strong enough to imprint keys?
Could you please confirm that I will got exactly what is on the picture? I need the oval based punch set. Thank you!
sewing machines: What is the difference between the Singer 7467 and 7467S, besides the price?
what is a fashion presser foot
A customer on Amazon says that it cannot sew heavy fabrics like jeans. Is this true?
hello, does this machine run on 110-220 ac volts??? or just 100ac? can it be used in Europe?
Does this machine have a zipper presser foot?
Are there replacement parts available for sale for this machine? The connection prong for my foot pedal broke.
made in America?
Does the S-Stylist do monograms?
How many volts need this sawing machine?
This model has 70 built-in stitches, but I only see 6 of them on the front board. How do you get to use the other 64 stitches?
my daughter is a size 14/16 but a K/L cup. what size should I buy
what size to buy
What basic dress form to buy?
Fabulous Fit Dress Form System: Can I fit my body on my singer dressform if my bust is 34 and my hips are 41?
Should I get the same size padding to match the dress form or go larger?
I have a lightly padded display form, girls sz 10. Will this work on that type of form now that my daughter is getting some curves?
Do you ship to UK. I have tried several suppliers but can't find anyone who will ship to England
Does anyone own a fabulous Fit dress form? Do you like it/ worth the price, or should I go with the fit system and cheap form like a Dritz?
Can this system be used on an inexpensive store mannequin that has my measurements?
One of our offices has a REALLY loud Martin Yale folder that they've had for at least 10 years (not this model). How loud is this machine?
How many sheets of paper can you stack to be folded-meaning, can you put 50 or 100 or more in the inlet tray?
does it fold multi copies? For instance our quarterly newsletter is 2 pages
I frequently use HP Glossy Presentation paper. It is 48 lb. Any thoughts on if this machine would fold this well (without a lot of jamming)?
Will this seal AND fold? we need to seal and fold checks
The description states that it will hold 16# to 70# paper, what about something less, like regular photocopy paper?
In the description it says "except 8 1/2 x 14" what does that mean? It wont handle that size paper at all?
Will this machine fold 65# or 110# card stock paper?
Is there a warranty?
Is the Z fold the same as a trifold?
what is the bust-waist- hip dimensions for the size 12?
what are the measurements for the size 12, i.e. bust, waist &amp; hip?
Is it fully pinnable?
What shipper is typically used for standard (free) shipping?
What does half body mean? It doesn't mean it is in half scale right, because I need a full scale dress form to drape on. Thanks for your help.
do you sell arms? back length?
pls could anyone confirm if this item comes packed, ie in a smaller cartoon or something, i want to have an idea of the exact size of the package...
Can u give me the measurements of the dress Form
what are the actual sizes? Bust, waist, hips? I have a size 10 hips and size 12 bust. How should I order?
What mains voltage needed to operate the machine? 220 or 230 maybe?
Will it work for hemming skirts/light weight pants?
Is this product recomended for an 8 year old girl that wants to learn sewing?
Does this sunbeam sb1800 come with a manuel&gt;
I am handicap and looking for a lightweight machine to make a quilt for the first time;sewing the squares. Will this machine do the job? Thank you.
does the machine make button holes?
I bought this a few months ago. I now cannot find the cord and whatever it came with. Would someone please make a list to tell me, what I am looking
Does it use standard bobbins used in bigger models?
Can you change the presser foot? I need to use a zipper foot, I know it's not included but can it be purchased separately?
How to threat the needle - I can't even find the hole in it???
Does it have a super slow speed when you want to sew in tight spots or when you need to be very precise as to exactly where the needle lands?
Do you have a quilting machine that has the inside dimension 10" height and 16" wideth from the needle to the body of the machine for free hand quilti
Is it on sale now? Does it have auto threading system? Compare this model and Juki TL-2000qi or Juki HZL-F600 , which one is better?
Can I free motion quilt on this Janome?
what warranty does it have
Janome 6300 Professional: Can anyone give me a review of this machine?
what is the distance of harp?
Does it have a super slow speed when you want to sew in tight spots or when you need to be very precise as to exactly where the needle lands?
what accessories are included?
Does it have good lighting; I find as I get older, I need really good light &amp; no windows in my sewing space?
dimension, weight?
How exactly do you deflate it? Can't seem to figure it out.
What are the dimensions of the dive flag?
does the line float?
Is this Muslin Product Unbleached?
Can I use this for embroidery?
If cut, does it require hemming to prevent fraying?
Would this fabric be suitable for sewing shorts? Would they be too sheer?
Is it an even-woven fabric suitable for cross stitch embroidery? Thanks.
Does this fabric come on the bolt as pictured above or is it cut from a bolt folded and sent?
Is it soft
Is this heavy or light/
I might use this to make a white trench coat, for looks. I will be wearing black underneath it. How see through is it, will it work for my purposes?
Hi would this fabric be thick enough to use a batting for a scarf?
I think this material would work real well as a lining in pants or shorts, you think so?
Hi, I am wondering if this fabric can be used for painting?
I'm looking for some fabric to use as a backdrop of an event tent. So this will be like a curtain almost. Is this super sheer/see-through?
would this be to see threw for a skirt?
if I wanted addition yards how do i apply that to my order onamazon ?
can i use this to make a long skirt to wear ? would this be enough fabric?
I have a person that wants me to make an evening gown out of cotton material. will this material hold up?
We are doing a canopy over our bed. We want something that drape well and puddle onto the floor. We also plan to use tiebacks. What is the best fabric
does this work on a cte-650?
do these fit CTH300K for nib that comes with Bamboo Pad?
Do these nibs work with CTL-480?
does it fit to cht470?
Does this work on a CTH680?
I have CTH-470 will the nibs fit with this model?
Do these work on a PTH-650?
Can I use this for the Wacom Bamboo Create?
is this compatible for the pen of the bamboo pen CTL470?
Does the set come with the tool to pull the old nib out?
Can you use any brand of laminating pouch, or must it be Yourstory brand?
How thick can your book be?
Does the binder work with page protectors on the pages?
How few pages can you bind with this?
Can you bind hard covers in this binder also?
can I binder a book around 80 pages with A4 size&acute;s sheets ?
Has anyone used 5 mil laminating pouches with this laminator?
Are the covers and glue strips acid free?
Can I use this software on my two computers?
Do you need anything else to make this program work?
Can you create a monogram using this software (with the middle letter being larger than the two outer letters?
Monogram it vs letter it?
How do I know if this is compatible with Brother PE 770?
Did it have Old English font?
Does the software works to make clothes labels? It has to have at least 3 lines of information like found on clothes labels. Thanks!
How do I get my designs from the computer on to my Brother se-400? I have made a design and saved it but now I need to know what to do next or step by step instructions. Thanks! There is no flash drive port. You have to plug your computer directely to...
Will Letter It work on my windows 8 computer
My computer will not let me open a pes file. Will this program let me open one?
hole size 3mm which wick will fit ?
Whoever has used this as wick for atomizers, did you boil the wick? If so, how long?
are you cotton wicks treated with any time of chemical(s)?
I need outdoor matte vinyl(12"wide) for my Silhouette Cameo cutter machine.Colors and white.
can you use an inkjet printer with this vinyl?
what is the length, 12" wide by ?
My order of this indoor/outdoor vinyl came as just a normal vinyl. Shouldn't my order be labeled as "indoor/outdoor" like in the image?
Is this a permanent stick? or is it removable with no residue? (To use for "reverse letter" stencils that I need to remove from polycarbonate sheet)
The dimensions were unclear. 9 x 2 x 2 inches? So this is 9 inches wide by 2 inches long?
I am confused, three people answered, and each have different sizes. what is it? 9" x 10" or 12" x 6" or 9" x10 feet.
This item is 9' by WHAT?
is this 100% clear?
is this roll 12 feet long? by 9" wide
is the jersey acid free? I want to use the form to display a 19th century garment....
What size is this form?
Do the arms bend at the elbows?
How movable are arms. Can they extend out lateral to body as if making the letter "T"
what size is the mannequin?
Does this form work well displaying pants?
Is this form made of fiberglass or foam? I'm looking to purchase one with the intent of sanding it down for display items.
Please provide dimensons for each individual cup! Thank you.
What is the diameter of the containers?
How many ounces can container hold?
Will the pages tear out neatly?
Can you trace an object on wood
what type of writing items can be used to transfer from tracing page to cavus?
Does this paper bleed through if used with a sharpie? I need a paper that i can draw onto and then trace over with a sharpie and have it bleed through
can you use this in a printer or a copier?
how thick is this paper? and i don't mean "heavy, medium, or light"... what i mean is it .002" or .0015" or .003, etc....?
Can you use this paper for calligraphy?
Will this paper work with an iron-on pencil? I want to transfer onto cloth. but am worried about the heat.
how much weight will it hold?
how large is it?
Anyway to hook a belt and motor to this? Any exposed shaft or hub underneath?
can you use it to make pottery, like mold clay into something?
Do you think this would be good in a bakery? We need something a bit more robust than the usual cake decorating turntables.
Are you able to remove the top plate for baking your sculpture in the oven (for materials like Super Sculpey)?
how many cm has this?
how big is it
Size
Is this electrical? or do you have to spin it?.
does it come with the 25 year factory warranty?
does this machine make a regular one needle straight stitch like a regular sewing machine?
Does it make a double row cover stitch and serge the edge at the same time?
Will Janome Coverpro Tape Binder Foot work on Janome Serger 634D or Janome MC 9000?
How hard is it to get the fabric out of the machine after stitching the cover stitch?
can it be used like a regular sewing machine as well?
How long is the arm on the Janine 1050?
how much does it weigh?
What is the difference between the Dc1030 and the Janome 3160. Does the 1030 have a needle threader
Is the bobbin hook plastic or metal?
do they come with quilting feet
How many needle positions does this machine has?
I'm relocating out of the country... is this a dual voltage machine?
What kind of warranty comes with this item if purchased on amazon?
Can I sew denim material on this machine without problems?
Does the Janome 1050 have the drop feed dog feature?
How many yards per bobbin?
Will this work on Brothers PE770?
These work for singer xl400 and the FQ4? Which both take the 15j.?
Will these work on Janome E350 michine
Does this fit the modern Singer Featherweights, or the old 221 series?
Will this work with my Brother CS6000i?
Will It Hold A Janome Lady Lilac Machine
Will this bag fit on my Necchi TM8?
I would like to know if my Sofia 2 will fit in this tote and will it be supported.My machine measures 15" long, 7" deep, 12" high and weighs 12 pound
will this fit the babylock sofia 2 ?
Making coasters out of polymer clay - is it waterproof?
Does it have to be baked after application?
after dried, is it water-proof?
Can I use this glaze over the jacquard fx pigments which have been rubbed into clay?
Can you use this over photos? I'm making photo-inlaid Christmas ornaments and I wasn't sure if I should use a separate finish for the photos.
If I painted over a sculpey with acrylic paint, would it be fine to just use acrylic gloss varnish? or do i get the sculpey glaze?
how to use
can it be used on plastic
Can you use irem in aquariums after glazed and baked?
Can you bake this in an oven at home, or do you need a Kiln?
Is there Standard Accessories Package and Circular sewing attachment, and warranty included ?
I've read the manual from cover to cover - they do NOT tell the size of bobbin. Does any one know the specific JANOME bobbin size? Thank you
what is the working area between needle and side of machine body?
Can anyone tell me how this machine compares to the Janome DC2014? I am a beginner and trying to decide between the two.
Where is this machine manufactured?
Does this machine have a start/stop button for sewing without the foot peddle?
Some here said this machine has lousy alphabets. Did anyone else experience that with this machine?
i still have the same problem as before with machine beeping , then stopping ,no message saying stopped for safety reasons now i have a different issue as i start to lift my foot off foot pedal it momentarily goes in super fast sewing mode but just for...
I need a sewing machine that I can take with me frequently to classes. Is the DC5100 light enough to travel?
Hi! for shipping I need to know the size of the box of this product, Can you help me?
Why is it that most of the Janome users previously owned Singer or Kenmore? Anything has to be better than either of those--so what's the real benefit of a Janome HD3000 vs a Pfaff?
Does this machine have a metal or plastic chassis?
does this machine sew through multiple layers of denim?
How wide is the opening to the right of the needle (the throat) on this machine? Is there space to work while quilting?
I need a machine that can sew leather. Not heavy leather for belts, but leather to make holsters, jackets, etc. Is this a good machine for that? Also, would you pick the HD1000 or HD3000? THANKS
Can a walking foot be used with this machine and has anyone ever used one with it?
Does this machine have a 2.0 stitch and can it do free motion quilting without causing a lot of frustration?
Is there a heavy duty Sewing desk to fit this machine ? If yes, what does it cost
What is the sewing stitch speed?
what presser feet come with the machine?
How far do the easel arms extend?
will this hold a 16 x 20 stretch canvas for painting on?
Hi, what is the distance from the bottom of the legs to the lowest position of the 'hook?'
would this work for a dry erase board
Are the hooks stationary or moveable?
Will this hold a 16 x 20 poster frame?
will this support a 12"x12"x3" book? i eouldnt want it to topple over.
is it porous and able to absorb water like a regular sponge ?
Is it 1/8 inch thick when it's dry?
Hello, can you please tell me if these are cellulose sponges? I am interested in a biodegradable product. Thanks.
Hello where making this box ? please Greetings to you
Is this really a1,761 piece set? Or that there are only 1,761 actual sets? I've seen descriptions saying 1,761 pieces but doesn't look close to that.
the price is in dollars??
Hello I need to know the dimensions of this item, please Greetings to you
can this be used in a kirby? is it low suds?
Is it safe to use with the Rug Doctor?
shipping cost?
What does it smell like? The scent of the Kirby cleaner makes me nauseus.
Hi - can I use this with Hoover rotary shampooer?
Does the neck bend too? If so how much?
How is it attached to the stand and will it bend at the waist?
Is the shipping $32.95 for each unit purchased? I am interested in buying several.
Is there any option to remove the head and cap it? Some other styles show a flat metal top that attaches instead of putting on the head.
what is the height of the 5 yr old mannequin from head to toe
The product description gives the sizes of a 3 year old wearing size 3T. So, isn't this a 3 year old and not a 5 year old?
Could I also get the hip measurement of this form? Thanks
can you state the chest and waist measurements?
The picture does not show the back. Is it a solid back and can you use pins on it? Thank you
can i remove mannequin from base.. im looking to use these as demos for child safety classes for bus driving safety.
Does this model have ADJUSTABLE STOPS that do not allow the blade to move beyond a preset point or does the user have only his eye to "stop" overcuts?
Can you fit a 32" wide mat through this cutter - is the open area at least 32" wide? I need to cut a 32" wide mat in two pieces, will this do it?
Is the limitation of cutting only 4 ply mat board a function of the depth of the blade on the supplied bevel cutter?
Will this cutter cut pictures also?
Can this thing cut 4 mm Coroplast (about 1/8 in thick)
Can the cutter be configured to pull instead of push?
Can you buy a straight cutter to use with this product? I know it comes with a straight knife but want to know if you can use an attachment. Thanks!
Has anyone ever used this to cut 3/16" foam board?
What is a Standard Matt Board thickness
What is the difference between this model and the Logan Elite compact cmat cutter?
Do you have any boys size (12 - 14 yrs old) mannequins?
please send height of 9 year old mannequin.
Can someone tell me what the inseam measurement is?
Is this able to sit down? In other words, do the legs bend at the knees?
do the fingers bend?
What are the measurements of the waist on this mannequin?
Can the surface be painted?
Does anyone know the size of the throat on this machine?
first quilting machine: Would this be a good one?
Is the throat height on the 2011 taller than on the later models? 2012,2013, 2014 for quilting. . It looks taller in the picture. Thanks Dori Paschal
Does the DC2011 have a start/stop button like the Janome 8077?
Why isThe bobbin holder on this machine loose and makes a noise when sewing and the lower tension is way off, no matter the setting
metal bobbins
Where is it made?
will it sew leather?
Janome 2011-DC2011 vs Janome 2012-DC2012: Other than the color, DC2011 having pink and the DC2012 having light green on the sewing machine, does anyone know if there are any specific features that are different from the 2011 model versus the 2012 model?
Which is the best model in th dc line?
Is this too simple for a 13 year old?
our kit was missing the 2 needles. where can i get the plastic needle?
I'm an adult looking to learn to learn this loom. Will a hat made on this fit a grown up?
Can a left-handed person use this loom?
Is this manual?
5 year old granddaughter suitable for this age?
Does this come with instructions for projects, and if so, which projects?
What is the best weight of yarn to use with this?
Does this come with instructions for projects, and if so, which projects?
How do I get a swatch? The posting notes that this is available on request, however I can't find a link. Thanks!
Is the background white or off white? Thank you
i want to know what this fabric is made of...does it feel very "plastic"
is it cased
Is anyone else having trouble with these bobbins? they show white all around my blue. I have used other pre -wound with no trouble I'm using a PE770
I have a Innovis 4000D and it calls for the 11.5 bobbin. Is this that size?
Are these bobbins good to use for regular quilting.
Have you used these prewound bobbins on Brother PE500 and, if so, how did they work? Thanks
Since my machine is not mentioned here, I am assuming that they will not work with my Brother Innovis 4000D, right?
I have a brother PR620. Are this bobbins compatible?
can u use these on the janome 350e
Do these bobbins fit the new Brother Dream machine?
Is the end of the thread tied to the bobbin? (I have heard of such and they wreak havoc!)
Does it fray when cut? I need to cut it into strips.
Is this fabric breathable?
How wide is this fabric?
is it good for an atv or motorcycle seatcover? or is it pretty resistant towards water? plz answer asap
I'm making an Organization 13 coat, and I need a fabric that looks like smooth leather. It does not need to function like a good coat. Will this work?
is this big enough to replace the 22x18 seat in my wheel chair?
can i use this fabric to make pants or clothing?
How thick is the leather in inches
Can I use this to re-upholster the Mainstays Metal Swivel Bar Stool?
How Long is the leather?
does it feel like vinyl or suede
If I order 3 yards do I get 3 peices or one long piece?
is there any textured feel to this ?
how thick using millimeters please?
Does it have any kind of smell to it? If it does, will it go away?
Can you cover a couch with this item?
I am looking to recover my kitchen chairs, will this be durable enought to last a while?
would this product be suitable for shoe insoles
is this leather thick enough to not move with gravity? I am making a sword holder.I need it to stay still and not bend when the sword is not in it.
Is this waterproof/outdoor material? I am recovering the foam cover for our hot tub.
Are any of the sheets brown?
I need white, black, blue, and grey. are these colors in the package?
What is the sheet width? Are those from hard felt or soft felt?
How many sheets per pack?
when you peel the sticker off is it just the shamrock or is there a background around it?
Almost $7 for 1 sheet of stickers?
what is the size of 1 shamrock
Would these work with 2 pieces of .060 kydex or would the 3/16" screws would be better?
How thick is the assembled unit?
Is it 10 screw and post sets or 5 sets of two pieces each?
what do you tighten the screws with? like what tool.
would these work to put 2 sheets of .080" kydex together? or do you think 3/16 work better?
are these hex head or phillips?
what material are they made from?
What is the siz of the top of male end?
hard to tell in picture- is the height or width 26"? I need a wide board.
Can you lean into this board with some weight like you might on a table top? I'm expecting to be able to push into this a bit with my arm as I draw.
Does this thing have parallel edges?
Does the board have a metal edge on the side for a T-square?
Is there a way to adjust this drawing board to an angle that is above 30 degrees?
What is the black base made out of, plastic? Just wondering if I could use self-drilling screws tapped 1/2 way in to act as a stop for a better angle.
Is the a way to create a pencil ledge on the bottom of this drawing board?(I am referring to the large or smaller one)
What is the width between the brackets that would set on the table and is there a way to attach them to the surface of the table.
How is the texture of the drawing surface? Is it smooth?
How is the board attached to the brackets? I'd like to swap the top for one of the animation board tops (in smaller size)
Can T square be used with this board? Thanks!
whats the angle of the small board?
Is the surface paintable? I want to make it magnetic for crafting projects.
What size is the small board?
what is the measurement for the small board?
Aside from the stand, is there any difference between the large and small
Can the parallel slidebar be entirely removed?
Can someone please tell me the measurements of the Martin Adjustable Angle Parallel Drawing Board
Does the board have grips on the bottom to keep it from sliding on a desk or table top?
Does the slide bar hold the paper in place or are there clips not shown? Thank you!
What is the pointed piece at the hose connector? I can't figure it out. :-(
my daughter wants to paint deer sculls. would this product be good for that?
I want this to paint a wood and fabric covered model airplane. The wingspan will be around two feet, so what I need is something that will spray at least a one inch swath at a time so that it won't take forever. Is this the right airbrush for that?
Lost the spring to this - where do you get replacements?
What is the biggest pattern you can get with this AB?
I need an airbrush hose that fits this to my pancake compressor. Not sure the size fittings or if they're all standard. Could someone reccomend one?
I need an airbrush hose that fits this to my pancake compressor. Not sure the size fittings or if they're all standard. Could someone reccomend one?
Compatible with Dinair mini compressor? Would it be too weak for this airbrush gun, which requires 15 PSI miniumum to 50 PSI.
The description says to drain accumulated water....how do I do that? Is that the only maintenance needed?
Can this system handle Liquid Latex without clogging?
can this be use on 220V coutry?
Is the pressure regulator valve sensitive enough so you can accurately dial in lower pressure settings, such as 12-15 PSI?
Will this compressor maintain 40-50 lbs of "Working Pressure" for airbrushes?
How many Amps is this compressor?
What are the dimensions?
Does it have automatic On/Off Shutoff and Thermal Protection from over heating?
Does this compressor work well with a spray guns for larger projects?
What is the weight of the paper? 18lb? Thanks
If tracing a sewing pattern, do you need to use a light table?
How does this compare to Swedish Tracing Paper?
What kind of pencil/pen do you use to trace the patterns? Do they hold up well over many uses?
is transparent the paper?
Is this paper on a 3" core? I need to fit it on my HP Designjet 24" printer
Is this paper compatible with the HP T120
can stamp on this paper and use gel medium I need for my art work, had been using the sewing patterns
What type of hardwood are these made from; oak or maple?
How many in a pack?
Do you have 15" x 1/2" size?
how many dowels come in the pack?
How many dowels come in the package?
What kind of point does it have
Would you recommend these for an adult to use in a coloring book?
Product description says "this set includes: glitter pens, neon pens, metallic pens". so no pastels, right?
How long do they last, some run out faster than others do these last more than a few pages of coloring?
would they be good to use for school
are they acid free
what are the colors the kit includes
Do they show up on black paper?
If used on fabric, how badly do they fade?
Do these bleed or shadow through paper?
Just took it out of the box. Has anyone else had problems with it shutting off after connecting the airbrush? The "manual" for both are useless.
Is there any warranty on the compressor?
Can be used for any airbrushing (models, latex masks, makeup, etc) not just cake decorating? Or are there specific differences in airbrushes?
Does anyone else have issues with the unit overheating and spitting out water?
How Power Voltage
what does it come with
I have bought one of these in Australia and i need to know how many watts should my step down transformer be can anyone please help
I love this compressor and airbrush--but would like to buy more of the glass jars and connectors--anybody know which kind to buy?
where is the hose that conect to the air brush
I want to ask about the voltage of the compressor?
Can I use this to attach postcards to house doors for advertising my business
How many dots are on a sheet? How big are the sheets?
would these also work to hold up balloon clusters outside of a building on stucco?
Do these work well for hanging posters in a college dorm?
the video of the package show pernament... the description states that it can be removed... which is true?
Can you use these to attach fabric pom poms to balloons?
would this hold a license plate bracket in the front so i dont have to use screws?
what is the thickness?
Would these work to use on the bottom of a candle wick to use to hold it to the glass while pouring the wax?
Curious what this product can be used for. Is it similar to the glue that holds plastic cards (i.e. Credit Cards) to letters?
Do these change color indoors due to UVA rays coming in through the windows, or do they only work outdoors?
how long it takes for the beads to change color completely under direct sunlight?
How fast/slow was shipping?
Do the beads start off as white and change color or do the beads already have color and change to another? or how does it work?
Do they have designated colors or do they change color depending on the amount of UV absorbed?
Do they change color fast?
How much will this material shrink on an initial wash? We want to make diaper liners with it and use it as an outer cover over another material.
Can it be used as lining for PUL fabric diapers?
I'm looking for absorbent, light weight and fast drying fabric to make camp towels for an up coming family trip. Would this fit the bill?
how is viscose bamboo made?
Is there rayon in this? Would it be safe to make cloth tampons out of?
Has anyone tried dying this fabric? I'm considering this fleece for a coat, since it's soft and high quality, but I'm wanting it in another color. THX
What is the gsm of this fabric?
how can you order directly from cloth fabric diaper store to avoid multiple yards and receive one piece of fabric for the yards you purchase? this is mentioned in the description
Are there any fire retardants used on this fabric?
Will this case fit a janome MC6600P sewing machine?
Will this fit a Janome DC2010 ?
Is this the blue dot they are talking about for Janome Horizon 8900
will this bobbin case fit a 4120QDC?
Will this case fit janome horizon 7700qcp?
Will this case fit a Janome 6300?
Hello! Will this fit a Janome 3160 QDC machine?
Does this work with the Janome 3160 QDC with automatic thread cutter? Checked the web site but it doesn't specify
How big is the envelope? How big is the die plate?
what size is this envelope?
How many come in a pack?
What kind of fabric is this?
How many in the package?
does this die plate work with the sizzix big shot PRO?
Can you use this die with a cuttle bug
I want to make a pin cushion filled with wool as I understand the pins will not rust. Would the wool be the right stuffing to use?
Am I able to use this wool for 3-D felting projects?
is this easy to spun into a yarn? is it a long or short fiber?
Can this type of wool be used to make Dread falls? Thank you.
can this Carded Carbonized Wool do wet felting ?
I have just begun to felt wool. My question is cant polyester fiberfill be used as a base to build on, instead of wool?
Is this imported, or from the USA?
What does carbonized mean
how many black and red sheets are in this pack?
What is the thickness of these sheets?
can you print on it using an HP office jet printer (inkjet)
Are they glittered or none glittered? From the picture on the web page it looks like they are glittered.
how thick are the sheets
Does this multi-colored pack have gray sheets in it?
What material is this foam made of?
Is this paper regular printer paper, with an antique design printed on it, or is it parchment paper?
Seems a bit wide @ 9.25 inches, will this somehow fit into a 8.5 inch wide paper feed of a printer????
Can this be used in an ink jet printer
is it colored that way on both sides?
Why is it tear away paper.If you resize, wont it take the edges which is part of the design? Is this a "menu" type paper in your opinion. 5x8 is neede
which design does this come in? there are 6 different colors shown
is there some trick to prevent it from jamming in my printer? i have tried with "tear away" edges on (even though they are barely attached) and tried removing "tear away" and both ways it jams my printer....
Can you write on this paper with a regular ball point pen?
What is the length of this paper and the width. Is it at least 81/2 x 11"?
can you use calligraphy on this without bleeding?
Can it be used for a custom made gift tags? I need solid fabric I could stamp in colorful ink.
stupid question so is this 4 foot by 4 foot
How would this work to cover a large dog bed? Do you think it is durable enough?
How would this fabric work with stamping? Is the weave tight?
I'm looking to make a canvas tote bag. Is this canvas thicker or is it thin?
Anyone know the thread count for this?
how deep
Can I cover the back in fabric or patterned paper?
what material is the frame ?
what depth object can you put in the box.1/4 inch tall, 3/8 inch tall etc and still have the top close? the top close?
How deep is this product? I need to know if there is space inside for my starfish.
How many pieces come in a pack?
Do these have separate backs? I am replacing dozens of grommet/eyelets on a wide belt, need smooth, safe backs.
how wide are the 1/3 eyelets from outside of inner hole to outside circumference of eye-let.?
Do these fit through a bookboard? or a chipboard?
The "Warm Metal" package specifies a 3/16 inner diameter but the Brown Package does not. Are they all the same size?
what size are the eye lets for a crop- A-dile?
Can this be used to hold in billy bob teeth?
Could the warm InstaMorph be applied directly to skin? I want to make a costume.
Does this have similar use as Sugru?
could this be used to hold a loose limb in a doll's socket? i am looking for something that will have a firm fit, yet maintain ability to pose.
Can it be coloured before molding? Or must I colour it after it hardens?
can this be used like temp tooth when it cools is it white
how does it attach to broken tooth?
Would this be suitable for fashioning the toe and heel (the parts that your feet actually fit in) of a high heel shoe?
Is this the same as Friendly Plastic?
when you made the teeth or fangs do you have to use it while hot to mold on teeth or let it cool down some but stillwarm?
Hi! I need to know if that works for a Singer machine (model Brilliance)... Thanks!
I have a Janome DC 2012, will this table fit my sewing machine?
My Janome is a Sapphire 835 will this fit my machine - my machine is not the fancy one with embroidery it is called the quilting machine -what model machine has this been used for?
is this is going to fit to my husqvarna viking Designer 1 USB
are there really 108 pre-wound bobbins for $7.99? The one picture shows that many and the other picture shows a small package.
How many bobbins in the package for $69.99?
are these size a class 50 cotton thread?
If this the l bobbin
Why are you listing this thread for $54.00 and only send one little pack of 12 bobbins and show 54 bobbins in this advertisement ???
Picture shows far more than 12 bobbins, but description states "12 bobbins in box"...really $54.00? What do you actually get?
Will it digitize any clip art from the internet
Can I take a picture of my dog, save it in a jpg and have it digitized by this program? Also, I have a Viking and it only works with VP3 type of file
does this software come with a dongle?
Can this do multi-line text? If yes, how can you accomplish this, do you have to screen shot text in a word doc and import the clip into paint?
I have a Babylock Ellure and need to know if I need PTS or Pallette as well as this program or can this run alone. I really don't want to spend thousands for something I don't need
do i need to have another software program to use this or can i just buy this one start with it?
I have a baby lock embroidery machine. Can I use this program. I'm just learning how to use it
Do this program have the ability to create any size fonts as in small fonts for a poem ?
Hi, will this Digitize a JPEG picture?
does this work on janome 350e? or is it only for brother.
Would this sketchbook do well with sharpie art? Would it bleed through if I was careful not to linger on one spot for too long?
How many pages are in this book?
where is it manufactured?
Is there any cotton content at all in this paper?
Will this wok on my Janome Memorycraft 6500P?
Will this cord be compatible with Euro Pro model 9110?
Will this cord work on the Janome Magnolia 7330?
Is this the cord to go with hello kitty model 11706 machine
will this work on my janome 6260 QC?
will it fit a memory craft 10000?
Will this work with Janome DC2050?
Will this cord fit my Janome My Excel W23U?
will this cord fit janome model 2040?
Will this cord fit the Janome Sew Mini?
Is this a fleece fabric?
What is the width of the material?
if you purchase more than 1 yard, are they cut?
what weight is the paper?
Can this paper be used to wrap presents? I want something thick enough that you can't see the gift images on the box, but will wrap easily. Thanks!
What is the weight of this paper? 30, 40 or 50 pound paper? Thank you.
Hi there does this have a central cardboard roll so I can support it on a rod?
What is the diameter of this? I am looking to buy a cutter so I want to make sure it fits. Thanks!
I would like to put this on a rod in my craft room, but the picture shows the inside as blocked with plastic. Is this removable?
can this be used as a paper bags ??
has anyone used this as a weed barrior in landscaping?
Is this paper food safe? Could I use it to cover a table on which I would clean fish?
Can this be used as kids drawing paper and table cover? Thanks!
Would you describe this paper as having a Glossy Finish or a Matte Finish?
what weight is the paper?
Could you color on both sides of this paper with crayon? Some people say one side is waxed, others say both sides are matte.
Would this make a good gift wrap paper? Thick enough not to see through, good hold and able to write on?
Can this be used to hang on the wall for kids to draw on or is it waxed?
the dimensions seem wrong. can you confirm please. (since it is a 36" roll it can't be Product Dimensions: 0.8 x 0.8 x 3 inches") -- I need exact #s
What is the diameter of this roll?
is it FDA aproved?
As banquet table covering: Does it curl so that I need to secure it w/ tape, or does it lie nicely so that the weight of the centerpieces hold it securely?
Is this suitable for wrapping paper? Our Sunday School doing gift wrapping project. Need thick enough to decorate but thin enough to wrap boxes...
Would this paper be thick enough to spray paint a stencil design over? Would it hold up well to the spray paint?
Can I use this on 60in Rounds and will i have enough for 40 tables?
Can you use regular scotch tape (for wrapping presents) on this paper? I bought a roll of kraft paper locally and the tape will not stick to it.
Is butcher paper more expensive that craft paper
Is the brown Kraft paper waxed? I need to use it to present food on and I don't want my cheeses to seep into the paper and look greasy.
Does anyone know if it's safe to wrap meat in this? Looking to use it for BBQ.
is this indeed 765 ft long or 765 inches?
Does this paper have perforated marks to be torn off at sheet sizes, ( or solid that needs sizzor to cut to size ). Thanks in advance. , ).
Did any one tried stamping on it? and does it work?
How wide is this roll? I need to determine if it will fit in a dispenser. Thanks!
Can it be used with ink to form sharply defined characters, or does it blot and run?
is one side of the butcher's paper shiny like the freezer paper?
How long is this roll? It's about double the price of HP printer paper of the same width, but I am thinking this would work better for drawing on.
I want to use this paper to line a puppy pen. Butcher paper usually is leak proof or water proof, is this paper water proof?
What is the size of the opening to fit into a dowel rod on a craft table?
What # weight is the paper?
Is this paper tear resistant?
Does anyone know if this paper is Acid-free ? I can't find that information anywhere.
Is the coating wax or poly (plastic)?
Has anyone actually used this to wrap food up and put in the freezer? Does it work well at keeping freezer burn out?
Whats the diameter of this roll? Does it fit the dispenser you offer for 18 inch which says it holds up to 9 inch diameter roll?
I want to use this to wrap gifts in, is this as wide as a roll of wrapping paper?
I would like a recommendation for a holder/cutter for this paper for kft3040765 30x765.
What is the basis weight of this item - 30#? I am interested in a lightweight paper - perforated if possible.
I intend to BBQ with this paper. Does it have a waxy/slick side?
Not knowing much about how thick 40# paper would be, can someone provide a comparison to the weight of the paper of a brown paper grocery sack?
Can anyone tell me the size of the hole in the very center? I have a roll with 1" rod.
Can you recommend a cutter for this paper? Thank you
This comes with a design but I don't understand the instructions for using my own design, can anyone help me?
Has there been any reports of embroidery floss color "bleeding" once the design is rinsed in warm water? I use Cosmo floss.
how do i get MY DESIGN onto the canvas in order to embroider it onto the fabric? I need specific instructions as I have drawn a blank on how to do thi
how do you wind the bobbin
Is this for real? Does it really sew?
How do you fill bobbin?
What type needle do I use
How large an area will one pound of tiles cover? I'm making a kitchen counter, about sixteen square feet?
is this the same glass as the ones sold in seperate one color packages? Is it painted or acutal colored glass?
do you sell wholesale? looking to buy 30 pkg. of the mosaic sparkle pre cut glass
How much does the package weigh?
Is it just me, or does that look like a cheap fishing tackle box??
Can it be locked?
Are the dividers in the tray removable?
if a child were to use these, would the color from the page rub all over their hand, sleeve, etc?
does each pencil have a wrapping (plastic) around it to protect hands from the color (and to give a little bit of protection from breakage)?
How do you sharpen? Standard pencil sharpener or do you need a special one?
Are your Koh-I-Noor pencils getting too short to use comfortably? Get a "Kohinoor 1098 Pencil Lengthener" (extender), available on Amazon.
are they oily like Prismacolor or Chalk-Pastel?
are there 24 different colors or 2 sets of 12?
I'm looking for a paint that will cover clay and it give the appearance of actual silver. I'm making a jewelry piece. How realistic is the metal look?
Would this work on a metal file cabinet if I sand it first? This has to be easier than contact faux stainless contact paper.
Can I coat copper rings that were shiny silver until the silver disappeared? Will it shine?
Will this paint work well on glass? I want to paint some wine bottles silver for table decorations.
can you put magnets on surface paint?
Once sealed, would this work as a stove backsplash color, in terms of metallic look, and heat resistance. It will receive the warmth of the stove.
can I use this paint on metal door hinges? And what kind of brush works best
I have a metalic (silver/white) wallpaper. Can this paint be applied over this surface which has a slight texture?
Did anyone coat plastic? If yes, how durable is the finish? We ended with dark frame medicine cabinet and need to change it. Thank you!
Could you apply Liquid Metal Acrylic paint to room walls?
what is the strength?
Does this come with the applicator tip as shown?
Does this glue grow or expand as it dries?
Will this adhesive stick to itself after it cures?
Does this glue have strength agaist heat such as teapot with hot water inside?
Will this glue work for gluing a smooth plastic phone case to a soft thin leather flap?
is this item sodium carbonate, or sodium hydroxide?
Can this be used after tie dying to help retain the colors? If not, what is suggested? Thank you.
please confirm that this is pure soda ash (aka: Na2CO3 sodium carbonate or washing soda) with no other additives... I need to raise my Pool PH
whats the difference between urea and soda ash?
Is this baking soda? what's the difference?
What is volume ie. cups of package?
Okay I'm just now seeing this product and I'm unclear on its use and how to use it. I held a tie dye event this summer and we washed the shirts and dI
Ellisimo?
I have a Brother Innovus 1500D. It takes SA156 bobbins. Will these fit?
I have a Brother PC6500. Can you use these for general sewing as well as embroidery?
will these fit my baby lock allure plus it takes size 15?
will these work with Brother HE-240
will these work with the singer SEQS6700 futura 4 in 1?
Will these fit the Brother Dreammaker?
bobbin size: I have a Babylock Ellisimo, this is the size I need correct?
Will this work on my Brother Quattro? I'm so confused by L bobbins, A bobbins, 15 bobbins - I need help! Thanks.
what size are buttons?
What is the diameter on these?
No-sew buttons/studs are cheap, but I don't want to wreck my 100% polyester (microfiber) jacket, which keeps losing buttons. Will any brand wreck it?
are there visible holes if the buttons are removed?
What colors are the buttons? They look mostly brass colored.
Are these metal? First generation maybe metal and 2nd generation plastic?
where is this product made, please?
can you do detail art work on dried ceramic projects?
I would like to etch out my name on the back of an iPad. Is this tool suitable for the job without vibrating the insides of the iPad?
Will this engrave steel?
Can this engrave gold tone jewelry?
will it work on coconut shell?
I want to put initials into a wood bench; will this tool work?
Can I use this pen to write on tag gifts?
Is it loud?
Does it work on metal like stainless steel?
is this the 701-1 Logan straight cutting tool
Is the base metal or plastic?
Can this cutter be used to replace a cutter for a matt cutter
Can this cutter be used for making deeper (1/2") cuts (with a larger blade, of course)?
This straight cutter serves for use with "Logan Graphic Products, Inc. Adapt-a-Rule Cutting Guides 24 in.
Can I use a steel ruler as the guide on the board and run this next to it?
How deep Tthick) can it cut?
Does this work with the 301S guides?
Is this product suitable for cutting 3/16" thick foam board?
Can I use this with the Logan Compact Classic Matt Cutter Model 301? Or do I need to buy a separate adapter to use it with the guides on the 301?
Does it overheat easily?
is this 220v or 110v
what is the weight of the compressor/machine?
Would this system work with airbrush cosmetics?
What are the dimensions on the package?
hi, does the compressor have a tank? Does it shut off and on according to psi? or stay on? thanks!
voltage?
please these kit compressor is ready for using or need one tank for using?
does it come with an air filter
Does it have a moisture control filter on it?
How loud is the mini compressor? For example, on a scale of electric toothbrush to hair blowdryer on high? Thanks.
After each use, how do you clean it?
why this product is too cheap? it is good product? can be use for different client?
can i used it with other kind of paint, with acrilic or cars paint for example
Does the package ASIN: B004PJLU4M include an Air Filter
What cosmetics can be used with this machine?
Do you think this fabric would be suitable to be used on a valance?
If I order 1 yard I will get 3' by 56" correct?
If I order a quantity of 8 will it come in a total of a 8 yard length? It will not be cut up into yard pieces, correct?
what is the fabric width? 36 45 or 60?
Is the sheen matte or shiny like satin taffeta?
Would this work to make a Robin Thiicke suit replica?
54" long but how wide?
I am needing canvas to make a hammack will this work?
whats the width?
Is it a 100 persent polyester?
The description says 4.5" stripes but the photo shows 2.25" stripes. Which is correct. I need 4.5" repeat and I don't want to order wrong size.
Is it black and white or black and cream?
I want to make table runners with this fabric - would the stripes go longways down the table or shortways?
What is the width of the fabric?
would this foot fit my singer simple sewing machine?
Will this work with Viking 500?
will this foot fit a jenome model 525s
Will this foot work with my Pfaff Expression 4.2?
I have a vintage Singer 15 treadle. Can this be use for free motion quilting?
Will this fit my Viking Sapphire 835?
Will this foot work on my Janome 2160DC machine?
Is there any pressure under this foot so that the stiches are even like a regular foot or do you just have to have a steady hand?
I have a Singer 132Q feather weight will it fit my machine??
Would this work with a Brother 2003D ULT?
Is this what you need for the We R Memory Keepers credit card thin dies? (polar bear die) These silly sandwiches are so confusing.
I have just purchased the Big Shot. Do I need this for the Sizzix Thinlits?
I have a Sizzix Big Kick Vintaj machine. Will this adapter cut wafer thin dies cleanly? Using shims to get a clean cut takes lots of trial &amp; error.
Has this product been replaced with the multi purpose platform 658992?
Has anyone used this adapter with PaperTrey Ink dies? The recommended "sandwich" is too short to even reach the rollers in the BigKick.
I have a Cuttle bug and Epic6 do I need this?
Is this necessary if I already have the extended multipurpose platform (which has a tab for thin dies included)? thanks
Does this work with the original Sizzix machine? the big red one?
The product description says this is for use with the Solo Platform &amp; Shim. I have a Bigkick platform and cutting pads. Do I need a shim too?
From where do you ship? I will be moving soon and need to be able to calculate whether I can order now or wait until I am at my new address. Thanks.
I would like to cut these sheets in half for short candles, is this good/bad idea?
Can I add scents to these candles? If so, how?
how thick is a candle if one sheet is used
Is it possible to colour these candles? What kind of paint would work, acrylic maybe?
I have a small alteration business. How is this on hemming men's pants. Would you use cotton and clear thread on this machine? Thanks Mary from Roanok
Does this machine vibrate much? I just bought it and am trying to figure out where I will put it since I won't use it everyday.
Is this made in China or USA?
This product description include a photo of an iron. Is this listing for a blind hemmer or an iron?
What type of needles does this use?
I have this machine but the pedal foot is broken Do you sell this?
Where is this machine made?
hi will this fit Brother SE400? thank u
Does this foot work on a Singer Quantum Stylist 9960? Thank you!!
does it work on Singers? I have a very basic Singer, but other distinctive feet work on it.
Will it fit a Bernina 1130?
He240
does it work on brother cs6000i?
Does anyone with a Janome qs2250 or similar machine use this foot? Many Janome and Brother machines have interchangeable parts so im hoping this will fit.
does it work on a brotherLB-6800PRw
Would this and the low shank snap on pieces fit on Singer 9410?
Is there a way to adjust how much fabric feeds into the ruffle, if so how many setting variations are there?
I have several small chips in my kitchen floor tile. How much does a bottle cover?
can I use it for bathtub?
I want to try glueing my white laminate cupboards and some of the laminate has chipped. What kind of gloss is this paint?
I just bought 2 bottles of white but it's "too white" on my white tile. What color would I buy to mix (or replace) with it and make it "off white"?
Can this be used on a hairline crack in a sink?
Can I use this product for painting my whole cultured marble sink?
Have you used this on white ceramic tile? I am wondering if the white is too glossy for them. Can you tell me?
Can I use it for porcelain plates ?
Hi, Have multi-colored figural lamps that need work on chips, filling in glue lines, etc.....a real project! In your opinion will this product work?
Would this seal up a small crack on the ceramic pot of a crock pot?
Will it fit my babylock symphony machine?
Can you use a zig zag stitch with this foot?
Will this fit a Singer Heavy Duty 4432?
does this fit a singer quantum stylist 9960?
can you use it on brother XL 6452
Would this fit a Kenmore sewing machine?
Will it fit my Singer Fashion mate 248?
will it fit shark brand?
is the adapter that comes with this screw on?
so although their plastic do you think ill be able to make earrings out of these buttons???
How buttons are in the pack?
How many bottons are in the package?
Are they plastic or metal?
Are these the same ones as those recommended and sold by the Zentangle inventors? If so, what is the brush for? The ink dries too quickly to brush.
are all of these pens black in this set?
Why isn't the fact that these sets have graduated tip widths put in the product description?
does these pencils work on leather and are they water resistant? Thank you!
Can these be used to write on and outline on dried acrylic paint?
Is the tip strong because I have a different one but the tip broke
Will these pens feather/bleed on wood? Making clothespin dolls and need a marker or pen to add tiny facial details.
I am not very happy with these pens after I bought them. Perhaps I am not storing them correctly. Should they be stored standing or laying down? The 01 pen leaked and along with the 02, will not write. The 005 pen stopped writing but now is writing...
Can these be used on fabric (Spandex) and also washed (by hand of course)
This set would qualify for free shipping?
Is 5" by 7" the folded size or is the card itself (unfolded) 5"x7"? Thanks.
Are these 5 1/4 by 7 1/4 inch or are they exactly 5 by 7"?
How well do photos print on this?
Can this weight be used in a standard home printer ?
25 sheets? I didn't know that you could actually buy this new/unused. I always try to recycle when I get something that has pieces of acetate.
Can this be cut into strips and used in card making?
Will this work for waterproofing maps? I think we used this for waterproofing maps and marking on them in the army but can't remember
where is teh company based in? are you in the US since i need it within the week!
can you print on this with a laser jet and not have it smear?
Is the count.. 132 total, or 132 per bundle? Unfortunately, the photo is just too small for me to read the label.
Will these fit into thin pipes?
Are these gray??
Are they 2mm or 3mm thin?
How long are they?
The title says "Soft", but the product description says these are the hard bristle kind. Which is it?
will these work to clean the ga tube of an ar 15
Are these 100% cotton?
where is this company out of? I ordered some cotton swabs that ended up being out of china and never received them
what the pro and con and difference between the creatopia and the xyron 1200?
One more question. I don't see refills for one side laminate and the other side adhesive. Can you do that with the creatopia
What is the weight of the Xyron Creatopia machine?
Can embossing folders purchased from anyone be used in this machine or does it only use the ones produced by Xyron?
Can you print on this product with a laser printer?
Does the "sticky" part also wash off of the fabric? I want to use this in a Cricut cutting machine to cut out pattern pieces with no sticky residue.
If you do not have a design that fills the page, can you use the leftover again or do you have to throw away leftover?
Would this be ok for machined applique for quilting?
How long do you have to soak the fabric after finishing the embroidery? I want to use it to transfer faces for stuffed animals onto felt.
Is this easy to hand quilt through
Will this work on pumpkins for carving designs?
i bought this item it dulled all of my blades what am i doing wrong?
Will this unit sharpen Olfa and Fiskar blades as they have different center holes?
Will it remove the flaw from hitting a pin?
do/s this sharpen philips and norelco shavers
I noticed in the reviews that some are talking about TrueSharp brand sharpener and some are about TrueCut. Which works best?
does sharpener come with a warranty from seller?
Where can I purchase the oil and the replacement stones? Great product.
Do the blades need to be turned over?
Where can I purchase the oil and the replacement stones? Great product.
I cannot get this to sharpen the 60 mm blades - just does short spurts and stops I placed it per instructions - what is wrong?
Does the rod lay flat against the wall, or can you pull it out from the wall, to look at the front and back of a quilt...?
Does this rod have a magnetic hanging clip?
the quilt doesn't have loops. how do I hang the quilt?
How well does the machine handle heavier fabrics (canvas, upholstery fabric, etc.) for home decor projects?
what is the return policy for this item?
What is the size of the throat for quilting?
I am fairly new at sewing and want to buy the best machine that will not be too complicated to use. Could this be the machine I am looking for. Reading very bad reviews. Please help
How many feed dogs does this machine have?
why is the bobbin area making a clacking noise when sewing
LCD screen on Singer 9960 is very dim. UPDATE- problem solved; it was the light/dark wheel by the thread holder. Thanks.
does the bobbin jam?
How long have you owned this machine - trouble free? I am considering it, but after seeing several for parts/not working on Ebay I'm not sure.
Does it have an automatic bobbin winder?
will this work on the Baby Lock Ellisimo (BLSO) machine?
does this work with brother PE 750 D
will it fit innovis ie
will this work on Brother PE700?
will this work onthe brother 6700D?
The bbins that work on my machine are basically flat on my side and slightly concave on the other. Can you tell me if these have the concave side?
I have a very old Viking sewing machine 400 computer. I need bobbins what kind so I buy?
Do these bobbin fit Husqvarna 415/
I need to know if these bobbins have a bigger hole on one side then the other? have a viking 1100
Viking #1 bobbins: Are these bobbins concave on one side?
If i am making a small stamp and i reuse the other part of the gel pad? or can i cut the gel pad in 1/2 before hand ?
What are the dimensions of the largest stamp I can make with this kit? Thank you!
Canadian Shipping: Will you ship this item to Canada?
is the front of this display hinged so you can open it?
I want to make a shadowbox to display the sand collected from various travels around the world. Would this be a good box to do that?
I want to display something that is 1 and 3/4 inches in depth. Will the lid close completely with my product inside?
On the Large keeper it states Acid Free? Is this Extra Large Acid free?
What is the difference between the large and extra large? They both have the same dimensions and same number of inner cases (16).
Does each case have an index tab so when I open the box, I can see what type pictures I stored in each case?
Is it two cases or one?
Is this a set of 2 cases? It shows 2 in the main photo for the advertisement....
I am looking for something to store garden seed packets . Would this work?
What are the dimensions?
Do photos stick together in these boxes without having something placed between them?
What is the layout? The image looks 6x4 (horizontal/landscape-orientation photos) however the description says 4x6 which implies vertical/portrait?
What is the best size album to use with these? Will the 12x12 work without the photo pages sticking out, or do I need the 15x13 album?
Is this compatible with a standard scrapbook? If not do you have something like this that is?
Where is the opening for the photos? One person said the side someone else said on the top? Are there openings on both sides?
can you mount some 4x6 photos that are verticle and some horizontal?
In order to get 12 pictures on each page do I need to insert them back to back on the same side, or does each side of the page have its own opening?
Are the slits for inserting the photos on the topside of the pockets 6" edge - OR- on the side of the pockets 4" edge?? this matters... thanks.
What is the actual size of the sleeve protector? I'm guessing it's a little wider than 12 inches with the holes for the 3 rings.
Are the pages double-sided? Meaning, can you put 6 pictures on each SIDE of the sheet, 12 pictures total per sheet?
How many sheets come in a pack?
Will they fit my Brother SE425 machine.
will this fit the baby lock Sofia 2 machine
can I know the size of the hoop , and my machine is brother NV 950, can it fit to mine?
can you applique with these hoops
What are the sizes of these hoops?
would these bee good to use to decorate college graduation caps?
Will the paint work on dark fabrics? I'm hoping to paint a black shirt
Will these work well on suede pants?
are these good to use on silk painting
Please list the colors in this pack? I am looking for white. Thanks.
Hi. Is this product washable, if it accidentally lands on the wrong clothes, or leather goods?
what size batteries does it take?
does it have an ac adapter?
how do you get the bobbin to connect to the thread? Instructions do now match how it works.
Does it do reverse stitching? Thanks.
I need a belt replacement for Taurus 3, are they available
Do you ship to the UK?
can this be used for polymer clay projects . some projects i have to bake it in oven so can i use this for baking polymer clay
Is this mold hallow on the back side, can I use it for terracotta clay earrings to make the same semicircle molds.
What is the size of the largest dome?
Has anyone used this mold for resin? I'm looking for a very small half-dome and this appears to be a size I'd like. Thank you.
How do you use it? Is it iron-on?
I am doing hand embroidery I wish to frame as a wall hanging when finished. What kind of backing do I need when embroidering?
I have tried this 3 times and it is shredding under the hoop and stalling the design. The feet are down. Why is the stabilizer shredding?
I need a stabilizer that an hold up to heavy machine embroidery and design embroidery
does this work well with the Brother LB6800PRW Project Runway Sewing/Embroidery Machine?
Amazon is recommending that I buy this with my new sewing machine. I am a brand new beginner. Can someone tell me what I may need this for?
What's the difference between "backing" and regular stabilizers?
is this the stabilizer good for cardstock? i plan on embroidering in my scrapbook layouts and cards but wasn't sure if this is the stabilizer to buy
Do you honestly need stabilizer when embroidering?
I'm new to embroidering. Will these work for monogramming?
Are replacements available for both the Size 8 bamboo needle and 36 " swiveling cord?
What material is the cord made from? Is it plastic?
The 16" cable, does it refer to the length of the cable itself or the length of the cable plus the needles?
Can I buy a 16" interchangeable cord and size 5 needle to replace one that I lost?
Has anyone had problems with the needles coming unscrewed from the cables while knitting? I am concerned as this was a complaint on the Joannes site.
Are you able to use these needles as a single point if I wanted too instead of just circular or double pointed?
Are you able to use these needles as a single point if I wanted too instead of just circular or double pointed?
Some reviewers make reference to the cord swivel, but the product description makes no mention of this.
Is the size labeled on each needle?
Is it possible to get replacement tips?
What is the difference between Pebeo 150 and Pebeo 160? Is one more for China/Porcelaine and the other for regular ceramics? or is it the finished look of the paint?
this is described as bullet tip. I am looking for an extremely fine tip. Is this a 'bullet'?
are these paints dishwasher proof? food safe?
Do you need to bake these to set it?
If I store the pens in a dry place with the caps on, how long will they last? Do they dry up?
Do they dry out quickly? Will I be able to reuse them at Christmas time again (9 mo.)?
Has anybody used these in a dishwasher? If so what were the results? Thanks.
Get these paints be used on corelle ware plates
Is the Pebeo 9 pack enough to finish an actual pattern on a plate or do you need to buy individually
Are these in any way washable? I want to use at a kids party, but dont want to cause too much mess...
Can you set blade stop points?
Can you cut multiple openings in a mat board with this machine?
Can this be used to cut foam board? If yes, how thick a foam board can it cut?
Can I have a quote for the Logan 401-1 Artist Elite Mat Cutter to be shipped to an address in Australind Western Australia in Aus$.
Has anyone been able to comfortably make a 5" wide border?
ok, if I want to make a very very large matt (say, 2 yards x 1foot) can I use this?
How easy is this to set up for multiple same-size cuts? Also, any difference from the 350 other than size?
Can you cut the thicker 8-ply mat boards with this?
CAN IT CUT DOWN A 32X40 INCH MAT
Will this cut corrugated plastic sheets?
How wide is this fabric?
What are the real colors in this fabric? Are the flowers orange or red? Description says there's yellow also but picture does not show.
Is this sold as a single yard only? Can you get a length that is multiple yards long?
Someone said this was orange, not red, correct? Boo to that.
What type of fabric is it? Cotton? Knit?
9.48 for each yard of length and 44" of width? If I want to buy to make clothes, need 2.5 yards, how to order?
What is the seam width?
how much fabric do you get for $9.20
Is the star at top empty so that we can put our own mane on it?
Why does the (diagonally)18 inch stocking measure only 12' by 9' by 2'? Seems rather small?
how can I get instructions for my christmas stocking I misplaced the directions I worked on it but then lost the paper with the directions how can I get the directions?
I did not get any needles with the kit.
What type of stich is required for this design?
Is the majority of the stocking done in wool yarn---NOT floss?
is the design preprinted on the canvas
Listing for Dimensions needlepoint Snowman and Friends kit lists a felt appliqu&Atilde;&copy; tree stocking kit. Pls verify I'll receive snowman kit if I order.
What are the dimensions of this stocking?
is the design pre-printed on the canvas?
Is this kit mostly wool or cotton?
Is it okay to dye in the washing machine?
The Jacquard kit will die approximately how many tshirts?
Has anyone used this product on a slipcover?
Are these powder or liquid?
can this be used on burlap?
I just bought two of these sets for a tie dye party. What colors can we make using these 4 powders?
How colorfast is this dye? Can the resulting fabric/clothes be washed with warm water?
hello I just placed an order fo 8 kits that we need for this Satuday July 5th - I hope you can ship them in time - THANKYOU
What colors can you make using this set?
Some Sizzix dies are too thick to work in my Grand Caliber machine. I need to know if this die does work in the G.C.? Thanks! C.C.
can this die be used in the spellbinders machine?
What are the sizes of hearts?
Would this work in the Cuttlebug machine?
How do I emboss (not cut) a custom name on cardstock using this on a cuttlebug?
Hi can you use this die in the eBosser or Grand Caliber machines?
Does this die cut felt? And what's the size of the alphabets in inches?
What size is the cut out letter?
Do these bleed through, as on marking a biblical page in a bible or such?
Does this set really have two blacks and two blues?
Can use on fabric?
Is there a brown in this pack?
Could you list out the name of the colors included in the pack, please?
The pink pen is it a soft pink or a dark pink/shocking pink?
All are 0.03mm fine&#xFF08;thin&#xFF09;&#xFF1F;
It says .03mm in the product name, but in the details it says 0.33mm, so which is it?
Do you need the extended cutting pads for the Big Shot in order to use this die?
Is it compatible with the Cuttlebug machine ?
What size is the box when assembled?
Do you ship to Greece and if yes, how much will it cost?
do you think these would work on a canvas tote bag?
Is this item similar to mica powder?
You have two sets listed, Romance and Carnivale - both have the exact same colors listed in the product description. Is that right?
How big is the space between pegs? I have both the Knifty Knitter and the KB Knitting Board. How does the spacing on MS compare to these?
I'm looking for activities to keep my 92 year-old mother engaged. Is this knitting loom a good option? Are there better options?
I have the knit and weave loom. I am trying to make the woven baby blanket but the weaving tool just isnt long enough to go from one env to the other
how much and what type yarn would be needed to make an adult scarf?
Why do 30% of pins pop out while knitting how to fix problem?
Has anyone successfully made socks with this kit with fine yarns?
I have the knit and weave loom. I am trying to make the woven baby blanket but the weaving tool just isnt long enough to go from one env to the other
I brought the Martha Stewat loom and lots of my pegs don't fit. I really like it so what do i do?
Can this be configured to make a 48 peg round loom similar to the old 48 peg knifty knitter?
Does anyone know where to get a better weaving tool (the long, thin, white, crochet hook-looking thing)? I love this loom but that hook is not great.
I've heard that these multi needle tools are best suited to flat appliqu&eacute;s but can this also be used for 3d felting?
Are the needles in this tool refillable if broken?
Can it be used with just 2 or 3 needles?
I want to know if is the needle of is something else, because it says: "Kaisercraft - Ribbon Roses" and I want the multi needle felting tool
Are the needles in multi needle tool in a round pattern or a straight pattern?
Do these come with needles?
What is the age group?
How many ornaments in package?
Can you use this die with the accuquilt go cutter?
What size circles are included?
Are these thicker than Framelits? Could they cut thick but easily-cut material such as foam or gel?
This might seem like a strange question - but how to you get the dies out of the box it comes it? I've tried pulling, pushing, prying, nothing gives.
Does the die have two full butterflies? I purchased 657121 and it had one full butterfly and one half one with the design on.
Is there two butterflies in this die?
Does this die make two butterflies or one butterfly and one half butterfly? Apparently, there are two versions and I want to get the one which has two butterflies. Can anyone help please?
Will this work on a mac?
Does this program save files into the .pes format for brother sewing/embroidery machines?
will this program allow me to combine letters into actual words? Also will it save files into the ART format?
is this program for windows 8?
Will edit n stitch merge a 3 letter monogram for me 2 sew out?
what are the dimensions?
Does this tote have a handle on the top flap?
Is it carryon size? I'm a flight attendant looking for a cheaper tote than the options under the luggage section!
Can this be used as a makeup train case?
Will a standard sewing machine fit in the tote?
I'm sorry, one more question. I want to be able to fit my watercolor palette inside and it MUST lay flat; its dimensions are 10"x13".
How many wheels are there, two or four?
what are the dimensions of the inside of the main large storage space?
How much does the case weigh? Thanks!
what are the dimensions?
Do you send a certificate of lead free or the package show that ? Because I am trying to sell hair flowers but the store owner is asking me for that.
How big is it
Do these have a flat top or curved? The photo shows flat, but a number of the purchasers say they got curved clips. I really need the flat kind.
do these work for hair clips for a baby's hair?
How long, wide and thick is it?
There are three palettes in the image. Is it curved or a rectangle?
Is the underside tinted off white?
Is this a 50 count pack or 50 pieces? Description not very clear as to the amount.
how do you attach the male end to the strap?
how much weight can these hold?
I couldn't figure out how to attach the webbing to the female end. Do you have any instruction or picture to guide us? Thanks
do you carry these in white and will they work with the polypro webbing to hold on boat seat covers?
Hi. Do you have YKK buckle LB38X? 1000 unids Shipp in Brazil? Thank's
I have a military rucksack for camping and heavy use. Will these be strong enough? will they take a beating?
I'm trying to make little "tool belts" for kids. Are these good to use as the belt portion and can I make them adjustable? If so, how?
Does it work on bicycle helmets
Would this case be good for an arrowhead collection?
How do you attach the medals in the display?
What are the dimensions of this display case
size?
do you need to use this pen in a well ventilated area? are there warnings on fumes? thx..
Is this a 12 pack of pens? Someone stated there were only 2..
how does it work with gluing small rhinestones to card s tock for hand-made cards?
is this the 2mm tip
Would you recommend this for creating very fine lines of glitter?
How much glue does this applicator hold? How long does it last? Is it refillable?
Same here, hoping to hear how large each number is. Hello? Anyone?
size of the numbers?
jWhat is the size of each stamp? I need something no bigger than 1/2 inch. Thanks.
Size of the stamped image: Hello, could you post the approximate height of the number images in this stamp set?
I see that the spool is 1000 meters worth of thread. How many cm /inches tall is the actual spool itself? Just curious
the sewing needle
Can this thread be used in a Brother Sewing and Embroidery machine?
is this just the thread? or is the rack included?
do they last long ?
Why buy these instead of markers half the price? Serious question. What makes them worth it?
what colors are they ?(be specific)
Do they post to Australia?
Are the tips similar to a calligraphy point? Do they do thin and thick points? Why are these branded markers so expensive?
Is the price for all 5 boxes or for 1 box?
description says (Alcohol-based ink), can we send this type of colors out of US? trough shipping companies like (Aramex, Fedex, Dhl...etc)?
Can u please list the numbers to all these colors or names. Tanks!!!
What are the color numbers and names of the markers in this set
Will these bobbins work on a Singer 603?
DO these bobbins split like the 750 Golden ouch and Sew originals?
These bobbins say they fit the 1425 and 640 machines. but my other order said they fit and they're wrong. Which bobbins really work in 1425 &amp; 640?
Do these bobbins fit the 746 touch and sew
does it fit a 1425 old singer sewing machine
Do these bobbins unscrew so that you can remove the thread without having to unwind the bobbin?
Will these bobbins fit into my singer athena 2000?
Do these bobbins fit the 750 Golden Touch and sew
Do they work on Touch n Sew Deluxe Zig-zag Model 628? My machine is old but I love it!!!
I need a similar bobbin for a Futura II [1970's] that has a black line. I bought these once as they have an X on the bottom but don't fit.
Can you list the colors please
Product Image is of 5 markers and 1 multiliner pen, Not 6 Markers. Can you list the color codes (N1, N2, etc.)?
Does the ink "bleed" through normal paper to stain the next side in a notebook or on the table below?
I wanna buy 2 sets, can you ship to Taiwan(Asia) ?
how does the refil works on these markers?
Can you ship to Egypt? if yes then pls modify this in the description so i can add it to cart
I do drawings on Dominoes. Since it says these are permanent markers, may I assume that they will work on the melamine-like surface of the dominoes? I currently use Sharpies, but I am looking for options for different shades of grey (as well as...
Thanks for the response, but even in the website address you gave me, i got "manufacture restrictions" on shipping to Brazil. Any other solution?
Do you not ship to Australia everytime I try and buy this set of copic markers from you it says there is something wrong with my postal adress??
My resin casts dried nicely and are hard, aren't sticky in touch, but sticks a little to the flat surfaces. Why? I mixed it 1 to 1.
Is this food safe? Could it be used on a cutting board?
I've been meaning to make my own custom design of a clear Jason Vorhess mask, will this work on it?
I want to glue corks to a plywood base and pour this over for a countertop. will this work? and if so, how do I determine how much I need to buy?
I wanted to encapsulate objects into glass bowls with the resin. Since heat is produced during the curing process, is it safe to use in glass?
What is the working pot life of a batch?
How transparent is it when its completely set. For example can you easily see through it or see objects inside it?
Will this work for larger casts? Thinking a tray 40 x 40 inches and 1 inch deep.
Can this be used to seal a table top? I ant to make a 3D table with paint and layers of resin.
I want to pour the whole 1 gal of resin into an acrylic tube. Is that ok or do I need to do in smaller batches? The tube will remain
Can you embroider a whole name on like a baby blanket, like the first and middle name and have the first name on top of the middle name below the first? All the letters of the first name and all the letters of the middle name?
what does multihoop capability mean
Can you use the large hoop horizontally as well as vertically? If not, can designs be rotated 90 degrees with the included software?
can I quilt with this machine
does this come with the extra software. hyper font, auto punch, etc
Can you buy embroidery stitches to load in? (Not embroidery designs) I use the stitches for Crazy Quilts and want a nice selection.
Can you use the embroidery feature without having to be connected to the machine?
what software comes on the machine?
Do I need a soft wear to make a design bigger
embroidery unit upper thread breaking. Recommended tension and also, thread weight and needle gauge for heavy material?
Pic shows the foot and the shank adapter, does it include both or just the snap on foot only? If not, pic is misleading as to what buyer would get.
Will this fit a Janome 3125? It is a snap-on foot.
Will this fit Janome 3160 QDC?
Will this fit a Singer 7258? Thanks
will this fit singer#7442?
will this fit my Husqvarna LILY 550 MACHINE
Will this foot fit the Singer CG590?
Does this fit Brothers SE 400
will this fit kenmore model 385.18830
Will this fit White sewing machine 2037
Has anyone used these with a brother sewing machine?
these needles it&uml;s flat side&iquest;
do they work on 404 singer? very old machine but works great
can they be used for embroidery?
Maybe this is a silly question but I am having a very hard time threading my sewing machine needle. Are the holes on these big?
where are manufactured these singer needles?
Will these fit in a kenmore sewing machine?
Do universal needles work on a kenmore that is threaded from front to back, not side?
Good morning. Are you selling 1 package of 10 needles or 10 package of 10 needles? I'm not clear. Thanks
do these work for kenmore sewing machine model 385.15202,15408?
are stitch length and width adjustable?
How many rubber feet are on the bottom? mine has only 3 and I think it used to have 4 because it is wobbly but I cannot see where another one attached
Hi if I buy this Janome JEM Platinum 720 Sewing Machine on Amazon, does it come with a Sewing Machine cover, or I need to buy one separately?
Can you do twin needle sewing with this machine?
Is it made of plastic or metal?
What kind of voltage does the machine use? I live in the UAE and we are on 220 with a 3 pin system (but can use an adapter)
What comes with this machine ??
Will this machine sew through duck cloth and denim?
Will this work with a Brother SE400 and when I create the Monogram, do I save it to the computer, or connect the usb and monogram from the program
Does this work with a brother pe780 D
the program comes with some fonts. Can you load fonts from your computer file to this program or are you limited to fonts that come with the program?
what size is the largest that you can create with this program? can it create letters 6 or 7 inches high?
Will it work with a Singer Futura machine?
Does it work with Apple computers?
Is this software compatible with a Pfaff Sewing with a PC?
I would like to re-frase my original question: I want to know of all the designs on the program, how many are larger than 4 X 4 (which means I won't be able to use them with Brother SE400)?
does this work on a brother PE-770? and can i down load from my HP computer to a USB port?
Does it work for pasteling models? Can it handle pastel dust?
What size is the exhaust hose? Asking because I would need to extend it to reach the window in my shop area.
can you hook more then on of these together for large scale military ships? if so how many can you add??
What is the max weight of an item that can be but on the turn table?
Is the power supply for this unit will it operate on 110 50/60 Hz ???
Is it ok to use with 220 voltage ?
Can you fit !/144 airliners?
Can you attach to of the units together for a larger spray area?
What are the overall dimensions of the unit?
Will the extractor operate on 240 volts? That is our power supply in New Zealand.
what size are the beads?
Do these detect UVA rays indoors, or do they only work outdoors?
Do they have designated colors or do they change color depending on the amount of UV absorbed?
will this work with the wacom bamboo feel pen or the motion computing pens?
Do these nibs work with the Bamboo Create Pen &amp; Touch? A: Thank you guys! They do work nicely, I look forward to drawing with them~! :D
Will these (the nib set) work with Wacom Intros Pen &amp; Touch Medium Tablet?
Does this work with Toshiba Encore 2 Wacom pen?
How can I find a nib compatible for my Wacom Bamboo CTH-670? Will any CTH nib work?
Does this work for CTL471
Do these work for the wacom Intuos GD models?
Do these nibs work with the Microsoft Surface Pro pen?
Is there any way to buy the felt nibs by themselves? Either here or elsewhere.
Do these nibs work for the Bamboo Fun? Or only newer models?
is lily sugar'n cream yarn a 4 ply. if not what ply is it... thank you
It says the cone weights 14 oz, but shipping wt is 7 oz. So what was the weight of the cone you ordered &amp; received?
How many cones come with a purchase?
is it good for a blanket?
We all know a cone weighs 14 oz. So why is the shipping weight only 7 oz.? Something is fishy here!
how many yards?
Hi. Can you please tell me what the colors are, and whether black is one of them? Thank you, Lynne
What does the "memory system" in these Zig caligraphy makers do or provide?
Can I purchase a calligraphy marker with PERMANENT black ink?
could this write on jenga pieces or wood
Do these bleed through pages of, say a bible?
Will these come to me dry? and if so, how many gallons will this make? I really need to know before I order these.
How long do the water beads stay inflated?
Can you color them?
if you put food coloring in the water will it color the beads
I just bought pearl beeds that are suppost to float in a vase filled with water is this the TRANSPARENT GEL they need to float would these work for me
Can I use this in place of potting soil?
Can I use this item and still able to fill the vase with water for a floating candle ?
Can you use this for neck coolers?
do they grow in water?
do they grow in water?
The heading says it is 15 feet, but one of the bullets underneath says it measures 3/4 inches by 5 feet. Which is it, 15 or 5?
What face is self adhesive, hook or loop?
How strong is the adhesive? I need to be able to pull it apart daily for long periods of time. Stuck on wood and poly sheets.
Will it leave any damage to the surface if I decidede to remove or reposition it?
can i use it to attach a curtain valance
can i use fabric glue to fasten the sticky side of the velcro to fleece? will that hold up in a washing machine?
description says 5 feet the title says 15. which is it?
Is the back sticky?
How many Starfish per package?
how are these harvested? are they any starfish left in the ocean??
do the starfishes go bad eventually?
Starfish: I wanted to know approx how many &amp; what size range these starfish are??
How big are these shells?
How are they harvested? Are they shells that are found washed up on the beach or are they 'farmed' and the animal killed for the shell?
How many in an order?
how many shells do you get?
I am shopping for a serger, I need the easiest one I can purchase. I dont do alot of sewing just getting back into after retirement Thanks
does this serger does flatlock?
Does this machine have dual needles?
What does by the Each mean? Is iti a company?
Does this have a 3 prong power cord/foot pedal and how much are they if purchased separately?
where is it made?
how to thread my lock 634D serger by Janome
Will this serger do flatlock stitching?
is it 120V 60/50Hz or just 60Hz?
Does it have cover stitch?
does it do rolled hems?
Does this come with an automatic bobbin threader?
Would this be a good machine to do hemming of pants? Thats all I need it for. For hemming dress pants and jeans.
does this machine have a reverse stitch
Does it have metal or plastic parts?
Is this machine good for very young sewers? I have an eight year old granddaughter that wants to start sewing.
How big it this machine??
what comes in the box?
does it hem jeans well?
Is this good for Upholstery fabric?
how much does this weigh
how many cans would it take to paint a large, medium brown, microfiber sectional
how many cans would it take to do a loveseat?
how many cans will I have to have to paint a loveseat gray microfiber?
can you change the color of a sofa to this color? for example I have a gray sofa can it be changed to brown?
I need to use this on microfiber; it will probably work but is the spray a stream, or spray, or mist?
Are you able to put earrings on her?
May you please tell me where I can purchase this exact wig and outfits from? Thank you.
Are the legs smooth for stocking display? The stand up mannequins have a hole for stand upon one leg??
How quick is the shipping after order is placed???
does this mannequin wear high heel shoes and what size are they???
how long is she when shes laying down? (from the tows to the tip of the fingers,the longest part you can measure?)
Is 15 yard continuous or it cames cut, if it is how many cuts and what is the biggest cut? and if it is, does it comes with the same color?
Is this fabric pre washed? Is it suitable for upholstering a sectional sofa? Will the indigo bleed? Thanks you!
Is the 1.3 pounds shipping weight correct? 15 yards of 12-13 oz fabric has to weigh more than that. I figure approx 18.5 pounds for 12 oz fabric.
Is the light truly like natural light from a window or does it reflect blue, or even something warmer?
I will occasionally need the magnifier. Can I just use the light? Or do I have to use both at the same time?
How tall is it when used as a floor lamp?
I need to get a replacement AC/DC adapter. What kind do I need and where can I purchase one?
I don't see a cord, how is it powered, electric or battery?
Hi, I like this magnifying lamp, can I use it in South America, I mean with 220V, I gues with a converter shouldn't be a problem, right?
What are tne measurements, length and width, of the base?
what about replacement bulbs? Where can I buy &amp; how much?
Where do you purchase replacement bulbs?
Are these 1100 yd spools or is the set a total of 1100 ysrds? On the Brother PE770D what is the recommended tension setting.
I ordered the metallic thread and have lost the instructions. I can not remember the recomended needle size. What size needles do you use?
Should one use a separate thread stand for this product in addition to the metallic embroidery needle and net?
Can I use this with a brother pe770 embroidery machine? Ty
Has anyone ever used this for machine applique? I'm a newbie and have a regular sewing machine... thanks!
Do these work well on a home six needle embroidery machine?? Do they have a nylon core and are wrapped and not twisted??
How many came in an order?
How many are in a package?
How many cards are in the pack?
how many invitations come is in a pack ?
are the papers thick?
What is the size of this card?
how many come in one pack?
HOW MANY ARE IN PACKAGE?
what are the exact measurements of this tag, thanks
How long is the string? Thanks.
Would a sticker stay on these? Can you write on these with a permanent market?
How big are these tags?
How stiff are they? I want them as permanent tags on baskets.
Are these wood or paper??
Hello, the price is for 12 tags, correct? I need about 125 for a wedding, is that something you can provide
How many tags are there total?
the price include how many? just one?
how many are they in one pack?
What size are they?
Are we purchasing the dies or the doilies. If purchasing the doilies, are they already cut, how many are there?
How many doilies come in the pack?
exactly what size are these envelopes? Lois
Would these be the right size for gift cards?
How many do you get in a package?
How many sets of notecards does it come with?
is this large enough to mail with stamp and return address
how wide is the ribbon?
How many Yards of each are in the roll?
Which color are they exactly? white or ivory? thank you!!
Is this lace sticky on one side, like a lace tape?
is it elastic lace?, I want to use it as headbands for my baby.
what is the lace made of
Know approx dimensions of them....say maybe a large one? Need labels for my 4.5 inch homemade vanilla extract bottles ASAP.
can you use these to tie on a small jar with thin roping
how many labels are in this packet?
how many labels to this particular packet?
Could these labels be used as nametags? Or is the adhesive too strong for clothing? Thank you.
how many macarons can fit in each box? Is there any writing or branding on the box?
are the boxes big enough for cupcakes
how many boxes do you recieve
What is the box size?
How many boxes come in a set?
how many boxes are included in this price?
can it be used on fabric?
How can you punch on all 4 sides of a paper, so the doily edge is seamless on all sides even at the corners?
How large is the punch area? I'm thinking about using this on my wedding placecards but they are only the size of a business card.
Hi, do you ship to Italy?
Does this punch fold up for easy storage?
6 of each? Does that mean 18 total (3 shown on the picture)?
Do they spin with a blow or wind - or do they need to be turned by hand?
What are they made out of?
how many come in the order
need directions to put pin wheels together
After assembling, how big are these? Can they be used as cake toppers or are they too big for that?
How many wheels come in a kit?
How many boxes come with this ? Is ribbon and decale included
How many boxes come in each order?
How sturdy are these boxes? Can you put something about 5-6lbs in them? Thanks!
can i fit a necklace in these?
Can these boxes hold cookies for shipping?
What are the exact dimensions in inches of each box when put together and ready to be filled with something? I have 2" x 2.5" x 2.5" jars I need box.
how many boxes come with this purchase???
how many are there
Which one of these is for sale??
Is it big?
What comes inside the basket?
What size battery does it take? I own one of these but when the batteries died I took them out to take with me to the store to purchase replacements, but I lost them before getting the new ones.
Picture shows 30 and 60 magnifiers but specs say 40 mag which is it? Can this work on insects and flowers? Does it have to have batteries or
Do you think this is too small to start a fire with? (I'm looking for something small with high magnification to start camp fires with.)
Can this loupe read the GIA laser inscription on diamonds?
Does this come with a case or carrying pouch?
Is the color silver or white?
is this metal or plastic
Hello there, do you have 60 in stock? and would there be a discount if I buy the whole lot of 60? Thanks
Do I need a specially designed insert for my Bernina Artista 630E in order to use this cabinet for flat bed sewing? If so, where do I order it?
I would like to know exactly how wide this Gidget LL table is. The space I have to put it in is 36" wide.
Will this table fit a Viking huskylok 906 serger?
How does this table work for the Bernina 780?
Is the top flat or does it have a recess for the sewing machine? Thank you.
How much does this table weigh?
Hi, my machine is 17 1/2" L, 8" W, and 11 1/2" H. Will the machine fit in this opening?
Hi, I have Brother SE400 sewing machine, can I use this table with it?
Will this fit any sewing machine?
Will my genome memory craft 4800 fit the arrow gig
does it quilt and sew heavy fabric like jean denim?
i have a used New Home sewing machine no. 635025418 and need help threading it
can you geet a gathering part
compatible with intuos5 small??
Does this work with the Intuos Small CTL480?
Will these tips work for the Bamboo Create Pen &amp; Touch version CTH-670?
Are they compatible with fujitsu T5000 pen?
Is it compatible with CTL471 (Bamboo Splash)?
do these nibs work with the Bamboo cth 670?
Will it fit Samsung(Wacom) AA-DPONE2B/US pen?
Compatible with CTL-470?
Will these work as a tip for MS Surface Pro 2
Is this nib compatible with airbrush or compact pen by wacom? Thanks.
Can I crimp round crimp beads with this or only tubes?
Isn't this tool too wide to use between the last bead and a finding on the finished end? It looks pretty clumsy.
No matter how much force i use my crimp beads end up moving, how do i get them to not move after i crimp them
What is the third handle for?
How does it do with multiple strands - say 3 to 5 with SoftTouch 014". 5 strands of that diameter wire usually fills a 2x2 crimp.
is this fabric suitable for backing a shadow box frame?
I'd like to use this to line a jewelry box. How thin is this? And will it easily wrap around my cardboard pieces?
would you recommend using this fabric to cover a sofa?
Is this fabric Crushed Velvet or is it true velvet?
Is this a polyester velvet? If not, what is the fabric made of?
What is this Velvet Made From? And if I order Qty 2 by the yard can it be in one piece?
would this work for quilt backing
If I buy 2 yards, will it come in one continuous piece or in two pieces of 1 yard each?
is it strechy
Is the shipping price quoted per yard?
Is this fabric washable ?
I am interested in 6 yards of B00548PJ0E. I want all 6 yards in 1 piece not in 6 pieces.
Is this real velvet, flocking velvet or velveteen?
is this very thick? Would it be suitable for church offering bags?
is this fabric good for embroidery
I would like 30 yards of THIS fabric not B006WVEYH6. The total comes to $84 for fabric and $119.70 for shipping. Can you ship cheaper?
I am ready to order 30 yards of the purple velvet however the shipping still comes up to $120. Please advise how to remedy this before payment. Thanks
Is the purple velvet heavy enough to use to recover a settee?
I am interested in purchasing 30 yards however I believe $120.00 for shipping is a bit high. Can you provide a better price for bulk shipping?
HOW TRUE IS THIS COLOR TO WHAT IS SHOWN ON LINE
If I needed 18-20 YDS would it all come in one piece
would this be good for a cape?
how many yards do I need to make 13 Christmas Stockings?
Is this a washable velvet? Heavy enought for a santa claus suit?
I need 48 yards, do you have this amount available?
What type of fabric is this? Cotton, rayon, polyester, etc?
If you order 3 yards does it come in one piece?
How soon will this ship and what is the anticipated delivery date? I live in Pittsburgh PA 15238.
Is this more of a bright red or burgundy?
Would this red work well as a Xmas red?
What is the depth of the box? Please clarify if it is the outside or inside measurement.
Is this painted in the colors shown or is in unfinished
I have an object (a plaster mask) that is 7.5 inches long x 6 inches wide. Might this object fit in diagonally?
is it enclosed or just an open box?
Does anyone have a final answer on how many are actually included in this price? The reviews are all over the place when it comes to quantity.
why isn't the quantity clearly stated? No one seems to know.
How many really do come in a pack?
What is the width of these letters, i want m and b. Also, you can stick these up on a wall?
Hi, do you ship your paper mache letters internationally? If so, what would the cost be to ship to London, UK? Thanks!
How thick is it? Does it some with a hook or hole for hanging, if not, is it sturdy eough to put a hook on it?
How many are in a pack?
what's the bore (hole) size?
What kind of wood is this? Pine?
How many beads are included??
can I use a matt varnish as a base for acrylic air dry paint ?
this is my first time useing acrylic air dry paint I am doing a touch up will they work well over the heat paint?
Will this paint chip or peel when used to paint the lips on reborn dolls, and do I need to use a sealer on the lips before or after painting them?
do you have to put a sealer on befor you start painting with acrylic air dry paint?
I love these paints ! But how long dose it take to dry for 4-5 layers ?
How long dose it take to dry days weeks months ?
Have a reborn doll I used about two coats of air dry paint how long till dry ?
do you need paint thiners and sealers for acrylic dry paint ?
How long will it take to dry for a top coat ? I put two layers on very thin feels a little sticky used water Matt medium and mixed it with sealer and water layers are very thin have fan going to.
How may I find an air dry tutorial for reborning? I am a brand new doll Artisit, and would like to air dry paint my first reborn. Thank you.
how do I tell what size my zipper slider is? universal #5 means nothing to me
Does this match "YKK"? I need one for a heavy leather jacket - is it easy to replace the one side (like shown here)? My pull fell off.
will this replac 5V?
DOES IT COME WITH A STOP?
Does this zipper fit on a molded plastic zipper?
I need a 5 D zipper pull for a European hoodie, will this work?
Do you think this would fix the problem of my old zipper not pushing the teeth together to zip it up?
Will this fit a 5E? It's really "universal?"
Does this replace the whole zipper pull? My laptop bag lost the entire pull part so the top of the slider is flat. There is no number on the zipper to know what size nylon zipper it is. If this can snap over the old slider it would be perfect
Does this pull come with a zipper stop
How do it work for cakes
Does this come with an Exhaust Extension Hose?
Does anyone know how the Paasche compares to the Master Airbrush&reg; Brand Portable Hobby Airbrush Spray Booth?
What are the dimensions of this item?
Brother bobbins are a little larger than some. Will this case hold bobbins for Brother sewing machines?
How long does it take my order ?
This says it will take a month to ship. Did anyone elses take that long? Or did you receive it early even tho they said a month.
what are the dimensions of this box?
first one i have found ADVERTISED for bumper stickers...how well does it do ?
has anyone used this with a cricut cutting machine?
I would like print (inkjet) a design on it and use as a car bumper sticker. Will this work for that?
can you remove it from the wall and reattach
Will this leave a residue when I pull it off?
Would this type of paper work when trying to use it to create a customized Playstation 3 controller skin?
I have an Epson Artisan Series printer. Would that be able to print on this?
Will it hold up after being run through a dishwasher? I want to make labels with it for jars.
would this work in a laserjet printer? My school has a konica and no inkjet
Can this product be used on cloth, like a tote bag?
Hi, Iam interested in this machine. Never used one before. I like to know what to buy to make the use of this machine perfect. I live in bali,
How good is the quality of the final product you can make with these? Can you do a traditional book store quality book? Thanks!
If all switches are down, what is the distance from the center of one punch to the next? Thanks,
Does this come with the wire clippers?
Does anyone make a system for TRUE SPIRAL BINDING? I hate combs! The covers and pages never bend all the way around. Lying flat : good. Compact: best.
What's the difference between version two and the first version?
If I'm using an old children's book for the cover of a notebook, how do I finish off the cut edge on the book?
Hi, I&acute;m interested in this machine, but I would like to know where can later find the rings and all the accesories
Can you use plastic comb binding with the zutter? Also can you choose the kind of holes you would like punched (round or square)?
Can you use the plastic spiral spines or do u have to use the metal ones
Do these work for stretch or knit fabics, such as sweatpants or t-shirt?
Does it work well on Fleece Lap Blankets?
If I need to remove the patches later can it be done?
can you write on them before sticking them to the front of a t-shirt?
Would this work on swimwear?
I have a leather jacket and cloth patches to attach. Will this product work on the leather jacket?
Hi. I am looking to use for making lip balm. Is it a screw top lid or just a snap on lid? Thank you in advance for your help.
I'm looking to hold appox. 5tsps of dry powder? Will these work?
I'm confused by the "dimensions" answers. What are the INNER dimensions of each small container? Am looking for something to hold/display a thimble.
Would this work for perler beads?
what is the dia. &amp;how tall are the cantiners
what are the dimensions of the small containers?
How much can one of these hold. I wanted to store wax smelt sprinkle samples in here, so how many a tablespoon a teaspoon?
are the individual containers screw tops?
will it also score and perforate? If so, are there replacement scoring and perforating blades blades available?
Would this be suitable for an 8 year old who's into crafts?
Can it cut more than one piece of paper at a time? If so, about how many sheets do you think it could cut?
would this work for quilting projects, like tracing and cutting applique pieces?
Can anyone tell me what voltage is listed on the power adapter? Is it just 110V or is it 110-240V??
Does this do basically what the other Simplicity Bias Tape Machine does, save it making piping as well? (I don't want to double up on machines, lol.)
What size bias tape tip does the machine come with?
Is there a double fold tip?
Can it make large piping for home d&eacute;cor, assuming you have the right tip?
bias tape makers: Any real experience with these bias tape makers?
will the regular bias tips work on the deluxe machine?
Do the tips from the old style machine work in this newer model?
I have the deluxe bias and piping machine. Do I have to buy the tip and iron cover or can I just buy additional tips?
Will the spindle work with the winder? I am trying to understand the best way to get the fabric around the spindle right now.
what size bias does it make.I must be looking over it.
can this blade be switched for left-handed users?
does the 'thumb button' have to be pressed to cut with this? Or does it 'lock' so u don't need to put pressure on your thumb? (carpal tunnel issues)
Can a person lay a stainless steel ruler down and cut beside it on pictures?
did anyone get this cutter with a dull blade. mine is so dull i can't cut anything without it missing a large section of what i am cutting.
Do you need to use a cutting mat with this? Can you use granite as a cutting surface?
Is there a blade sharpener for the 60mm Titanium
Is this optimal for cutting latex sheeting? For latex clothing
Can this cut out any letters and numbers pattern?
Pinewood Derby? What can I use or need to buy to cut a Pinewood Derby car? I don't see anything in the pkg?
Is it possible to cut light weight molding with included tolls? I don't see anything like a tiny saw in the package. What do you recommend for that?
Can someone reccomend an All-Purpose accesories Kit? How do I know which kits are compatible with the tools?
Please does it work on 220 volts?
Is there a 220V version of this tool?
This is good for sublimation also? txs
hello i want to know if this vesta 16x20 auto open heat press mic works with 220 volts thanks
does this operate off 110
hi how is this heat press doing ? can u tell me what you dont like or what u like it thank you
Does it work in 220 Volts?
hi i'm confused. i it says this fabric is $19.99- is that per yard?
I want to order this fabric to make a moby type baby carrier. If I order 5 yards of this will it all come in one piece or in 5 separate yards?
Does the crinkle pattern run the length of fabric or across the 52" length
. Im looking to put clear christmas lights on the cieling Then have this stuff hung loosely about 6" below. Like looking at stars, is this what I want
I'm looking for a light material to make summer scarves, would this be a good material?
I want a 5 yard piece for a wrap. does it come in bits of 1 yard or one piece?
I want this fabric to make baby blankets. If I order 15 yards, will it come in large enough pieces to cut large blankets?
Is this cotton gauze very soft?
If heating this fabric up (for a DYI protect) will it melt or burn?
Is this dress fabric or for slippers? The heading is confusing. Thanks
Is this fabric 60" wide by 1 yard long for $1.11?
Is it satin or polyester? This is also not clear.
can this fabric be washed and dryed
What's the width of this fabric?
Is this a true white or is it off white?
When you say there are 5 items in my cart, does that mean 5 yards of fabric?
Is there a scalloped edge on this lace?
I don't see anywhere that states if this fabric is machine washable and dryable/ So is it?
Is this "see-through" fabric? Is it stretchy?
What is the fabric content?
Is this basically 70 x 36 inches?
Is this lace made of nylon? or polyester? Thanks.
If I buy multiple yards is it one continuous piece?
The descrition says this is 60" wide at $0.40 per yard? So if I order 3, I get technically 3yards at 60" wide, correct?
I talked to Suzi today because I had ordered this burlap. I am interested in buying around 75 yards of it. Can I buy it this way? A roll perhaps?
Is the shipping fast? How long did it take to receive your order? Thanks.
Quantity of 1=1yard?
If I buy more than a yard, it would be in 1 piese or multiple?
Can this be used outdoors and if so what is the life expectancy
Hi, what is the threads per inch for this burlap? Also, is it heavy burlap like the type that is used to bag coffee beans? Thanks!
what is the oz on this fabric?
What is number of threads per inch both ways, please?
whatt height is fabric
thinking of making this an overlay on tables, do you machine wash it?
is it a yard in length and width?
Is it necessary to wash before sewing?
will the 58" wide Charmeuse Satin Damask Black/White Fabric be able to make a body pillow case?
If I order 3 yards- will they be three -1 yard sections or will it be one - 3 yard section? Thank you!
How much fabric do you get?
What is the width of this fabric?
It is hard to tell by the picture buy it is sheer correct? I want to put it over a colored tablecloth and want to be sure the color would show throug
good day Dear Sirs, I am very interested in your product, but first want to know the following is: 70 "wide but what is the length?
I'm confused because of this doesn't wash out then using them on fabric would not work if you want the tracing to not show?
What colors are included in the set?
once a pattern is transferred onto fabric do the marks wash out when you are done quilting ?
Are you able to wash out the pen marks when done embroidering, or are they permanent?
Do you have to use the "tracing paper" or will printer paper work?
Is the top textured or smooth?
What is the maximum adjustable height? Reviewer says 29" I thought I saw 36"
what is the height
Is there a carrying handle built in on this table or just an opening to put your hand in?
Can you confirm the 3 different height settings for the table?
I tried the Sharpie Metallic markers but don't like them because of they have a strong smell that gives me headaches. Do these markers have a strong odor?
Are these oil based?
I'm looking for markers for autographs on a movie poster, each actor using a different color The poster background is black. Would these work well?
What colors are included?
Are these oil based markers ?
Would these work well to write names on clear reusable plastic water bottles?
Would these work on a dark green fabric? I'm trying to find some markers so my daughter's soccer team can sign each other's dark green shirts.
Will these mark clearly on black foam board?
will these work on Janome DC2012?
Are these really Janome bobbins and will they work in my Memory Craft 6300.
Will these work with the Janome 11706 Hello Kitty Sewing Machine?
Will this work with my Janome 8050 machine?
Will this work on my Janome Magnolia 7330 machine??
will these bobbins work on a Brother 2800D Innov-is?
I just bought an Elna 520 eXperience, will they work with that?
do these work with the janome 8077 ?
Do they work awesomely in the Janome MyExcel 15S ???
Do these bobbins work with the Janome memory Craft 6500 machine?
how many times can i stamp per inking? i'm looking for an ink pad that i can use to produce as many prints as possible by inking only once.
does it work on plastic bags and does it come with ink included? how long does one pad last?
What is the dimensions of the ink pad? I need something that is at least 3 1/2 in. long to accommodate my stamp.
Can this be used on fabric permanently?
is this safe to stamp my cat's paws with?
Is this a fast-dry ink or a slow-dry/pigmented ink?
Have others noticed that this ink easily wipes off (clear)stamps with just water? I thought it was waterproof? It even dried overnight on the stamp. Confused...
I tstamped this ink on a clear stamp last night. This morning it easily came off with a moist finger. I thought it was waterproof??
Does this ink stay permanent on plastic of vinyl??
Is this ok for stamping on glossy paper? Will it come out clear and dry well?
How does the box attatching to a tripod ?
what tripod goes with it, and how much does it cost?
I am used to painting on a stable table easel (oil painting), and worry that this box will "wobble" on a tripod -- also is one adjustment arm stable?
does it store wet canvases for transport ?
How much does it weigh?
does this have the hardward to fit on a tripod?
Could this be used on windows for privacy ? I tried lace and not happy because too see through. What do you use to adhere it?
Can this paper be glued with a thin adhesive? I would like to use it as a covering for some acrylic panels for lighting effects.
Is this paper semi-sized? How does it compare to Chinese Ma and Pi papers from Oriental Art Supplies, which is what I normally use. Thanks.
What is the inside diameter of the tube
one that will not leak
How much oil do you put in it?
Can I use this to cut wine bottles?
Bonnie B. - When you say that you dipped it in vegetable oil, do you mean you did this instead of filling the oil resevoir?
Can this cut 3/8" glass table?
Can you use this to re-wrap my K-Bar knife handle? Thanks.
is this brown or burgundy ?
Would this be ideal for bracelet making?
can i stamp on this leather?
can i stamp on this leather?
Is strap suitable for belt material?
As far as the thickness of this product; one review says 3mm thick and under FAQ someone else says 3/16" thick. Which measurement is correct ?
How thick are you on?
Does the product get hot on the back that would require putting something under it to protect your table, etc?
Does AC adaptor convert to 12V or 24V DC. How many watts does it use?
Is this battery operated?
How thick is it?
How do you replace LED light when it burns out?
I got the panel and turned it on, but I found that there are very bright area near the power connector. Is this normal?
Does it embroider.
can it sew demin?
does that mean only the factory can make repair?
Please what is the voltage of this sewing machine?
have these been tested to work correctly?
Is there a white border around the stickers?
how many are in a pack of stickers
??? Are these stickers reusable?
I see "great for beginners" mentioned many times. Why should beginners not have the best tools? What are the experts using?
Does it include sharpening instructions? What other tools are required for sharpening?
Is this a good set for a beginner to carve for the pinewood derby?
What are the dimensions ( L x W )of each yard in inches
I am reading the Jim Henson book. I started making puppets. I am totally getting this to make some furry puppets! I guess it will work?
Is it easy to sew &amp; cut? I read several comments that it sheds bad.
When purchasing I need 3 yards to make the rug I want. Will they come in 3 separate pieces and need to be sown together?
Is this machine washable?
what are the dimensions of one yard
Is it possible to get one-2 yard cut instead of two-1yard cuts?
size
Is this machine washabe or dry clean only?
What is the width of the fabric?
what is the color of this one
i want to order ,but want a 2 yard cut not , 2 ,1 yard cut pieces, how do i do that just order quantity of 2?
Can I use this to paint lamp shades?
Tulip fabric spray paint on upholstery
Can you use a brush to apply the paint rather than the spray nozzle?
Is this a dye based paint (good for staining a white fabric &amp; not a lot of bulk like "dimensional" ), or a pigment based (may be used on dark colors)?
How long does it take to completly dry?
do the colours show up on black fabric?
Can this spray paint be used on styrofoam?
will this keep silver from turning black in just a day or two after soldering
How do you store this once it is mixed?
What is the shelf life after mixing with water?
Can you use this kiln for glass fusing?
Has anyone used it for enameling on copper or fine silver?
Can you fire natural clay in this?
Does the kiln from this seller come with the temperature gauge or any of the other accessories? Just not clear on what all comes together.
Can you fire natural clay in this?
Can you fire copper and bronze clay in this?
Can this kiln be used in the UK with an adapter and step-down transformer?
Will it bond a cotton cord to endcaps for a bracelet and is it waterproof?
Is this good for gluing pave crystals onto a ring? Also, does it dry clear?
Could this be used to secure that a jump ring stays closed?
can you use it for tiny earrings or a tiny ceramic sculpture?
Does this glue attach beads firmly and securely to a fabric bag? Will it cause the clear beads to cloud up?
What else do I need to get started with rock polishing?
start to finish how long does it take to do a batch of rocks
Besides polishing stones, can I also frost glass to look like beach glass?
I want to run a rock polishing machine in an outbuilding. How safe is it to leave it running unattended? How often would one need to check up on it?
About how much grit does one barrel use at a time? If I buy a 1lb bag of grit, will it last awhile or does it use a lot?
I have a 6 year old grandson who loves rocks and stones. Is this appropriate for him?
I'll be tumbling and polishing drift seeds, sea beans and sea hearts with this so we can make some jewelry with it, sounds like it will be perfect.
Is it belt driven or strictly gear driven?
How noisy is this machine? Could I run it in an apartment without annoying my neighbors?
Can this be used to tumble handcrafted jewelry? What else do I need to use with the tumbler for such purpose?
Hello, It is impossible to determine what sort of cap protects the tip. Could you help?
Hello all! Can I use these bottles to dispense melted chocolate and fruit sauces to pour over desserts?
Is the mouth of the bottle big or small? Would it need a funnel? Thank you!
Are these bottles clear (see through) or white? Thank you.
Can I use these to dispense glue?
Will these bottles hold CA (Cyanoacrylate) glue?
I'm holding a memorial service and need something to dispense colored sand into mini bottles. Would these work?
Hi! Are these food-safe?
Is the cap on these good enough to store acrylic paints?
How wide is it?
What is the density in lbs/cubic ft?
Does anyone know if this would be a cheap alternative to making a soundproofing panel? Im looking for something to stifle sound.
is this like packing foam stryfoam, or is this more like the inside of a stuffed chair. I want foam that can be used in outdoor sitting pads, soft foam not hard stryfoam.
i need 8 feet .what should i order....3yards?
Can I use this outside as a pad under a turf rug?
Does foam hold water ?
Your title says per yard, but your description says 1 roll is 16 yards. Am I purchasing 1 quantity of 16 yards?
Would this foam be good for packing a glass table top into a mirror moving box?
Where is the reverse button on this thing?
"110 volt machine designed for United States and Canadian use only". Someone knows why it would not work at Brazil?
How many feet come with this machine? I am thinking of purchasing but would like to have extra feet especially a walking foot.
How is the bobbin placed in the machine? Front dropped in or with a bobbin case?
Does it monogram?
Is there a place to oil the top of the machine? The manual only gives instructions to oil bobbin mechanism. Thanks!
does the brilliance 6199 have a hard sided carrrying case included? I have seen its description on other sites as including it.
Does this make a flexible mold like rubber/silicone?
If you can use this for food, what is the highest temperature this product can with stand? And can you use it to make suckers?
how does it work
is this product reusable?
Would this be good to make a mold for fondant figure faces?
could you use this to make a mold of a hand or finger?
can i make fake teeth with it?
I'd like to make 1/2-3/4" size stamps with this material to be mounted on wooden handles. The stamps are line drawings. Is this the right product?
Has anyone tried this on a design imprinted into leather?
Is this mold okay for InstaMorph?
Anyone know what the weight of the paper is?
Do you have this Inovart 11 x 14 calligraphy parchment paper in WHITE?
How many sheets are in a pack?
can thi be printed on by an ink jet printer
Is this pen 100% authentic and come with all origial paperwork?
Does this pen come with a mont blanc case?
Does it come with ink?
Does the pen come with a warranty from Amazon?
I am reading reviews about the authenticity of the pen through amazon - is it a knockoff?
Can a medium Roller Cartridge be used in this pen? Or Only the Fineline Cartridge?
I bought this item last year. It needs a part on the pen replaced. How do I go about using the warranty?
Was the warranty paperwork stamped in the Authorized dealer section? I was told if it's blank it's not valid.
Can you pay for engraving?
Are you able to get the free engraving at Mont Blanc?
Does each box have a cupcake insert that fits it?
Can you make boxes for regular size cupcakes with a 8 x 12 mat?
How does the Cricut Sweet Tooth Boxes cartridge work with the Cricut mini cutter?
Are these good size for single bead earrings?
What is the best size string/cord to use for this selection of beads? Also what material would you recommend?
Are there any duplicates? I'd like to be able to make earrings. If I buy 2 sets will I be guaranteed in getting duplicates?
Has anyone figured the sizing for these frames? I just cut one at 5 inches and it came out 8 inches. Did one 3 1/2 and it came out 4 3/8ths
does it have sayings like grandparents or like my grandkids
Can you use this cartridge with any Cricut?
Will this work in a cricut mini?
WHat are the dimensions of the bed?
Can I use a walking foot for quilting?
Is this machine made entirely of metal, or are there plastic parts as well? If so, which parts?
Does this machine come with a 110v servo motor?
can this machine be package unassemble
Does it tie off and trim thread?
How do you use zigzag? I've looked at this machine before but could not get zigzag dial to move. Is there a lock u must release?
What kind of lubrication system does this machine use?
is this machine can use to sew outdoor tissus as sunbrella or dickson brand for pergola ?
How about leather, how does this machine handle leather ?
Where is it shipping from ? How soon can it get to CA ?
Is it aspheric?
what type and size of batteries does this need?
anyone use this for iridology?
good enough for coin collector?
how big is the lens itself?
does it come with batteries
What size are the flowers?
Can you use it with fabric?
Does it cut vellum?
Does it work on the Sizzix Big Shot??
Does it work with cuttlebug?
what is the size of this patch
Do you have any larger RS patches like 5x7 or 6x8?
Hi, How do I apply the the RS Tongue to a good, but thin, leather jacket?
Hi, How do I apply the the RS Tongue to a good, but
How fast is shipping?
If I bought seven of them, would you be willing to charge me the shipping of the actual weight of shipping? the amount of shipping one or two patches?
Any Tongue patches with woman on it ???
How tall is the table surface from the floor?
If I take out the middle piece is the desk still supported to piece the two long sections together along a straight wall?
what is the maximum weight the glass can hold?
Would it be possible to replace the glass on the non-tilt surfaces with something else?
Instead of stringing the two desks together sans corner/middle piece, can I set them up as two separate desks?
What are the demensional of the flat side table?
What are the dimensions of the side table?
Will the corner piece stay on if its only connected to one of the tables?
will this table fit a light box behind it?
How thick is the glass? Thanks!
what size are the trays? or what are the overall measurements?
Are the tray/compartment dividers removeable in the storage containers?
Is there room for small objects, such as beads, to migrate inside a tray from one slot to the next?
I was wanting to store diaper snaps in these because im going to order alot of different colors. Will it fit the KAM snaps?
I have several CraftMates Lockable storage boxes, 3XL size, 11.25" long by 5.25" wide. Will they fit and stack inside this case?
What size are the compartments in the plastic container?
What size are these clasps?
What is the size diameter on these clasps?
since e6000 has ruined the 2 projects that have taken hours of work the lock no longer lines up after gluing tho no parts of the lock were touched
What kind of glue should you use to finish the kumo braids to the fittings? Thanks!
What size thread used to make the kumihimo braid does this fit- 1mm, 2mm or 3mm?
Are these clasps nickel-free?
does it glow
can we put it on the hair or body?
Do you steam this paint?
Do the different colors glow as their respective colors in the dark, or is it all the same greenish color?
Does this glow under a blacklight?
could you use this on rubber, or the face of a doll such as monster high or barbie?
Will this kind of paint work on plastic materials?
Also dose it look good on paper?
Is it glue?
does it glow in the dark with NO light?
Do I need to buy a separate hardener for this resin?
Does this resin work well with encasing beetles
Does this resin get stuck on the casting molds and the measuring cups or do I have to buy the spray to lift the castings from the molds?
How thick can you cast this material?
What is the demold time on this?
Can anyone tell me how long this resin takes to cure/set ? Thanks.
Can this be used for wooden photo plaques?
how many square feet does it cover?
will this product work with styrofoam?
Is this resin Non Toxic?
I need a 48" max height and have tools to adjust it and drill new holes. Can anyone tell me the length of the legs so I know if this is possible?
How does this "full/queen" work with a full size bed. It its width is much wider than a full size bed. Does it simply hand out to both sides?
Can it be attached to wall, or just stand between bed and wall? I have a custom platform bed with nothing to attach a headboard to.
Is the cherry finish on this more red or dark brown?
How much does it weigh?
am i ccorct that this does not come with a frame?
Does it come in King size?
I bought this headboard and have it attached to a metal frame, but would like to connect it to a platform, does it have this attachment?
Are the mounting points slotted to provide the flexibility of attaching it to a frame of varied size? Does it come with mounting bolts?
Does this headboard carry with a frame that can hold the matress on?
Can it be used to make scale models (I have to make a scale model of the Taj Mahal)?
Can you sand this smooth once it's cooled to room temperature?
If you made something that would be out in the sun during the summer would the sun heat soften the finished product enough it might change shape?
Is it nontoxic?
Is Instamorph biodegradable?
Is this a good quick temporary fix for a missing tooth in my plastic temp. bridge?
I want to use this in a mold to get the quality of a thin walled plastic toy. Can it be used in this manner? Can it capture details well?
Is there enough in one container to make one arm of armor for cosplay?
could I use it to mold a spoiler on a car?
Suggestions for preventing sticking? If you want to mold directly to an object for a relief or perfect fit, is there something you can put on the object to act as a release agent? I wrapped in aluminum foil which worked but didn't provide a smooth finish.
Do the Framelits work on a cuttlebug?
What are the sizes of each of the scalloped circles?
Hello, Will this set work with the Ellison AllStar machine? Thank you in advance for any input!
Will it cut through 7 or 8 layers of cotton fabric?
How many days does the shipping take to New Jersey?
Will it cut through medium weight chipboard?
Will it cut through felt?
Has anyone tried to cut a single layer of quilting cotton with these?
What are the dimensions of each square?
Will this work with cuttlebug?
Will it work in the Fabi machine?
How many LED sewing lights? I don't see anything about those in the description.
does it have a usb port to use for downloads
what is your return policy? i would love the machine but the reviews are mixed what if i get it here and it messes up?
What is the harp size?
Hz &amp; V: Can anyone who bought this item tell me what are the operating frequency in Hertz and tension in Volt of this machine?
where is the Singer l500 manufactured?
Can these magnets connect to each other?
I want to use these for vinyl tubing necklaces to use as the clasp-are they strong enough to sitck together for this purpose?
Can I cut these 1/2" discs with household scissors? I need to cut magnets down to smaller size to keep the couples of a G-gauge train set together.
Will these magnets hold themselves on a white board calendar? I just need them to be placed on certain days of the week-- not holding a pic or paper.
can I use these magnets on an envelope flap (one on the flap and one on the envelope) -- will I be able to open and close the envelope without tearing
would these magnets hold up a polaroid picture or film?
hello. please can i know the size in cm? thank you
Can you use these as magnet backings for depot MAC eyeshadows?
Will they hold 2 pieces of fabric together such as in a cape?
do they stick on fabric and pvc?
sorry forgot also what are the sizes in mm's?
sizes
Are the sizes marked on the hooks?
What is the length of these hooks?
do you sell f c h i j k ?
how long are the needles
Does this set has a 10 mm hook?
Ranger Distress Crackle Paint 1.1-Ounce Jar, Picket Fence , will this work on old wood?
Does it work on top of chalk pain?
Can you use this with other paints to make them crackle? How do you apply it?
Could I use these for body/face paint? Wanting to do a broken doll effect.
Can this be used on the outside of glass jars/vases?
Will the 4oz jar be enough to use on my bedroom headboard? I'm not sure how much I'll need.
I am looking for a crackle medium to apply over a vintage print to give it even more of an aged crackle appearance. will this product work for that?
Can it be used on acrylic paints?
Can you tell me if it is weather proof for exterior use?
When printing, the printed side of the paper comes out facedown....Will the pages be wet when printed and smear on the paper tray?
whT IA THE 30 POUNDS?
Hi, I was wondering if this paper in foldable? If I wanted to use it to print an invitation, would I be able to fold it to put it into an envelope?
Can this vellum be printed with a Bizhub C20 laser printer? Paper type options are transparency, thick 1 (91-150g/m2) and thick 2 (151-210 g/m2).
Does this work in InkJet Printers? Description says yes and then no.
How "clear" is this? Is it like standard sheer vellum or more like a transparency? Thanks!
Is this paper appropriate for use with Peragamo card making?
diamond tester - from puriTEST: does this come with the metal plate?
what kind of battery does it use
How do you use it? It doesnt come with instructions.
Do you have to cut out the entire alphabet or can you pick individual letters?
What size are the letters?
Do you still have the lower case dies available? Are they the carefree font? How much are they?
2 die set means what? 2 separate dies one of upper case and one of lower case letters?
Only upper case or do you get upper and lower case in this set?
How tall are the letters?
What size are the letters?
Will this die work on a sizzix machine?
is this imported from the usa with customs duty to pay please.
Will this machine allow me to replace individual felting needles as they break or do I have to replace the whole unit?
how do I get the plastic guard off my simplicity machine so i can change a needle?
How do you clean the roving build up?
Does it come with an instruction booklet?
I have recently brought a Deluxe but it has a USA power prong to Australia. Is their a way around this eg using a step down convertor.
Other than needles and allen wrenches, where does one get parts for this machine?
where can i get a spare screw for the item f ?
If one needle breaks, can you just replace that one or do you have to change them all? Thanks!
how much space between the needles and base? I work with boiled wool which can get pretty thick. Thanks.
can I buy a cd or dvd for the 2340 cover hem sewing machine? wezzie
do i really need to buy all the feet for this machine ,or can i use it right away ?
Does this machine can use like surger and blindstitch machine?
Can somebody give a list of the types and number of feet that come with this machine?
Everyone says it is difficult to take the fabric out? Doesn't a coverstitch machine work like a serger, so you just sew it out and cut the threads?
Does this machine support both 50Hz and 60Hz electricity? I'd really appreciate it if you could check this on the label on the rear of your machine.
Could any of you buyers of this machine tell me what the warranty is. I've searched &amp; cannot find anything listed from the manufacturer???
Does this machine have settings for various stretch fabrics, or do I have to stretch the fabric as I sew? I would like to use it for 2-way stretch.
Could I easily hem t-shirts with this straight out of the box or would I need a hem guide?
Will I need to buy 3 to 4 cones of thread just to hem a garment?
will this machine work with upholstery fabrics?
will this machine sew through denim for hems?
Does this machine have an automatic thread cutter? The description says it does but when I look at the pics of the machine I don't see it.
what style number bobbin?
I cannot find a list of included feet for this machine. Is a rolled hem foot included?
is this a push button or floor pedal model?
What walking foot fit this machine?
Will this machine do a serge stitch?
how is this one compared to the CS-6000i?
Can this machine easily hem denim jean pants?
Would this be a good machine for a beginner?
does this machine automatically set or tell you what the tension should be set at?
Can it sew denim or velvet?
Would you buy this machine again.
Is this a Free arm machine?
This isn't a mini machine right? Can you make clothes with this type or is it all basic
Can it sew on leather &amp; thick materials, like drapes?
What is the voltage on the machine? usually it's printed on the foot - does it say 110V 50/60Hz or just 110V 50Hz?
will it sew leather?
Does this machine have reverse?
how do i switch the nozzles? this is my 1st time &amp; i have no glue in it yet. Gun is plugged in but counterclock is not taking the standard nozzle off
what is the glue stick size used?
what is the temp slide on gun for nothing in booklet about it and why is gun takingso long toheat
Does this gun have an on/off switch on it ?
I know there was a question asked about this before, but does this gun use standard size glue sticks or do you have to buy special ones from Aleene ?
will this work in Australia with 240w???
I am in uk if I use a US adapter plug will in work in uk without voltage converter
Is the cord really only 8 inches long? That seems unbelievable short.
What is the recommended method of washing/cleaning this material to preserve intentsity of colour and metallic lustre? Does it require ironing, and if so, which Synthetic setting should be used?
What is length and width?
Is it 4 way stretch or 2 way stretch? At the top it says 4 but in the description it says 2.
will the blue color of the spandex wear off if it is put in water
Is this suitable for swim suits, does it need lining
What color is the back of the fabric? I've seen some that is black I don't want that I want gold colored back
Would I have to pay the shipping listed for each yard purchased?
Can you get in continuous yardage? I want to make tableclothes for my boutique. the tables will need 132" length.
will it conduct electricity?
Is it a 2 way or 4 way stretch?
Does it have to be hemmed? Do the edges fray?
Is this fabric machine wash and dry?
Is this 100 percent Spandex? Is it partly polyester or other material? There is no product description listed.
Hi, what color is on the backing please? Metallic Sliver on both side or black or white base? Is this fabric a good fit for black-out curtain Thanks
can this be used to decorate a door?
can i use this under guipure fabric?
Is this more like gunmetal in colour?
is there a color chart?
Are the spools labeled with the Disney colorr n #s? E.g., Mickey's shoe color should be labeled #208 and his face #307.
how many yards on each spool?
does the thread come on the rack as shone in the picture?
Can this poly thread be used on a regular sewing machine for regular use other than embroidery? (Quilts, apparel, etc)
How does this thread compare to Madiera embroidery thread?
how does this thread compair to floriani thread?
are these actually Brother colors that are numbered for their embroidery cards?
How many yards on each spool?
do they have numbers on spool to match numbers on patterns in machine
Has anyone used this thread with a brother pe 500?
What thread do suggest for Brother pe 770?
What is the composition of the thread?
I am new to embroidery. I want to make a necklace that asks for 2 ply thread. How do you tell if this is 2 ply or one? Thank you!
Are they colored on the front side?
Are these flattened bottle caps?
Can these be used for brewing? Do they have the wax rim inside?
Are they colored on the front side?
are these metal or plastic ?
can you use the resin stickers you sell for both these AND the lined caps?
Do these bottle caps have holes in them to thread cord through to make pendants? Or do we need to punch holes in them ourselves?
What kind of compressor and hose do I need for this?
Can any liquid makeup be put in these?
Can you use this with a popellant?
Can cerakote paint be sprayed through it
I purchased this for tanning . I get lots of air but no liquid. I have tried everything I can think of that I read. What is wrong?
will this work for applying a very fine powder?
can you use it with echo2 oxygen machine
Can you use different sized tips for this airbrush
Has the adjusting screw to the end of the needle?
Will This work well with craft felt?
Will this work on craft felt? Using a normal home iron?
Is it for dark backgrounds? For example, if I iron it onto a red t-shirt, is the background going to be white, or is it going to be clear?
Can this be used on flannel?
Is the fabric color consistent or are there black speckles on it like muslin has?
How do these compare to the Copic Multiliner sps?
What refills do these Pens use ?
Can these be used on glossy ceramics? Is it permanent? Thank you!
I want to use these in a wedding guestbook (photo album). Is the ink fast drying?
Is this better that Sakura Micropens?Any difference?
How do these handle for inking a pencil sketch? Do they avoid smearing if you erase pencil lines after inking them with these pens?
How do these do writing on canvas?
What are the nibs of the pens and markers made out of?
When the pens run out of ink, is it possible to dip the tips in black ink to continue using them?
Can you reuse your stencils that are made from this material?
is this stickier than regular vinyl or in any other way superior for stencil use?
I need to do etching on a pane of glass, i have design chosen but where can i purchase etching material
What's the diff between this product and the silhouette adhesive back stencil material for a little more money?
do you need a special blade on your machine?
I want to make sayings on pieces of wood. Some would be small and some would be 7 feet tall. What product would I use?
Your answer to size is 3 feet by 9 feet. So its 9 feet long but are you sure this is 36 inches wide or 3 feet like you stated??
Could this be used to stencil onto wood furniture?
is the piece with the brown backing or the white backing the stencil vinyl?
Can I use this on chalkboard paint? How easily is is removed?
Can I use it to store mixed acrylic paint or water colors
What material is the container made out of?
Are these food grade and safe to use to store spices in while camping?
how many jars come in a pack?
Can the invitations be printed on? Will the ink run on this paper?
Are there 25 cards and 25 envelopes, or are there 50 of each?
Are these just front and back cards? Or do you have to fold them?
Are the cards regular kraft paper, or are they heavier card stock? Thank you!
Is there a template for printing on these cards?
Is the card ENVELOPE exactly 4X5, or is it the folded card itself that is 4x5? (I am intending to use the envelope for a custom-printed card that I am purchasing separately, so I need to make sure it'll fit in the envelope.)
Do these play well with fountain pens?
Is the back of the envelope a triangle flap or rectangle flap?
I was able to print fine on the notecards, but none of the three different HP printers I've tried will print on the envelopes. Has anyone else tried?
can i use watercolors on this?
I'm looking to use these leaves on a gratitude tree. Would people be able to write on the leaves using a Sharpie and then tie them to a tree?
Some people mentioned a terrible smell from these leaves. If this is correct did it fade with time? Want to use these for my wedding table decor.
can they be glued to a poster?
Looking to use these for a photo shoot for kids to play in, wondering how many bags to order for a large pile of leaves for child entertainment?
Are these machine washable?
Do you think these could be spray painted? We wanted to use these for our wedding but are going with silver as one of the colors.
Are they made of paper or silk?
Anyone ever tried to write on them? How easily can names and table numbers be written on them in Black or another color?
Are these flame retardant? I want to use with clear strand of lights.
Can these leaves be hole punched?
Where do I find the instruction manual?
What size of replacement needles does thismachine require ?
Does this run on 220V? Will it operate safely on a 110V step-down transformer in a country with a 220V standard?
will any domestic presser feet be compatable? Can you change out presser feet at all?
is this appropriate for 10 year olds
where can I buy foot pedal/power cord?
how do thread a sunbeam sb1818 sewing machine?
Is there a manual available with clearer pictures I can't decifer the instructions and the pictures are of such low quality that they are less than h
Can I sew patches onto a leather vest?
Is this the kind of machine that even if you press the pedal lightly it seems to want to go fast when it's starting up?
And it is fully assembled?
Include table?
Where is this machine manufactured?
What is the difference between DDL-5550 and the DDL-8700?
How much does the entire assembly weigh? The shipping weight says 200lbs but I assume that includes the pallet.
Does this machine have an automatic cutter and to lift the pressor foot is it by knee lift or the foot pedal
Do the feed dogs lower for free motion quilting?
Does this machine come with a table to attach it to
Is it made in Japan? I would like to buy one made in Japan. Thanks.
Can you explain what adding a servo motor to the machine changes?
Is a table with this machine
Is it a noisy machine?
what is the difference between the juki 8700 and the juki 5500?
Can this be used as a long arm quilting machine?
how many needles could a juki straight/lock machine take
Can someone tell me how long the throat of the machine is? From the needle to the inside of the machine?
is this machine free motion quilting capable?
Does this machine include motor or motor is sold seperately ?
what is the length and height of the arm for quilting of the Juki ddl 8700 . 55500
starting and upholestry business is this a good machine for leather and vinyl?
made in japan for sure?
is this machine quiet
Is this model made in Japan or China?
Can sew leather on this machine?
can this machine sew leather and upholstery?
does it come with a table
would this glue work for gluing flatback rhinestones onto paper art?
I am looking for a water soluble glue that can be totally removed with water? Would this work?
Would this glue work to glue fishing line to wood? I can't find anything that will make this fishing line stick!
is this glue recommended for a flexible surface? can I use it to make costumes/props out of yoga mats? (I think they are made of PVC)
Can these be used for candy party treats like skittle type candies?
DO GUMBALLS FIT
I intend to use them for my head pins I'm hoping the 3 inch will fit even if it is a tight fit. It. So will the 3 inch fit?
I need a small tube like this to hold a microscope slide that is 80mmx10mmx0.5mm. Will that fit INSIDE this tube with the lid on? In other words what are the INSIDE dimensions of the tube NOT including the rounded part at the bottom OR the length that...
How many inches?
Do the tubes come with caps?
Are they allowed in airplane carry-ons (TSA approved)?
are they sharp enough to cut light fabric?
What are the dimensions? How much to they weigh? I need light weight folding scissors for a backpacking first aid kit, would these work for that?
Do they fold together anymore than as shown in the picture. Maybe the two circles put together? Or do they stay laid out like the pic?
Pen or paint? Which is better?
1) How thick is the line? 2) Is it OPAQUE-a solid color where light does not come through? 3) If you used the thin line pen, how thin is it? Thanks!
Do you sell these in sets of 10 or just multiple versus just one?
Can this be used on ceramic bisque and fired in a kiln?
is this a very fine line marker?
can this paint be used on globes for oil burning lanterns ? Just wondering if it was heat resistant enough to work
Do you have to wait 24 hours before baking? Mines bee sitting for 12 hours now can I bake it already?
Does anyone know FROM EXPERIENCE (please, NO GUESSES) whether this works on plexiglass (acrylic) or lexan (polycarbonate)?
will this paint work on plastic glasses? Obviously, you will not be able to bake it on...
How thick of an item can you fit in it?
Does this cartridge work in the older purple model?
Is this acid free?
If there are creases forming all over the place, is there a way to fix this and get the laminate to work properly? I've wasted 10 feet already.
How does the laminate fit between the rollers? Our tape messed up and we cannot get the cartridge back in the machine.
Is this one side laminate or double sided? Can I use it on photos w/o it ruining them over time?
Is this similar to using clear contact paper?
Can this movement be used with rechargeable batteries?
Does this come with the attaching hardware for the movement.
I am restoring an old electric mantle clock and want it to be battery. The box measures 4" x 4". The minute hand 2-1/2". Will this work in my clock
What are the dimensions of the case? Thanks.
I need about 70 for my art class. Do you have that many available?
How do I measure to get the correct size?
What size is it? (L/W/D)
Is the shaft length 7/16" long?
I need to replace the existing movement and want to keep the dials (Minun hand 5"). What is the shaft diameter for the minute hand and hour hand ?
Can this be used as a drop-in replacement for the Young Town 12888
If the threaded part of the shaft is 15/16, how long is the overall shaft?
What is shortest shaft length
If you use a second hand with this movement, does it tick or is it a continuous sweep?
how long is the minute hand?
How long is the gold threaded part in the center?
what are the hand lenghts
can I use a 10" minute hand on this movement ?
how long is the acctual shaft lenght
Does this movement have a nut to hold minute had on?
how do i remove the old movement? what do i measure ti make sure i am getting the right part?
Can the clock be used with out the Pendulum
Are longer hands available? I'm repairing a clock and your hands are too small.
I am wanting to replace a similar clock which uses a 7" pendulum. Would it be alright to use that pendulum on this clock?
How long is the threaded portion of the shaft? This question is for the Seller. Thank you.
Is the length of the threaded part of the shaft 9/16" , or it means the total length ?
Does it chime every 15 min.what songs
how long are the hands?
what are dimensions of box
Does this help to soundproof a floor (even if only slightly)?-I hear noise in my room from the room below me, and I want to lesson that.
Do these have a smell to them?
Do you get 10 foam sheets for $3.90? Or only one?
How flexible is the foam sheet
are these self stick?
is foam adhesive backed
Looking for a cheap backboard for my dartboard. Thinking this is just about right, assuming the thickness is substantial?
Are these adhesive backed?
How thick is each sheet of foam?
Does anyone know if this is l200 foam? I was told specifically to get l200 foam for a current project. ive never used the stuff but it needs to be shapeable.
Is this by yard or what thank you
Is this a fake fur or a satin material
Is this cost by the yard or by the piece?
Do you sell it already precut by the yard, or do you cut it depending on the yards asked for? Also, what are the size dimentions? Length/width?
If I order multiple yards, am I charged the shipping fee repeatedly for each yard ordered (as it shows in amazon when I add multiple yards to my cart), or are extra yards shipped for a single yard or discounted fee? It looks like I am going to have to...
what are the dimensions of this item? preferably the length
Will they fit onto a pipe cleaner?
how many different colors are in this package?
Are the holes in these beads large enough to crochet onto socks?
Are the colors shown sold by single colors only? I'm looking for a dark blue 8mm. Thanks.
are they plastic or glass
Do you have to remove the old bail on your pendants to use this correctly?
Do you have to remove the old bail on your pendants to use this correctly?
trying to attach a cross pendant with a small bail to a strand of 6mm pearls. Will this work for that?
What is the differnce between BES and BES 2 software?
Is there anyway to convert the mm format to inches??
This is a picture of version 1 so I am a little confused if this bes or bes2?
description states this is stand alone version. So I do not need to have ANY OTHER software like brother's pe-design or embird.
How put bes embroidery software on two pc's
can I transfer my Bes Embroidery software to my new lap top which runs Windows 8....
bes embroidery lettering software 2 compatable with windows 7
Does it sew one letter at a time or can it do a whole word? Thank you
I understand that the "monogram" letters come in only one font and size. What is the font? What is the size of the letters?
What feet and accessories come in the box and can you use double needles?
Does it come with a instructional DVD? How much does it weigh?
Does it have a1/4' presserr foot
Does it have a stretch stitch?
How does it do on buttonholes?
The top thread is not tightening up on the underside of the material. What is wrong? Can anyone help?
How can I tell which presser foot to use for various stitches. My machine came with no presser feet.Is there a chart available?
Does this have an automatic thread cutter?
Is this made of plastic
Do the accessories that were originally included come with this machine?
Does this machine have auto tension?
What accessories come with it?
Do we get pressure feet
ALso, is this a 67600 or 6060??? The title says 6600 but in the description it says 6060???
Please answer if this particular machine runs in US on 110V!!!
The sewing machine works with 220V or with 110V only?
can I do embroidery onSC6600
Are the stickers removable
Are there only the 4 girls to dress up or are there more?
how big are these flowers? Are they metal?
How many flowers are there in each package?
How many flowers are there in each package?
What are the dimensions of these items? (how long)
Do these come apart for cleaning?
They have a protect cover in lamine?
How good are these at cutting kitchen items such as chicken herbs or veggies?
Can this be adjusted so just the very bottom of the wine bottle can be etched/cut? I only need to cut off the very bottom piece.
What is the longest length of bottle it can score?
what is the smallest diameter of bottle that can be cut if the distance between the rollers is not adjustable?
Where is this made?
What is the difference between the original bottle cutter and the Bottle cutter kit?
What's the difference between this item and the 'original' bottle cutter kit? (http://www.amazon.com/Ephrems-Origin...
the kit says "bottle holder not included", what is a bottle holder?
Where can you get a bottle-holder ?
Can you use this on square.bottles?
Is the paper have lines or is it blank
What is the size in inches?
How is the book bound? Spiral binding? glue? stitched?
it says there are 108 pages ... which means that there are 54 sheets of paper. Is that correct?
how many pages
I want to use my fountain pen, will it bleed through the paper.
Does this product ship to the UK?
How many pages are in this book?
what is the size in inches?
is this product shipped from the usa
how long is this one? for the clothing accents, thanks
Are these tanned hides?
Measurements of coyote hides
Is this for one or two?
Would this fabric work well for apparel?
Does this wrinkle? Would it be good for a dress?
How many yards do I need to make a long dress for a 5'4' person?
How wide is the fabric?
With this being double-sided, is the front and back side of a page two different designs?
Is it made of card stock?
What is the weight of this paper? Is it Cardstock or paper?
Are thes paper good for decoupage?
Are these papers good for decoupage?
Can these papers be used on crafts that will then be sold commercially?
how many sheets are of the same design?
Can this machine cut craft felt?
i etch glasses i would like to know if this product will allow me to print words and letters in different fonts on contact paper?
is it any good without internet?
does cricut mini works with all cricut catridges
Has anyone tried this machine with felt? How did it do?
can I import vector images to the software?
what is included with a new mini
Will this machine work with Mac's OS X 10.9.3 ?
Can I make cake or cookie stencils or window clings with this printers?
What are the Cartriages? Is it a folder of image options?
Would this work on a piece of slate that's used for cheese? Would it come off?
Does this work on wood-backed chalkboards?
It says "1 pack" in the product description. how many are in the "pack"?
Does this product work well on blackboard vinyl wall posters?
does it wipe of chalkboard paint
can this be used on other mediums
Does it work well with chalkboard painted walls?
Does it work well on the vinyl chalkboard labels?
Will this wipe off of a dry erase board?
Is there a way to make this ink permanent or semi-permanent? Maybe saran wrap it and heat it, or use a spray?
I already own paper piercing tools and use them as die picks. Is this different from or better than those?
How rubbery is the grip? I need to put it in and take it out of an elastic pen loop type of thing and don't want it to stick every time.
Will this work well as a paper piercing tool?
Approx. how long is this tool with the cap on?
The Big Shot advertises it cuts and embosses. Can the Big Kick emboss?
Can Spellbinder dies be used in this machine?
difference in big shot and big kick
so the Big Kick Can do everything the Big Shot can do including 6 inch dies? Which is better, Big Shot, Big Kick or ?
what is the difference between the Big Shot and the Big Kick, is it the size of paper it will emboss?
How deep is the top tray?
how many sections does the bottom section have?
What is the measurement from where the lock goes in to the base? I am ordering a small padlock and don't wnt it to be too large.
How does the tray come out? Does it lift out easy or is it snapped in?
What are the outside dimensions? Because of the space I'm going to store it, this information would be helpful.
Can sizzix movers &amp; shapers L die card circle flip it's be use with the cuttlebug are the embossed
how many dies are in this one
Could you place a longer card stock, letting it hang out each end, to make a 5 X 7 card? I hope this isn't a stupid question!
what is the diameter of the circle?
Are your flip card dies. Ompatible with the Cuttlebug machine?
I am new to this, what type of needle is used, and what type of fabric is used, I am looking for something that is used as a punch needle.
I'm So Glad that this product is satisfying....HOWEVER - May I Ask Please 'What Size Embroidery Hoop is Reccomended 4 this project? Thank You
Does this come with the crewel yarn?
Does this kit include the pillow cover?
Please tell me..... what type of needle to buy and the size needed for this project?
I'm brand new to needlework. What additional supplies would I have to buy in order to complete this project?
What is the difference between this and the Bigshot?
Just getting started with these machines. Looks like this May cover it all. My question is...what else do I need with this machine to get started.
Will this folder work on this machine? Brand: Spellbinders Theme: Floral Labels 4 Includes one embossing folder Dimensions: 7.5 x 5.5 inches (folder
This says "Machine only" but in the description it lists that it comes with the platform, shim and cutting pads. Can you clarify please?
I purchased the Sizzix BIGkick Machine but cannot get it to work. Do not know what I am doing wrong. Do you have any suggestions? I love making car
Will this machine cut the sizzix larger dies?
Hi, I am trying to verify if this Vintaj Bigkick comes with the solo platform and shim and the cutting pads. Description unclear .I did read the reviews, but worried because the same machine listed from a different supplier (and more expensive) shows...
So for 59.99 do I get the cutting plates &amp;instructions &amp;box etc?
Is the platform the extended one?
Does it include Solo Platform, Solo Shim, and Standard Cutting Pads?
How many dies come with this? I've seen some that come with several dies. Very confused!
do I need to buy anything else with this product or will I get everything to make this card?
What size paper do I start with?
Do I need the extended platform and plates for this item?
Can this be used in the Wizard (for Spellbinders)?
This can be used with a Big Kick, right?
Does this work with the cuttlebug?
What is the recipe for using it with your cuttlebug?
doe this cut all three of the pieces at once
Is Stephanie Barnard Labels Fancy #4 the framelits that coordinates with this Fancy Frame Flip-its?
Will full size computer paper fit inside? 8x5x11
I am looking for a case that is exactly 12 X 12 X 2 What are the exact measurements?
Why does the product description say 15 x 3.2 x 14.2 inches but customers are saying it is much smaller?
Why does the description say 15 x 3.2 x 14.2 inches but customers say it is much smaller?
Does it say "Art Bin" or have any text on the outside of the box? Thanks.
What are the outside dimensions please? This info would be great on the ad page.
what are the dimensions of this case in inches?
Do you have to cut out all the letters? Can this die be used to cut only a few select letters, for example, to make the word, "hello"?
hi what is the size of output letters?
Hi can you tell me what size the letters are? And can they be used in the grand Calibur ? Thank you
May I know how I can use this with my big shot?
Do you send this item to Spain?
May I know how I can use this with my big shot?
does it have temperature control
Does it have a pointed tip for soldering jewelry?
Will this cut through the craft foam poster boards to do intricate curves like on a monogram?
Would it work in india
Would it work in india
I'm looking for something to separate rubber stamps from their wood blocks and then trim the stamps. Would this item work for this?
You think it would be helpful to cut thick cardboard? I have been looking for a tool that could make small cut outs in a piece of watercolor board.
I don't see a cord in any of the images supplied, but I would be surprised to learn that this were a battery-powered device---what sort of power does it use, and what sort of wattage does it draw? Thanks.
Can you use it to cut satin fabrics so that it seals it and doesn't fray?
How many W does this iron have and can it be used as an Soldering Iron? Thanks Bunches! :)
Can this item be used for wood burning? I am looking for a tool that I can do small lettering on a wood surface. it wold also be helpful to know if it can be used to treated wood, or wood that has a clear varathane on it.
Would this work to cut stencils from recycled plastic (water bottles, blister packs, similar thin plastic)? Would I need a different tip or tool?
Is the Purple cow 5050 melt craft iron electric or battery operated?
can this be used for foil embossing?
i need something to repair an earring post that broke. will this do the job?
How does this work for cutting and sealing ribbon pieces? Thanks!
can you use this in a cuttle bug?
When closed, this card looks square and would be hard to find envelops to fit the size. Can it be made to fit any size envelop?
Is this a framelit die or a steel blade die?
Do you know if this set can be used to make a bigger card than what's seen on the photo. The card looks square &amp; would be hard to find envelops.
Are there any instructions or videos on how to use it?
Let's try this again... can I use this in my Cuttlebug machine (not cricut as first posted)
Can I use this in my Cricut machine?
Is it possible to cut FELT with this?
What is the finished size of the tree?
If the embossing folder is NOT used, will I get just a plain tree which is what I need. Thanks, Linda
Is it compatible with the sizzix bigshot?
is it really sharp?
If they are washed in the dishwater will they rust?
how many inches long is the blade?
Are these good for everyday average use? (not craft use) thanks!
Would these be a good option for cutting craft vinyl?
i have a made in USA scissor I used for 10 years and it's staring to wear. how long do these chinese last?
Do these open all the way? So I oould also use it as a sharp blade to open a box?
Are these non-stick scissors? They look exactly like the Scotch non-stick scissors I purchased with titanium blades. Thanks
can u cut hair w/them
can i cut meat with it?
is it flexible ?
what is the hieight ?, etc. ???
Does she have pierced ears?
Will the face look exactly like it does in the pictures above? Some reviewers say it's the same stance but not the same face.
Does this mannequin have a curvy butt?
Can I get one like this in sizes 12- 16 for women?
What does PS-G2 mean?
I saw 5 different photos, I want to buy the manequin from the second photo (from above to below) - the tan color one. How can I do that? Thanks!
what does the rating mean ? the quality of plastic or number of removable parts ? can you provide metal stand instead of glass ?
Does this plastic female mannequin flesh tone + base bend at the waist so that I can have her seated in a chair?
Does the CE8080PRW have a foot pedal speed control?
I'm having a difficult time locating a hard carrying case for this machine. I did purchase the Brother Model 5300, but I think it's too big.
does this machine come with needles and bobbins?
Where can I purchase power cord and pedal for this item?
will this machine sew leather
does it do embroidery?
will it sew swim suit material good?
what size monograms does this make
We lost the manual. Where can I get a copy?
Does the Brother CE8080PRW sewing machine have a plastic housing?
would this hat hoop work on pe 770 &amp; 780d brother
Does this work with Janome Memory Craft 11000 special edition.
Will this work with the Brother SE-400?
will this work on my singer quartet seqs-6000?
Will it work with the Pfaff 2140 or the Creative Sensation?
Will this work on a Singer Futura XL 400?
good morning these hoops are for the singer futura XL550
Has anyone used this on a BabyLock Ellisimo, single needle machine? Or has anyone had luck on a single needle machine in general?
Will this work on a Babylock Spirit machine?
does this work with babylock ellego bll
I wanted to use this to tie back a medium sized juniper tree, rather than trimming it; is this cord suitable?
twisted cord..? no sheath; correct? if cut with a very smart knife, will a lighter flame fuse the cut ends?
I'm looking for a cord maybe 5mm in diameter. Is that what this is?
I want to use this to repair my wind chime. How flexible is it?
would this work to string tube wind chimes for outside
i want to crochet with it. What milimeter is #18 twisted nylon string ?
Would this be a good size cord to use for restringing a wind chime? Thanks for any input.
I am not sure of the size I need. Is a size 8 larger or smaller than 18?
Greetings. Can you tell me please, for the Super-Lon Cord Size #18, is the Silver color actually metallic or just a silvery grey? Thank you!
Greetings. Can you tell me please, for the Super-Lon Cord Size #18, is the Silver color actually metallic or just a silvery grey? Thank you!
Is this fabric good for making shorts
washing directions?
I'd like to make a hammock/swing for my children. Will it support a 60 lb child?
Is the water resistance of this fabric?
could beads be attached to it for a costume?
Is this good material for an ice skating costume?
Do you nave not stretchable 0.5 mm fabric?
making a waist band, will it work?
How thick is the material (in mm if possible)?
I am looking for about 90 yards of black fabric. Would you happen to have this in stock?
Hello is this available to thick fabric such as Jean,leather something like that ? How thick fabric can be sewed well ?
what"s the warranty on singer 6180
What does Factory Serviced mean? Does this mean it is a used machine?
Hello, it is 110V or 220V, 50Hz or 60Hz or 50/60Hz ........ thank you
which voltage? Is OK to use in spain?
Is this machine self-feeding?
does it monogram?
Can it handle thick fabric well?
I want to personalize plastic tumbler cups for favors for my daughter's birthday party. Will these markers work on clear plastic?
Can you use to decorate acrylic ornaments?
Will they write good on the spray painted surface? And will they change color if I clear coat it?
I have been using them on mugs, and all the colors stay... except black, even after I've already baked them... What should I do to make it stay?
Would these be difficult for 5-9 year olds to use, and about how long do you think they last? Thinking of decorating mugs with my 4-H group. Thanks!
Has anyone used them on fabric? If so, was it washable? Thanks!
HOw to the tip sizes compare to regular Sharpie markers. Are the fine and medium comparable to the standard Sharpies I have at home?
Do you ship to Canada?
Do you post to Australia ?
Does the color wheel shown come with it?
can you use these on glass that you bake to set the enamel paint?
Is there any place I can find a list of ingredients in these paint pens?
Would these work to draw on leather?
Can I use these on paper envelopes? I'm wondering if they'll be too watery and ruin the paper?
Has anyone tried them on stone? Wanting to make story stones for my son.
Can I use these to paint leather shoes?
Would these work well for someone who would like to paint on canvas with brushes/paints, but easier to clean up afterwards?
Will these work on painted canvas?
Can you use sharpie paint markers on books?
Will these bleed through paper? Thinking of getting them for coloring. ..
Will these work for singer futura FQ4?
will these hoopsworkwith a Baby Lock Unity? They look like they'll work, but I'm afraid to place an order without knowing for sure. Thanks!
Will the cap and hat hoop work for a Baby Lock Unity machine?
For how long does a blade least?
Why is a single pack $8.17 and a double pack $21 something?--That doesn't make sense.
Hi, I have the original Quick Kutz silhouette machine that has three different coloured spacers for the blade, will this replacement work?
and can also work with silhouette SD machine?
how does one extend the life of the blade? I have tracked my usage and I don't do many if any doilies cuts. I change blade approx. every 2-3 months!
What are the sketch pens used for?
Works with the Silhouette Portrait?
Is this the newest one, with de 'screw' on top so it is easy to clean the blade?
What material is this blade used for? paper, vinyl, fabric???
What is the interior measurement of one section with the dividers in place? what is the exterior measurement of the whole box with the lid closed?
Will this hold 6x6 paper pads? I was worried because the size said 6.2" and wondered if that was cutting it too close if the lid id molded in a weird
What is the inside measurements? Will it hold the 5x7 embossing folders?
Would this bin hold cds in their cases?
Will a DVD case fit in this box?
how many of these bins will fit into the AtrBin tote on wheels
Would this be able to fit about 58 2oz bottles of Crafter's Paint?
Do you happen to know how many 4x6 photos this could hold?
can it hold dvd boxes?
Has anyone used this to store 5x7 embossing folders? (like the Anna Griffin ones) If so, how well do they fit, and about how many fit?
I would like to use this lace to add length to my daughter's dress. Would this work ?
how much lace do u get for 3.98?
Is the price per yard?
Does the black lace have the same pattern as the pink? Or its the same as shown in the picture?
How thick is this product?
What is the width of this fabric? Looking to make table overlays for a wedding.
I want a film on my window, would this fabric keep eyes out
Is it bivolt?
how do u thred the lower needles?
Can u use this machine like a regular sewing machine as well?
i bought some machines and would like to know if you can send in original box on. they are not repackaged.
I can use leather with this machine?
How do you adjust the size of the stitches to baby overlock for children clothing?
is the trimming blade removeable
is this a good machine to buy . i really need an over locker. please answer truthfully
My upper looper bent after 2 months of light use. I cannot find parts in the U.S. Any idea where I might source parts for this machine?
Hi, I need to know if this machine is the one for sewing underwear, specially Bra..
Will the cutter make angle cuts on bottles?
I purchased a bottle cutter maxhine from kent supplies the cutter did a great job on 12 bottles..now does not score any more
Are you able to cut bottles that are wider in the middle than they are at the bottom?
Can you cut square bottles with this machine?
replacement cutter where to get and how long does it last
How long do you have to keep the flame on the score line? NOT WORKING! :(
Is this the rite size to cut regular size wine bottles?
Is this product made in the United States?
Is it able to cut the bottle necks?
When fully extended, how far up the bottle is the cut?
Sizing
Is the leather in these gloves synthetic or animal hide?
What is the recommended way you define the size of the gloves? thanks
Where can you find a hard covered case to put the LX2500 into?
Can this sewing machine be used for cording?
I am not sure of everything this sewing machine can do but can someone tell me if it can can be used to attach buttons to shirts and pants?
does this machine make good buttonholes easily?
how to operate
Does the LX2500 Lightweight have a carrying handle
What needles work on this machine? I can't seem to find specific ones...so am I just missing them?
is the inside mechanism plastic or metal?
I want to purchase a small sewing machine for my 7 year old granddaughter. Have any suggestions which machine would be best for a 7 year old wanting to learn how to sew?
What are the dimensions of the actual machine?
does this machine work on battery
What kind of bobbins does this machine use? I need the specific number or name or code or whatever will identify the type of bobbin to buy.
Durability and reliability? I just got rid of an inexpensive Brother computerized sewing machine whose instructions were much too complicated for my needs, and which had tension adjustment problems from the very beginning. I only need to do mending,...
I was just looking for a small machine that could attach Velcro, is this strong enough? Most fabrics are lightweight.
can I get a finger guard for this mini machine the regular janone guard does not fit
Does it come with a carrying case? If not, would it be too small for a standard, generic, carrying case?
Does the machine use standard home machine presser feet?
does it have a drop in bobbin?
Do these include a sheet of paper, or are they just the sleeves?
are these top loading &amp; will they accommodate a page on both sides?
This states it's a pack of 12. That seems a little expensive when it's over $1/page protector. Is this really a larger pack?
how many holes?
Can these pages be used in a post bound album instead of the 3 ring binders?
are these acid free and pvc free and non stick?
Are there double of each design?
What are the pocket dimensions?
I want to use the Project Life to scrapbook my son's pictures which were taken before the digital age. They are actually 3x5". Will that work?
Can you use these as double sided photo pockets (so when you flip it over, its another design/spreadsheet)? Or would cardstock paper be too thick?
Will they fit in the "Pioneer 12 Inch by 12 Inch D-Ring Sewn Leatherette Scrapbook Box" ?
What is the thickness of these projectors?
Is there any assembly requirements?
How do you adjust the height?
i have a Singer Featherweight--will this table work with it?
I don't understand the dimensions of this table. What does 19 34 and 28 14 mean?
How low can the adjustment be lowered? 2 inches, 3 inches, 4 inches?
What is the sewing machine cut off, hole, size on this table?
How much weight will the platform hold?. My machine is very heavy.
I have a font end bobbin loading. How easy or hard would this table be if I have to change bobbins?
What are the dimensiosns of this table?
I have an Arrow Shirley sewing desk with a custom insert, I am wondering if the inserts would work on this table as well?
Are these silver plated or just silver in color?
Do they fit Pandora style bracelet?
are they durable
Received item with a lot of flashing around the seams of each daisy, very light dull silver color. Is this the quality that others are receiving? Thx!
do they tarnish?
what is the weight of these are they heavy silver or light weight?
are they all the same color?
On the e-mail I received the price is $.38; when I click on the link the price shows up as $1.37 - why the difference???
What. Is Tibetan silver: What is Tibetan silver?
I bought the badger 10ft hose, but this hose will not connect to this compressor -- to large. What adapter is required? So frustrating!
So how do you adjust the pressure for this? If I wanted a consistent 20PSI how do can I do this with this compressor?
Could this be used in an apartment without disturbing the neighbors? I am concerned about noise levels.
does this compressor work with 220V power supply from mains?
Just got this and the included little adapter won't connect to the water trap?? Did this happen to anyone else? Also my water trap is crooked
So I plan to buy this compressor and I have the Patriot 105. What hose will I need to connect my airbrush to the moisture trap?
I discover that only 2 out of the 10 bulbs are working, not even on consistently. Any others with this problem?
does it come with a power cord?
How many lumens is it rated?
How does this plug in?
How long is the power cord?
Does it have the molded plug, or not?
How long does this light work before the bulb burns out ?
does this come with a power cord?
I'm sure this light would be great, but it will not stay attached to my machine. It seems like the magnet is not strong enough.
Can you use this on computerized sewing machines? Worried about the magnet.
Does it work on clothing and what is the drying time?
Will this work for touching up paint on a door and wall?For ex: my bathroom door has a black sharpie drawing on it.Will this work to cover it up?
Im looking for a marker to color in the name brand on my tires. I need it to be bright and visible &amp; not crack off when it dries. Can I use this pen?
Will this work on glass?
Will this work on a black painted wooden box?
Can I use it on a stove top
Is it decent graffiti marker?
I have a square key post that it 1/8 " How does it trasalte into mm?
What is the outer diameter, please? Is key too wide to fit a 9mm opening? (Our clock is Regulator 31-day pendulum with roughly 3.5mm square shaft.)
Your description states theer are five keys per piece, but the picture shows only four. Which is it?
I have a very old French Solid Brass Etienne Maxant Brevette clock with two mechanisms to wind up. I can provide a picture if you provide your email address. I am wondering if you can tell me if you THINK your key will fit my clock? Thx
will these fit a russian submarine clock
I need a key for Seth Thomas mantal clock with German movement it has this number 5606 it has two wind up on face
will these fit a 32" Welby starburst brass clock?
Does the blade lock in place?
Does this knife have a crooked blade for spoon carving?
where is this knife made?
Do the blades have secondary bevels?
Is the thread included in this sewing basket kit good quality? Will it work well in a sewing machine? Thank you.
Do the bobbins fit the brother's 6000 machine?
Why is it listed on the page for $28.54 but when I add to my cart the price goes up to $39.99?
Can the ruffle along the bottom be removed? Is it woven underneath the ruffle or something different from the woven basket seen above it?
Hi, What are the interior dimensions?
Size/dimensions
what is the size of this basket?
are these permanent on high gloss papers?
Do these show up on black paper?
How thick are the tips of the pens? I prefer a fine to med. around 0.7 or 0.8. Many glitter pens are too thick for letter writing.
Will these glitter pens work with the sillhouette cameo and its pen holder?
An idea when you'll be getting these back in stock? Love these pens!
I see that someone said the bag is made of plastic, does the bag feel cheap? Break easily?
How longis the drop handle? It doesn't look long enough to carry over the shoulderr.
does it have a top zipper? and what size photos does it hold?
Does this bag zip close at top?
What are the full product dimensions? 12 x 19 x what?
What are the pic sizes?
is the bag canvas? nylon? plastic?
Where is the lever for the drop feed?? I purchased this machine mostly for that feature and can't find it. In the description for this model it states the drop feed feature. Disappointed that it isn't on this model.
Is it possible to use it outside USA?
Can you use it to see on buttons?
does it have a drop in bobbin?
What is the difference between model 128 and 3128. My local store says they are the same. Are they?
Does a carrying case come with it?
Is this a full size sewing machine or is it a "mini"?
I am looking for something that will sew my dance costumes, will this do the job?
does this machine have a needle guard
What accessories does this machine come with?
I would like ot order the Janome 661, but need to know what accessories come with the machine. What kind of pressor foot, etc. is included?
Does this Machine come with a 1/4" presser foot.
Does this machine have a blind stitch setting for hems?
Does this machine have the needle down option?
Does the lower base detach for sewing pant cuffs/hems (?) Thanks !
How big is this machine? I am looking for a small machine to travel with.
I see that this machine has several built in stitches. Is one of them the blanket stitch?
Is this machine dual voltage?
Is this sewing machine too fast for a novice sewer? Does it go fast by just lightly tapping the foot pedal? How well does the LSS feature work?
Do the feed dogs drop for free form quilting?
what is the length of the roll?
I bought the pictures vinyl that says indoor/ourdoor. The one I was sent says nothing about indoor/outdoor as pictured is this the same thing?
Is it washable? For example, if I adhere it to a ceramic or glass cup, can I put it in the dishwasher or do I hand wash it?
How well would this adhere to bare wood like MDF?
is it ok to put on fabrics
How do you think the vinyl would adhere and stay on a cooler used for outdoor activities and camping?
Can this be used to make stencils for painting t-shirts?
Can you write on it with chalk?
Can you use this product to create (removeable) stencils for paper and other porous surfaces?
Is this a matte or shiny finish?
Can I make a large calendar from one roll of this? I'd like to make a 30"x45" calendar. OK with needing to put two pieces together.
Do hole punchers cut thru this? Im looking at using a heart hole puncher on it that makes 2 1/2 inch hearts
Is this dishwasher safe? (Ex: adhered to a dishwasher-safe glass or mug)
is this removable? I'm trying to make signs for a trade show booth and I have to be able to take it all the wall cleanly.
what are the product dimensions? It lists Product Dimensions: 12 x 2 x 2 inches and lists 12-inch tall and 4-feet long.....a little confusing?
Is there anything that can be done to avoid the "slipping" I am experiencing when used with my Silhouette? The rollers do not hold it in place.
Could you use this vinyl as a plain wall sticker? Would it stick enough ? I'd use 4 of these to cover a wall so we can write on it and not cut it.
Is this a permanent 651 vinyl?
Is this a sticker material?
Does regular kids chalk work on this?
Can I use the 12 x 24 cutting mat made for the Cameo machine, with my old Silhouette QuicKuts &amp; What's the diff between Silhouette mat &amp; Cameo mat?
How do you store you cutting mat? I threw away the blue film that was on it =(
How do you avoid thin paper from sticking to this and tearing?
does this come with one or two mats?
What's the difference between the replacement mat and the regular mat being sold here?
Has anyone used this for fabric?
why does my cameo shred my paper
How many times can you actually use the cutting mat until replacement is required? Can I use it for 100 papers?
Do these snaps work on the babyville pliers?
how/where do you choose the colors you want?
I want snaps that wont hold so strongly together because that might damage delicate fabrics. Is that the case of these snaps?
What sizes are available? I am interested in buying diameter larger than 14mm. What is the largest diameter you have?
What material are they made of? They are coated but what is the silver or gold coating?
Would I be able to get 2-22 gauge wires through the hole? I was wanting to make ear wires with these beads. Do they hold their color?
Do the beads have holes in them or are they solid
how big is the hole
Will 1mm waxed cord thread easily through the hole of this size bead?
Do these keys fit a square shank for winding? I have a vintage Timex nightstand clock with a square shank of 1.5 - 1.75 mm or about 1/16th inch.
will these work for wall clocks
would this group have a key for a large anniversary clock?
need a size 1 key for a little Cookoo wall clock, and don't see any here, I bought the set for Poket clocks but even the largest one is too small, the rest I see here for clocks the smallest one is a size 2, can you help me?
How long is the stem on these keys? OR how deep a hole will the key go into?
Will this work on a brother pq 1500s sewing machine?
How does it differ from the speed control slider on the front of the Brothers?Does it help with free motion or simply replace foot/knee control?Thanks
What all is included with this speed control? Cords, etc.? And will it work with the Janome 1600P?
Has anyone been able to get this to punch Monarch style pages? Monarch Pages are 8 1/2" x 11" with seven holes.
what is the narrowest distance between holes - I need 5/8" distance
I purchased the 5" x 3" Avery equally spaced 6 hole punched notebook and paper. I want to purchase clear page protectors. Will this work?
Will this work for Day Timer folio size (8.5 x 11) that have 7 holes that are 3-1-3?
what is the diameter of the holes punched?
will this work for B5 size paper for 6 holes binder and A4 size paper
Has anyone successfully used this item to punch 8.5" x 5.5" pages for a 7-hole planner (day-timer, franklin covey)? I want to be sure before I order.
will it punch 3 evenly spaced holes in 5.5 x 7 inch paper ?
Will this work on 3.75" X 6.75" 6 hole paper with holes 2" apart from center and 1' apart after that
I need small weights that will hold my holiday mantle scarf in place. These are not heavy enough. Any ideas?
I have outdoor voile-type curtains which blow all the time - what weight are these and how many - strong breeze all day.
want to use on shower curtain, how do these weights attach? thank you
What are the dimensions (length X width) of each weight?
How many weights are needed for a 40 inch wide panel. the drapes are light. The entire system has 12 panels
Can they be used with outdoor curtains? Will the lead bleed when wet and stain curtain?
Could these be added to a cloth shower liner to keep from blowing in?
Hi does this machine cut aluminum &amp; copper or brass sheet metal and up to what gauge? are you limited to only vintaj metals?
do the cutting plates come with it
What is the difference between this and the Sizzix BIGkick? What will the Vintaj Special Edition do that the regular BIGkick won't?
What is the difference between this and the Sizzix BIGkick? What will the Vintaj Special Edition do that the regular BIGkick won't?
Does this machine cut paper and fabric?
Does this machine cut paper and fabric?
Does this machine cut paper and fabric?
Does this machine cut paper and fabric?
What is included? Does this machine include Vintaj DecoEtch Die Set?
What width material does the Big Kick machine cut?
Can you use the silhouette cameo with a windows tablet or ipad?
I'd like to know how precise the cuts can be? To be more specific, If I have details that are less than a quarter inch thick, will it cut precisely?
Can you use your own designs created in Adobe Illustrator?
What voltage does this machine use (110v or 220v)? Hope it is dual voltage like most laptops and printers now...
I would like to know where the Silhouette Cameo is made?
Can you cut glitter cardstock? or chipboard?
In the starter bundle, does the cameo come with a blade already installed , along with an extra blade ?
Can this cut freezer paper??
Can't handcut my own design stencils any more due to arthritis--how do I use this machine to do my cutting for me?
how well does it handle fabric?
I recently bought this machine 24 "x 16" Sublimation Heat Transfer Press Machine Model PRO-460X but the timer does not work as I can do to repair?
I am getting a flashing HH and the press will not heat up. What is the issue?
any warranty or customer support after purchase?
would like to know the dimensions of the packaged product once that height, width has the product?
I have a mouse pad that is 14"x24", would this heat press work? Do I need some extra space to ensure it transfers the ink nicely on the mouse pad?
Is the digital temperature in fehrenheit or just celcius?
Can I use this machine to fuse the fabrics?
Is it works with 220 v ?
My Pro-460X won't heat and LL is across the screen???????
Can I use this unit to put interfacing on the back of t-shirts for quilts?
Friend, the weight is 88 pounds? because I think q is too. I need to know what weight to buy. thanks
Can I get the shipping dimension of this product/the length, height and width?
Is the temperature adjustable? If so, how do you change it and know what you have it set at?
im interested in more info of this machine. Do you use heat transfer vinyl? (like you would with the heat press t-shirt machine?)
Can this machine be used for regular wine glasses with a stem?
can this machine be used for glass as well as ceramic mugs?
Good day, I need to know exactly what the weight of the machine.
Do I count the machine weighs exactly?
could please state the package size is important for me to know the width and height of the box in which the product is, and final weight
this is really the shipping weight? 91pounds? Here in amazon are some similar with the have of the weight.
What are the power requirements of the PRO 8800x?
Can I print on any type of mug, or does it have to be a special sublimation product? Are there restrictions to what I can and cannot print on?
Package dimencion??
I was wondering if the "transfer" is actually just the ink transferring or is it like a transfer sticker type thing? Also the best printer ?
I can't get my machine to turn on. I plugged it in and connetcted the heat plate. What am I forgetting???
Do we have to buy a special inkjet printer to use with this too or only the ink and what Ink or Printer do you recommend?
Can anyone tell me the box dimensions for this machine packed. I need import from USA to Costa Rica
What Printer/Ink/Transfer paper works well with this?
shipping dimensions: Could you please advise what are the shipping dimensions?
Tried several types of mugs but the ink will not sublime-If I take the same print it transfers easily to fabric. What am I doing wrong with the mugs?
Can you use regular ink for creating sublimated cell phone cases?
Does anyone have the operating instructions for this.Thanks
can i buy replacement parts? The metal brackets are already broken
can be used with heat transfer vinyl ?
which is the net weight of the machine?
what votage to use it on
Will this machine apply up to 60 psi?
I received the unit with a European plug? Wondering why?
is it good for t-shirt's
Is there a PDF available of the owner's manual? I'd like to know how to switch between Celcius and Fahrenheit...
Hi ! This machine has some Warranty? How Long?
Hello! I wanted to know the shipping dimensions LxWxH. Please!!!
my display is acting up, beeping all the time and it won't set temperature.
can I do hats or mugs with this machine
Can I order parts for this model? I need the Operations box thermostat quit working and I hate to replace the whole press.
good to know me the weight machine to calculate the shipping to venezuela please
you would sell only.15 x11.5 flat/t-shirts,11oz.mug (3-3.5diameter),6x3cap press,12oz.latte mug(4.75diameter) because I do not require the plate.
What is the warranty?
Hi i wanted to know the shipping dimensions LxWxH
do i have to pay for sales tax? if so, how much?
When making a t-shirt, does the material bunch up in the clamshell opening? I'm leaning towards a swing away because I'm worried about the bunching
Where do you get parts for it ? RELAY . Does not keep Temperture
What is the base size and what do you recommend to set it on?
I cant set the temperature it just keeps climbing
I cannot get my timer to quit beeping, I try to seat the timer and it just beeps loudly. It's really frustrating that I can't set the timer. HELP!!!!
I cannot get my timer to quit beeping, I try to seat the timer and it just beeps loudly. It's really frustrating that I can't set the timer. HELP!!!!
I have had my machine for maybe one month and its not working properly . The temp will no longer go pass 89 degrees !! can someone please help me
Has anyone been using this for a year or more without issues? Anyone happy or not happy with the even heat across the whole pad? Thanks
does this work for rhinestones
What else is needed to start printing mugs? What type of printer, paper, and dyes are compatible? Do you sell the paper and dyes if needed? Thank you
I have not used my press for a few months and have misplaced the instructions on how to use it. Does any one know how to set the temperature:
The product description limits mug diameters of 3.5" and 4.75". Can a mug with a diameter between those numbers be imprinted?
I use this machine to sublimate glassware?
I do have one of this machines, but I need additional wraps. like latte, plastic bottles etc. How do I get one?
sells the cylindrical resistor 11 oz for this machine?
can I use sublimation paper with an inkjet printer and not use the ink?
Has anyone tried this press with a stainless steel travel mug?
Is there an attachment available for a 15oz latte mug?
Do you have to use white mugs only? Can you use colored mugs such as green?
Is your paper one side have color another side do not have color
do they have white?
size
Where is the paper made?
Where are these crayons made?
Are these crayons vegan?
Co website says they are NOT beeswax- clarify,please
are these scented
Would you buy these for older kids 7 and 8? And is there a skin color included in the box?
Are these washable? What's the best way to sharpen them?
can it be returned to a liquid state
Can it be used successfully in jewelry making?
can i glue coral to my fish tank while handling the pieces underwater?
What is the size of the loom,
could this be used to make children's socks? The 5 1/2" size is too big for kids.
Does this loom have grooves on the pegs like the looms for making hats?
pattern for flower
How much shrinkage when you take the flower off the loom? Has anyone tried rafia? Does it shrink as much as regular yarn?
How well does this product hold up on outdoor cushions that is exposed to the weather irregardless of the color?
On outdoor seating do we need to use Textile medium first?
Our outdoor seating cushions are grey will this cover as burgundy
Has anyone used this on an outdoor sectional seating fabric
How many do I need to paint 50 stack-able chairs ?
Is that 4-5 days till you send it out?? If so, Can you possibly ship this any faster than 4 or 5 days??
Is the Burgundy color true to what is on the can? I'm trying to decide between the Burgundy and the Brite Red
Is the Burgundy color true to what is on the can? I'm trying to decide between the Burgundy and the Brite Red
Would these feathers pretty much be a foot long? If so, then do you know somewhere I could get bigger ones so i could make a peacock costume?
Are these feathers from a cruelty free source?
I am looking for just the peacock (kongque) style. Are the 100pcs assorted in that or all colors?
How are these packaged? Just in an envelope?
For Cindy 189 - What is the differenct between your 100 Pcs Peacock Feathers 10"-12" and the HIGH Quality 10" - 12" feathers for $14.95
How long did shipping take? Where does it come from?
I plan to use the feathers in a single flower corsage; will the size of the feathers work for this type of project?
The product description states they're 10-12" but you say 6-8. Why the difference?
i'm a prime member. Do they ship to me in 2 days?
how big are these in inches &gt;
Can Sizzix embossing folders be used in the Cuttlebug?
Can the small folders be used on standard A4 card or do you have to use them on smaller pieces of cardstock and then layer them? I've heard the edges of small embossing folders can leave marks on cardstock that is bigger than the exact size of the...
Sizzix and cuttlebug folders: Can the Sizzix embossing folder be used in the Cuttlebug?
What comes with this order ? the title says one thing ... the description says another .. customers reports 1 or 2 not being sent ..
Can someone provide the actual measurement size, in inches, for the largest of these folders ... the one with the tree and the penguin?
Can Sizzix embossing folders be used with the Spellbinders Grand Calibur
Can you use embossing stencils as a regular stencil for painting?
Can you hand emboss these? New to crafting (17 no family crafters) I was wondering if a "embossing folder" is the metal sheet to hand emboss with.
When It says"Impressions Embossing", does it mean will it cut the picture format which comes in a pack?
can you use these in the cuttlebug
is this shiny silver or brushed silver?
I'm a little confused. The image shows individual nailheads but some reviews talked about the product being a strip. Can someone confirm how used?
Can these be used on a decorative pillow?
I've read that the nails are a different shade than the strip, is it possible to spray paint these?
what's the diameter of the nail-head?
How long is the roll?
what is the fiber content? I know it is velvet, is it poly? RAyon? silk? etc If a blend, please tellus how much of each,like 95% cotton 5 lycra. Thx
What is the pile like on this particular fabric?
I want 12 yards of this fabric but I would like to get answers to the following questions. Thanks. 1) Is this fabric durable for sewing for curtains
Is this fabric durable for sewing for curtains ? Can this fabric tolerate other laces sewed on it? How can I store this fabric?
Could this be used as upholstery fabric for a chair?
Hi, can you give 4 yards of uncut fabric in royal blue velvet and ship it?
Does this fabric have any stretch to it?
I need 10 yards. 1) Do you have 10 yards of this fabric? 2) What is the actual shipping price (to WA State)?
How many sheets of badge magic comes in a "kit"?
Sheet dimensions size
Will this work on badges that are meant to be ironed on or does it only work on badges that are fabric?
can you use badge magic on swade or leather
Is badge Magic a powerful peel and stick adhesive. No ironing or sewing needed
Can this stuff stick to leather?
What if you need to change a badge? Can they be unstuck with a hair drier if I need to change a badge? Can a badge be removed all together?
Will this work to adhere patches on a slick rain type jacket?
Does this work on nylon?
How do you remove badge magic from shirt
these dish towels do not absorb water at all, it's like wiping dishes with nothing; why?
Where are these towels made?
Are them hemmed
Would these be suitable to use in rolling up pumpkin rolls, jelly rolls, etc., after baking, for cooling purposes?
Can you explain how the one step button hole works?
Where is this machine made?
What size bobbins do I order and from where, so I can order extra. Have not received machine yet.
Does this come with a cover or case
How do I know what kind of stitches the letters stand for? Most machines have it drawn out on the machine, but I don't see it in pictures.
Does this machine have a needle guard for kids' fingers?
Is the foot pedal that comes with this machine sturdy for an adult?
Does this machine has a speed control slider and reverse button? Thanks
What is the stitch length regulator on this? One of the dials on the front? Is there a good range of stitch lengths?
I read that some models don't come with a foot pedal. Does this one come with everything I'll need to start sewing right away?
What's in the box? Does it come with a foot or runs from a button? Are the feet snap on style? They sure left out a lot of details! Thanks!
Will this do Monogram / build-in alphabets?
Does it run smooth and quietly or is it 'clunky'
should I buy this for intermediate cloth doll &amp; doll clothes sewing vs brother/singer cheaper machines? no quilting.
Where is this machine made?
Can you sew with the start stop button without any footpedal plugged in at all? Spanks.
does it come with all the accessories such as extra bobbins, ect?
What is this machine made from? Other vendors describe thte 18750 as aluminum die-cast "heavy duty."
Does it have a metal or plastic bobbin hook?
what are the dimensions of this item?
How wide is the bottom?
How do they come, 8 pieces per size?
How wide is the bottom?
page descript says usually ships in 2-3 days, but checking out says 17-28 days - how long is shipping?
Are they original peacock feathers or artificial?
If i order these today what is the quickest and latest day i will recieve them?
I would like to paint a wall (already white) to make a glow wall. How many square feet will each 2 ounces effectively cover? What is the best medium?
Hi, can I mix this with nail polish?
Would this work if I mixed it with concrete (I'm making garden stepping stones)?
Can this be mixed in resin?
How does it look with clear paint on walls during the day?
Can you mix this with water based or plastisol screen printing inks? It will with stand the heat of the curing process, but will it withstand washing?
What is the mix ratio...how much of this powder do you use per 1 oz of paint.
Can this be mixed with gold fabric paint? We will be making a design on a black t-shirt and want to see the design in gold by day and glowing by night
Can I use this powder to transform ordinary bubble bath into (child-safe) glow in the dark bubble bath?
I am also a nature photographer, can this be used to import a digital photo to convert to cross-stitch design?
Does PC Stitch 10 work with Windows 8?
I need to know if this program will take a b &amp; W picture and convert it to a pattern in gray tones (keeping the sketch b &amp; w look). Can't find out ho
Does the software pick the matching colors for your picture for you? Or do you have to assign them?
Can I assign it the number of squares I want to work with? example 20 squares across and 25 down ? I want to convert a Simple picture to granny squar
Does it come with a registration code to unlock the downloadable demo version?
I have an older version and could never get the colors to look like the picture. Did anyone else have this problem? I finally gave up.
can i use this program to make graphgan patterns /
Will this software work for creating hardanger charts?
How does it work with a MAC?
Im new to this.....what kind of compressor do you need to power this gun?
I just got this to replace a Duff airbrush for cakes. There is air coming out, but the paint isn't. Any ideas?
does it come with any needles
Hello, can this be used for makeup?
I got this from you. When I fix it to Kopykake Air Master, hose popes out when I start the machine. Brush is fully blocked till I press lever?
does this come with all you would need to power it up or is it just the gun?
I see the gun is setup for a clamp on hose, but what brand of screw-on type hose fits it (Iwata, Badger, Master, Paasche) etc?
what kind of hose should I purchase with this tool?
Are other size nozzles available for or compatible with this brush?
Does the hose fitting unscrew from the body of the sprayer? in other words, can I swap the fitting out with a different style?
Sewing machines
is this machine about the same as sq 9000?
This machine works in countries with 220v ac .?
How easy is the programming the monogram feature?
Is this machine recommended for use in countries that do not support 120V AC?
Is this a free arm machine
Can you tell me the inside diameter of the hole?
Are the holes big enough to pass yarn through (2ply to 4ply)?
Do these beads have an odor? Other polymer products that I have ordered do:( and it is unpleasant
do these deads have holes in them to make bracelets/necklaces? Thanks
what is the green part made of? also, what type of plastic is it-is there a recycle triangle with number in it? thank you!
Has anyone else had issues with the green table part not sitting entirely flush on the base? ours wobbles :( trying to figure out if defective?
What is the size of just the removable top? I'm trying to determine how many lego bases I would need to buy to cover it. Thanks!
I am looking for a table my 5 year old son can build legos on? Would this table work for that?
What chairs would you recommend for use with this table?
Do any chairs come with the Activity Table?
what would be the top age for this table?
What is the measurements of the storage bins?
What are the dimensions of the green playing surface?
Does it come with the chair that is shown in the pictures?
I need to buy snap plastic size 16, how I can do?
Can I make these diapers on a half yard of fabric? Or would I need a yard to do most projects?
Are all the patterns for fitted diapers? Is there a one-size pattern?
Does this book include any patterns with an (optional) absorbent pad pocket or way to include an absorbent pad?
Wouid these work with a Go cutter or any kind of compression cutter?
will this work with original (red) sizzix die cut machine?
can u use it ti cut felt ?
what else do I need for this product? Does it brings cutting stuff? thanks :D
Does this one work in the Grand Calibur?
Hi, does this die set work for Cuttlebug? Thanks!
does it cut through felt?
will sizzix work on cuttlebug machines
Do these dies have to be used with a cutting machine, or can they be used on their own?
Hi, it is compatible with cuttlebug? thanks
how do you store these dies safely so they don't get ruined?
I'm looking for a die that cuts a frame that has a 4" circle outside diameter and a 3" hole diameter. Will this do what I want?
Do I need a magnetic platform or shims to use this on the BigShot?
Does it work with the original red die cut mavhine
What are the sizes of each of the circles.
Can you use this on the Sizzix Big Shot Pro Machine?
Do theses actually punch hearts ? or are they just stencils ?
what is the size of the largest heart you can cut - please state widest part and from top to bottom?
Can this die cut be used on a Big Shot machine?
I need a single heart that I can position where I want. Are the dies single hearts or multiple hearts?
Has anyone used this to die cut tougher material like leather or chipboard?
Can you use this with the Fabi machine on fabric?
I have access to an Ellison dye cutter at school? Am I able to use this with an Ellison dye cut machine?
Has anyone used this heart set to cut felt?
can these dies be used with cuttle bug machine?
Do I have to have the heat press or can I use a normal Iron? Are there specific instructions for the iron method?
The title says it's iron on yet the product description says, "We DO NOT recommend hand iron application for this product." Is this iron on paper?
Can you iron the transfers with household iron?
do you by the paper or a special ink or a printer... what are you axualy buying?
are these balls metal / gold plated or plastic / gold plated?
do these beads tarnish quickly after use?
how large is hole
hello these balls are gold plated 22k,
hello these balls are gold plated or chrome are few carat gold ok,
How many beads per inch when strung?
hello these balls are gold plated 22k,
Does it run 56'' on all sides? Like a square?
which way does the zigzag run on the roll ?
When you order more than one yard does it come in one full piece?
Is this indoor/outdoor like some of your other fabrics?
Is it truly grey and white?
If I order "5" does that mean i will receive 5 yards attached together?
Where does the fabric come from?
how many yards is this fabric?
I am confused. It says that it's 44" wide and that it's $11.20 .....but doesn't give the length. Is it $11.20 per yard?
Is this 100% cotton or if not, what is the percentage of cotton in this fabric?
I see that you can ask for multiple yards but do they all come in one piece or are they separate pieces?
how many yards? or is it for one yard? thank you
what size are the brushes in this set?
Hi, I ordered this set of brushes long time ago, but now I found the their lables are "ussuri sable", not Kolinsky. Would you explain why this happen
How are these for acrylic?
are these made of pure sable or the in combination with syntetics
Are they long handle or short? Thanks.
length: does anyone know how long the roll is?
I have a cricut. Is this pretty much the same thing as cricuts transfer paper? Will it work with my cricut?
Is this transparent? Can you see where you are placing the Vinyl through this at all?
is the grid on the paper or the part that you adhere to the vinyl?
Is this for clothing?
Does this one can be used in the inner side of the glass face of the kitchen cabinets doors?
Do you heat transfer with this transfer paper still over the vinyl? I guess I am asking if you can use a hot iron on this product?
Is this for light or dark clothes?
Is it reusable or a one time shot?
does this have backing paper on it? or is it rolled onto itself?
Approximately what are the sizes?
About how many pine cones are in 2 lbs?
About how many pinecones are in the box?
Can a regular pen be used on this paper? What works best with drawing and writing with this type of paper?
Can the sheets be rolled/unrolled easily without drying and breaking/cracking?
Why do the sheets dry out so quickly and roll up when taken out of package?
How many mm is the opening?
Do they fit Pandora style bracelet?
Does Tibetan silver contain nickel?
will they work on the pandora charm braclet ?
i am new at jewelry making which beads should I use to do bracelet or necklets I don't know how to look for there size
is it pandora compartable
What are the measurment of the box itself?
When you fill the pans with colours from tubes do they stay moist in this box?
is the bottom piece which holds the pans removable? also is there a thumb ring on the bottom of the box?( other similar products had these features)
Will Windsor Newton Half Pans fit into this box?
What are the dimensions (in INCHES) of the box CLOSED and OPENED? Thank you.
What are the dimensions (in INCHES) of the box CLOSED and OPENED? Thank you.
What are the brownish things in the picture?
Does it come with empty half pans or do you have to order them separately? How do they stay in? Can you add a middle row?
What size is the box and will Van Gogh pans fit into this box
I have the Schminke box like this one, and the sides of the base and fold out palette are razor sharp - are the edges of this box sharp like that?
Can this be used with aluminum oxide for glass etching?
anyone know how to adjust the air pressure?
Can this run Enamels through it ?
Can this be used to paint 1/10 scale plastic RC car bodies with acrylic paint??
whats the difference between this a twin piston? Im new to these machines. Thanks
How easy and portable is this machine? Plus is this airbrush able to be use as a dual purpose for both nails and makeup??
what is the min &amp; max psi ?
Is this a good choice for painting with a stencil?
Can I use this airbrush to paint cakes with edible gel paint?
Does the compressor shut off when you are not spraying?
Will this foot fit my Brother XR1355? I don't see it listed.
I am disappointed that the foot has plastic parts. For the price, I expected all metal. Do they all have plastic parts?
does it come with the pressure foot or do I buy that separately?
Will this fit the XR9500PRW I hope so I bought it. book listed it but here it didn't
is this item an actual Brother sewing foot?
How do you find out which gauge is smaller or larger. Do they have a guide for that?
Are you sure these are glass beads and not plastic? I recently purchased some that were supposed to be glass, but when they arrived they were not
what is the size of these beads in mm????
what is the size of these beads in mm????
How big is the diameter of the hole of the bead? I need beads that can accommodate a 2 mm cording.
what size are these
Would this fit on embroidery floss? I'm trying to make bookmarks and I'd like to ad a bead above the tassel.
Can you fit a pipe cleaner through the hole?
Is 50 for .96 cents or each
Am I correct in assuming these have holes drilled in them?
Can you use this for Duracoat paint for firearms?
Does the compressor have a moisture trap?
Can you use acrylic paint in this? I want to use it for my paintings not for model work.
Can this over heat? What is the time frame for use before it shuts off or gets to hot?
Hi, what kind of pressure will this compressor deliver? will it give you the 30psi siphon feed guns need?
can you use alcohol inks with this brush, or do they dry too quick?
Does the compressor is automatic?
why does air come out of the side of the single action airbrush? I pretty sure it is broken
Does any one have this issue? I got this kit, but after a while the compressor wont stop running when set psi reached. Been using for a couple months.
Is this a oil less compressor?
I need to know how many ounces (aprox) I need to fill up a cushion for a bench 52 x 16 inches. Thank you.
Hello there! I need to order more than four bags. Will you have more quantities soon?
Will this work as a down alternative for stuffing a comforter? I am looking for something light and fluffy, like Primaloft.
how many pillows will this make?
Would this be suitable for snow in a photo shoot winter scene? Also, to fill an area of about ten feet by five feet, how much would be needed? Thank
How much stuffing would I need for a 5 or 8 inch teddy bear?
would this work with a bluetooth speaker to add better quality sound?
this fill is going into a back cushion on a sofa, how long will it last inside a back sof a cushion?
Would this be ok to use with mini LED lights (http://amzn.to/1scAHup) wrapped in it that would be on for around 10hrs at a time?
Can this be used for outdoor applications? Will it run the risk of getting mildew/moldy?
I want to make my own dipped gloves for working. Will this work for that?
Hv65 molding latex mask will last how long
How many masks were you able to get out of the one gallon of latex?
I am trying to find a product that I can dip wooden sticks in so I have a rubberized handle, will this work?
Can I use this to make molds for casting concrete?
can i use this product on a latex doll i will want to cover the whole doll 2 or 3 times
is it safe to use on skin for masks?
Would this glue gun be appropriate for card making and attaching ribbons, bling etc? Does it advance the glue sticks well? The cheaper ones sure don't
My current Hot glue is great BUT the glue comes out super fast so I sometimes get huge gobs of glue on my crafts. Does this gun have good flow control
what temperature does this gun reach?
does it come with glue sticks?
is it suitable for bonding fabric?
What diameter hot glue sticks does it take?
Are the Surebonder 6000 Glue Gun Nozzle Assortment Set, 3-Piece compatible with this gun?
How long is the power cord and does it have the no drip tip like the Surebonder DT-280F Dual Temperature?
I accidentally ordered 4"x0.27" sticks with this gun. And it doesnt seem to work. Will it really not work with smaller and thinner stick?
I'd order your Surebonder Pro2, I also want black glue sticks. How strong are the black sticks?
Are the Sullivans Cutting Mats 'self healing' after cutting material on them with a rotary cutter like the OLFAs, Fiskars, Alvins are? I can't find any product info on them for this. Thanks &amp; Regards
I have the Sullivans Home Hobby Table, which I use for my sewing projects. Question for more experienced sewers: do you think the mat is useful? So far I don't think I will need it, but I'm a beginner. Thanks in advance.
Can we steam iron on this mat?
how tall is the table
Can this be rolled up for storGE &amp; TRANSPORT?
What is the height of the table?
I've got a mat that's been rolled up for a while. How to I attach it to a table so it's perfectly flat?
Can I iron fabric on this?
what are the dimentions
after it's unrolled, does it stay flat, or does it roll up on the table easily
What size tips are included?
I have noticed that glue no longer comes out. Do I need to refill my wand with a certain glue and how do I do that?
i would like to find out if the voltage is universal? we use 220v in South Africa. thank you
I am not able to get the stones to adhere to the clothing with the hotfix tool. I am using hotfix stones...
Can you use this tool on tuille, without melting the fine fabric? I am Making a bridal veil.
does this tool pick up the stones and release them where you want to place them? Do you have to put the stone in place first, then heat?
Can I use the 5mm flat tip on a 3mm crystal?
Does this applicator work with swarovski crystals only, or can it be used for studs as well?
Can not get the glue to melt, thought I had a non working tool. Second one does not heat enought What am I doing wrong. I have followed step and let on for way longer than instructions say
hi there can I use this to apply hot fix spikes and studs?
what size are this crystals? thanks
are they flat back ?
Whjat size are these? I am used to using 4mm Swarovski Crystals with my L Orna hot fix wand as I have that size tip. Size listed would be helpful.
how are these different from all the other rhinestones that claim swarovski ab? i am looking to purchase some crystals i just want them to be the real
I have never used these before. Can you put them on jewelry with a hot glue gun? Do they go on anything?
how big are the stones
Are they all clear or are some a colour?
can I use this to cover a ottoman or a few chairs? How many do you think I'd need to order? The pattern is beautiful I have two chairs at need work.
Just to confirm...the price is per yard, correct? So for $11.98 you would get a piece of fabric that is 54" x 36" - is that correct?
I would like to purchase 15 yards of this material..if I do, will it come in one continuous run, or will it be 15 pieces??
What is the length?
could i use this to make a blanket?
could i use this to make a blanket?
what is the size of this fabric?
What's the width per yard if length is the yard?
Is this fabric suzani summer land turquoise and mustard yellow or is is green and village blue. All websites they all look different in color. I
Does it come with any extra feet, bobbins, attachments, needles, tools?
Why does the stitch plate have to be changed to do free motion quilting?
Does this machine have a drop in bobbin?
What is the motor amperage? Has anyone sewn leather with it. What weight?
Does this machine take a generic metal bobbin? And is the throat space big enough to FMQ on?
can this machine sew leather
Warranty? Local area dealers in MN
I have a New Home 8000 are the feet and bobbins compatable?
Having trouble with thread breaking when quilting. Any suggestions?
Does this machine have a presser foot pressure adjustment?
Which is the best embroidery software for this mashine?
How do I transfer from a disc to the computer and then to a reader card to place in my machine?
I am comparing a baby lock Ellure vs. the Janome 9700. Any opinions?
Does this machine take the GigaHoop?
what is the difference of the 9900 embroidering and the 9700 offered here
what size bobbin does the Janome 350e memory craft use
I have a ton of Thread Art embroidery thread.....will this work well in the Janome Embroidery machine? What thread do you use? THanks!
Is the Janome 350e an embroidery ONLY machine? Or can it also be used for 'regular' sewing?
how do i find designs or software to put on ubs stick for janome 350e i tried pc card and it does not fit
where do I buy a card for the janome350e machine
What size USB stick can I use with this machine?? The other comments were totally confusing! Thanks so much!
What size USB memory sitick should I use in janome 350E embroidery machine
How do I fix the tension on my janome craft 350e as I get lots on birds nest and every thing I do doesn't help
My Janome 350e has to be rethreaded every 2 minutes or so. What is wrong?
Does this machine do appliques? If so where could I find instructions?
where is this box made, please? also, what kind of wood is it? thank you!
What size are the paint tubes in ounces?
I order this product but i want to ask something the paints tubs its caming bigger?
I am a photographer in need of a dummy to practice lighting. I wonder if her facial features are dimensionally similar to a live person.
do any of the joints move, including the head
I want to put a pair of boots on body? Can leg/foot detach from the base??
are the arms and legs detachable??
Is the head detachable?
RESOLVED QUESTION - TYVM FOR ALL YOUR HELP! _____________________________________... Can this be worn over eye glasses?
can i use this device to do skin analysis?
Can the right eye small magnifier be moved to the left side? And, does this item come w/batteries? - tia
Also, can the light be positioned on this magnifier? If so, is it very bright &amp; how well does it hold up/probs w/the light burning out?) - tia
is it good for working with skin card
Good for making Jewelry? Or would it be a low magnification? (Jewelry Tech Student)
What is the focal distance?
The clip at the back break how can i replace it
type of battery?
what is the metal composition? steel? aluminum? tin? I need to heat them on a surface of 300 degrees for extended periods
What are the dimensions of this item?
Will these accomodate a 1-inch epoxy sticker inside?
Will a magnet stick to these??
Do these have a hold in the side to slip a jump ring into?
Can you flatten these with a hammer. I'm having trouble with current recycled ones.
Could these be baked in the oven? I want to use them for polymer clay charms, and I need to know if they could withstand an oven for about 12-15 mins.
Would it be possible to glue bails on the back of these to make pendants?
Have any of your run these through your Big Shot to flatten?
Do these have a hole towards the edge? I want to use these as pendants for necklaces and I'd rather not have to drill holes in them myself.
if i have a short poem and want to convert it into embroidery witll this software work??
My wife just bought an XL-420 What's the difference between this software and the other Singer Futura software packages?
Is editing software needed in addition to AutoPunch in order to do things like flip, rotate, etc? I have a Futura CE-250 and the software came with it
Do you have to have the embroidery machine hooked up and running to use AutoPunch? The computer I have it hooked to doesn't have enough disk space. TY
Can you monogram?
Can you save the file after you create it? What format does it save it in?
I have Futura quintet, is this software compatible for this machine?
is this program mac compatible?
Can you transfer fonts from word and/or make monograms with this program?
When I embroider my needle breaks. I have the futura xl
what size are these bottle caps? Are they flat ore raised on edge?
How big is each bottle cap
Are the bottle caps flat or do they have the same dimension of a cap taken off a bottle? (ie: with the edges folded up with crinkling)
Are these bottle caps silver on both sides? thank you in advance!
Is the entire cap 1", or is the inner tray 1"? I ask because I want to put 1" epoxy stickers in them.
What kind of metal are these made of? Some metals are not safe for children.
what kind of magnet should I buy for this type of bottle cap?
Is this particular item 1 inch because that is what I need?
what is the diameter of the bottle caps?
Do these have a hole near the edge? I want to use them as pendants and I'd rather not have to drill the holes myself.
is this fabric cotton or synthetic?
Can this fabric be used to cover a leather dining chair? Is it sturdy enough for daily wear and tear?
Is this fabric 60" or 45" wide?
what count aida is it?
If I purchased two yards, would it be all together or two seperate cuts?
So this is 60" wide and 3ft long?
Is this product really stiff? I order one from another site and it claim to be stiff but its not. I can't even hold on for long and the fabric is soft
Does the material come with creases (from being folded) or is it rolled?
Is this 11 count or 14 count cloth?
is this 11 count aida
is it 14 count?
what is the count of the fabric and what is the other size, 60 x ?
Is this 18 count?
Would this fabric work for upholstering a couch?
How wide is the fabric?
The discription above states that the fabric is 60 inches wide, yet an answer below states 47 inches. Which is it? Also, how many yarnds on a bolt?
Is the reverse/wrong side black also, or grey/white like most black denim?
washing instructions? Will it run? Is this 100% cotton?
I am needing eight 3-yard sections. How will this come? As a continuous piece?
Would this fabric be good to make a bodycon dress?
How many yards do get when you place this order? I need about 4 yds.
I need to order 4 yards of fabric, but the shipping is estimated around $12. Does the shipping cost change at all during check out?
what is the width of this fabric?
Would you say this is a cobalt blue? Hard to tell on a computer monitor.
is this fabric washable?
Does it have a four way stretch?
How wide is the fabric? How many yards can be ordered at one time?
is it 2 inches wide or 64 inches wide?
Is this fabric sturdyenough to recover dining chairs with?
Is it possible to get a swatch
when you buy 4 yards are they all in a row or separated?
Is the price per yard?
what is the width of this dark gold velvet fabric price at 2.21 and how many yard do you have
I need 12 yards in ONE PIECE; is this possible? If so, how do I designate that in my order? Also, do you charge shipping for EACH yard or each order?
I need a very strechy velvet for a gored skirt 90/10 will not work for me what is the content of this velvet
I need to cover three separate boards that are 30" high by 41 1/2" width. How many yards will I need?
Would this work as a table covering and does it shrink after the washer n dryer?
So I typed 3 in quantity, does that mean I'll get 3 yards of it?
Is this price "by the yard" $3.86 36"x60" ? Just want to confirm, as I don't see where is says per yard. Thank you
Does it fade much over time in direct sun?
What's the width?
If I buy 15 yards, can I have it cut into 6 pieces of 2.5 yards?
Is this at all like velour or is it more like velvet? I found that the velvet is usually a blacker black and drapes more and a little thinner.
is it suitable for a cape?
Is this washable?? (machine)
if i want 8 yards, do i put the quantity as 8?
Is this velvet a knit or a woven?
is it cotton?
what is the width of this fabric? I need 60"
Do you sell continuous yard?
can i use this for pholstery or is it too light-(couch)
How is the quality of the texture? good for upholstery or soft for clothing?
Price shown $2.27 is per yard?
Is this sold by the square yard?
how do you order several yards, rather than 1-yd pieces? What is the width? What is fabric content? Is it dry clean only?
I will need up to 50 yards. Is this quantity available? Are they 15 yard pieces? Can I buy sample for color?
How wide is this fabric?
I am planning on using the fabric for privacy curtains for my loft. Would this fabric be appropriate?
Is this a deep, dark red? I need it to be deep, like dried blood (for lack of a better comparison).
I want to make this into a 7 foot wide by 7 foot tall backdrop. Could it come wider than 54"?
Can you use this fabrick to sew a small round table tablecloth (Wedding cake Table)
These rosettes are RAISED correct? Interested for wedding table top material
Can you steam the back of this fabric to get the crease out from shipping?
Hello, if I was to buy 30 yards could you discount the shipping?
Can I order a sample of 54'' Wide Rosette Iridescent Taffeta Grey Fabric By The Yard?
do you ship to the UK?
How many tapes do you get in this purchase? Is it just 1 or 12?
Is it possible to write promotional messages on the tape?
Are metric measurements included?
Hi everyone I'd like to get a consensus of how accurate/consistent these tapes are. At this price it's not a huge deal, but would love to know, thx!
how many inches long are they?
What is the length of the measuring tape as it comes packaged? I am giving these away as favors and needs to see if they will fit in the box I have.
How long is it?
Is one side printed in metric?
1/8" or 1/16"
What is the width?
How many skeins do I need to make a baby blanket and what size knitting needles do I need?
yard
What number thickness is this yarn? Looking for a light pink in a 6 size.
will this fix a size 14w dress that will not zip any at all im concerned the panel wont cover my whole back also?
Could this be used for making a dress smaller as well?
can this work on a side zipper as well? or only on back zippers?
What type of needle would I need to use on my sewing machine?
If I have a zipper that is 16 inches, should I order the 16" or 18" long replacement?
If I get the size 16 can it be cut down to fit as needed or is the size specifically not designed to be cut to fit?
where can I go on line to reveiw instuctions
Does that stylus pen work on iPad retina mini?
Will this work with the Bamboo Capture? (the smaller version of the Create)
Can this pen be used with the Asus VivoTab Note 8? The tablet offers Wacom digitizers but I have yet to get any concrete answer about this pen working
I contacted Wacom support, and they would not definitively say whether or not this pen will work with an original Bamboo tablet (MTE-450A). Will it?
Will this work with the CTL-480?
My Bamboo Capture came with a pen that did not have an "eraser" function. Is this pen capable of that function?
does this work with intuos pen and touch small CTH480
Will this pen work with the CTH-460? :)
Will this work with the CTE-650? I was told by W I need a part number EP155EK. I can't find one in the US anywhere.
Will it work with Bamboo model MTE-450A?
Will it fit a Sewing/Embroidery combo Brother 2800D? Machine Dimensions (H x W x D) 23"(W) x 23.3"(H) x 26.4"(D and still be strong?
What are the interior dimensions of this case? I need at least 19" x 13" x 9".
Will it hold the Viking Designer Diamond?
Do you have this in other colors?
Can anyone tell me what is the thread weight?
Are there 28 spools in the larger size, or 18? The description is contradictory.
Do the spools fit on a standard sewing machine?
Hello I am new to mettler thread....do you use this thread in the bobbins also?...or do you use something else?
Is this cotton thread?
will this work to engrave initials on sterling silver? thanks,
I want to purchase this to label plumbing tools. Do you think this would make engravings that would hold up on heavier metals?
Do you think this is useful for engraving on stainless steel? I'd like to engrave my initials onto the handles of my dental instruments.
How well does this work on plastic? (plexiglas) thanks
can I use this pen to engrave my name on my Canon DSLR camera and lens?
Has anybody used this to carve egg shells?
I need to do some detailed engraving on the handle of a fiberglass handle of a fire axe. Would this work for that?
Do you have to keep pressing on the ON button as you engrave or will it stay in the ON position by itself until turned off?
can a draw on stuff with this? Or dose it only handle sharp precision lines
I have to carry a lot of identical Schlage brass keys. Would this tool enable me to clearly mark a letter or number on each key?
what soes this purchase come with? only the marker?
Will I receive my marker as its being shipped or would there be a chance of it being stopped with it looking like a gun
What size paintballs does it shoot?
Does this come with a hopper and tank?
Is this .50 or .68 caliber paintball?
What is included with this machine?
Can this machine sew patches onto a leather or denim vest?
Can you do free motion embroidery on this machine?
hello! may is it use 220 voltage?
Just wondering, does this machine also come with the pedal or not? Sometimes I prefer the pedal rather than the automatic speed.
Code e7
I have a C4 error message and my new machine doesn't work?
Is this machine self-feeding?
I would like to receive the Hangul manual to e- mail!
Are the dimensions listed here interior or exterior? If exterior, what are the interior dimensions?
Just bought a Singer One, but I think it's too big for this tote. Is it?
Hi! Just wondering if the singer featherweight case fits on it? Pls answer. Thank you.
Does the zipper go down around the edge/bottom curve to the bottom side? trying to figure out if I can unzip it and lay it flat?
Does this case have a shoulder strap?
Will my Singer Futura CE-150 fit in this bag?
What type of bottom does the case have and how much weight does it hold without buckling?
Will this accomodate the Singer 160th Anniversary sewing machine? I cannot find a carry case that goes with it. Help!
Does this tote work for the Singer heavy duty 4411 machine.
Does this fit the Singer 160?
Are these acid free and 100-percent archival?
What format do these come in?
Will these work on the old Westrim 12 x 12 inch pages? they would need to slip on from the side.
Are these clear? It bothers me when a page protector is filmy and mutes the color of my photos.
Do these fit in EK Success postbound albums?
Has anyone tried these in the Stampin Up 3 ring binders?
Will these fit old style 12 x 12 creative memories scrapbook pages?
Do these refill pages come with the extention posts?
I'd like to find pages witth clearer pages than the Fits We R ones. Are these any clearer (less frosted looking?)
Is there a maximum weight that the easel will hold? Is it tipsy?
is the tray U-shaped or L-shaped?
What is the maximum floor to tray height? I like to stand while painting...
What is the largest size poster that this will hold?
how long is it folded up?
I have a 24 x 36 poster ,so the height is 36". Will this work? Not sure what it means by "the canvas height is 16" - 33"
Instructions on putting it together
How do you assemble this?
how to assemble?
Is this pink?. I ordered a Pink from another vendor and it arrived as mauve, very purplish.
Can you confirm that the fabric pictured is the exact fabric that will be sent and not another similar fabric with scalloped edges?
I would like to use this as a photo backdrop for 2 -4 adults and a baby. How wide is it? Do you have any suggestions of how much I would need?
I would like two yards, not 2 pieces of fabric 1 yard each... how should I order this? Quantity of 2? And, can I expedite shipping? Thanks!
Can I buy a yard + a half a yard = 1 1/2 yard total? Or do you just sell full yards?
If I buy several yards do i have to pay the same shipping for one multiplied out for the number of yards..15 yards and $88 shipping? Cant be.
If I buy more than one yard, is it consecutive or do I get individual yards?
Can I get 60 continuous yards?
Can I get 86 yards continuous?
If I got two yards would they be continuous?
How do you think this would work to cover an upholstered headboard? I don't want to tuft it or anything, just put it on smooth.
what is the width? 54? 60?
I bought and used on my board from Homegoods (not slate), the color rubbed off but I can see the words, what do i do?
can you write on chalkboard
I bought these for a painted chalkboard. Are they going to work? It says dry erase on them?
Can the liquid chalk pens stain walls? or does it also wash of a wall surface with a damp cloth?
Are these chisel tip markers?
Can I use these on chalkboard labels/stickers and chalkboard food markers? and will it wipe off?
I read that this works on Chalkboard contact paper. does it wipe off? how?
I have read the comments that it does not work on chalkboard PAINT, how about chalkboard contact paper? Any experience on that?
From the reviews it sounds like you should not use these on chalk board that have been painted w/ chalk
How do you clean this marker off a car window? (soap and water, plain water, dry cloth...? etc.)
How stiff is this paper? Is it like a regular sheet of printer paper? Or more like cardstock?
I would like to know if I could use this for the cricut expression 2 cutting machine
Can you use this with a laminator for gold foiling?
I want to build fun house mirrors for my 5 year old's carnival birthday party. Would this be a clear enough reflection to make that work?
Do I need glue to put this on?
Is this consistency of this like actual paper, or is it more thin and plastic-y, like most wrapping paper?
Does this reflect like a mirror? Can you see yourself when looking at it?
Can you clearly see your reflection in this paper?
is there real silver in the paper
How reflective is the foil?
What is on the opposite side? just plain paper?
hello i need to know if this material is for hot stamnping
I want to use this to punch out a design and attach to a card. Will it curl? Will it punch okay?
looking for foil to wrap individual chocolates in, will this work?
hi -- is this double sided gold?
is the gold metalic foil paper a rub-on foil used with foil glue for art and craft?
is it gold on both sides?
Is it foiled on both sides?
Does it work for foil stamping/embossing?
I have a Babylock Ellisimo Gold. Will this foot work for my machine? Thanks!
Will this fit the Brother XR1355? I checked the Brother website and it is not listed for this ruffler foot.
Will this work on a Brother SQ 9050?
Will this work on a Brother SE-400?
Does anyone know if this fits the Brother Innovis 1250D? I want to make sure before I order it
Will this work on my Project Runway XR9500PRW?
Will this work on the a Brother NX-800?
Will this work with the Brother Innovis NX450Q?
Will this work with the Brother se 400?
I have a CE7070PRW wiLL this foot work with this machine?
what is the high bust measurment on the petite size?
How large is the large? I am 5' but 160 lbs. Pear shaped.
Is this pinnable?
does it have an off center pole for pants
Is this a Janome dress form?
How do you adjust the waist smaller? The measurements say '22-29"' for the waist but i'm having trouble getting it past 24"
do the sharps tend to split the plies when you are knitting?
What sizes are included in the set
Hi...do the needles have the size in mm as well as US sizes printed on them?
how do we choose the color of the bag?
which size and type are most popular. 4" bambo, steel, or sharp or 5"...?
Do these have a lifeline hole?
I know this was developed to keep things warm--but can this keep things cold? Can this be used as insulation for lunch bag?
How thick is this thinsulate? Thank you.
It says that is 60" long. How wide is it?
Is this a felted wool?
Can this be pre cut to 60 by 80 inches?
Again, How thick is the felt? The first response does not answer the question. Provide a measurement.
How thick is this felt?
What are the dimensions?
Is this item chemical free?
Where's the rubber? In the middle between the two flannel layers?
Want several yards of 54" width-Dont see that possibiliity
can rubberized flannel be hand dyed into other colors?
How wide is it? Is it sold by the yard length?
What type of surgical steel are the earring hooks made of?
how do you measure these to get your 10 X 3.5 size?
can you put charms on them?
Will they tarnish?
Do these come with the findings? If I wanted to make polymer clay earrings, would it come with the findings to attach the clay piece to the fish hook?
how long til i get them if i order today? where are they shipping from?
Are they fire proof? I am looking at covering the grate over a very small fire pit and need to be sure they withstand heat.
About how many stones are in 2 lbs?
What is the size?
what is the shore hardness
Could you please tell me how thin were the parts you were casting. Was the thickness less than 0.050 of an inch?
how many fl. oz is this product?
What's the working time?
Can the parts be painted with spray paint?
do i need to buy specific edible ink for this model?
how do you pick the size of the image, like say cupcake toppers and a whole cake circle?
Will it scan images as well as download from my camera with good picture quality
i have windows 8 and no dvd drive, how would i install this printer?
Do you need a computer to use this printer?
are the cartriges spongeless??
is this refillable?
Is this compatible with cain pixma mg5420?
I have a printer 4 cake epson .it not working
Is this a strap/hinge photo album
is this a 3-ring album or just top loader
does anyone know what page protectors fit in this book?
How many pages are included with the book?
Does this have Alaska printed on the cover or is this simply branding that comes off? (meaning is this plain leather or are the markings permanent?)
Are the pages a "true" 12x12 size or do you need to trim the card stock in order for the completed scrapbook page to fit into the slot? Thank you!
Can you add pages to this Alaskan Scrapbook
How many photos does this album hold? Is it bi-directional or all pockets oriented the same way?
IS this 8x11 or 3" x 4.25?
is this an iron on patch? also do you have a large one piece "dodger" logo for the from of a shirt?
do you have a patch that is the same size but white with a blue outline
is the finish glossy
Can this be used to paint jewelry?
can this be baked to ake permanent?
Do these work on walls inside the home?
Has anyone painted things for outdoor use and, if so, how has it held up? Did you also overcoat with a urethane?
can they be used to paint glass/
Will this work in an alginate mold?
What is the shelf life of this product after opening?
Can this be used to make a hard mold to use for casting in silicone?
How many cubic inches will this cover?
Will Smooth-on SO-Strong Color pigments work with this product?
Will this work when making molds for soap?
will it work in clay mold? or what liquid plastic you have that works in clay mold?
Does it dry crystal clear or is there a tint to it?
Do you need to use plastic paint or can you an oil base paint? I am using this product for water fountains will latex paint stay on the plastic or will it just peal off? Do I need to use a primer and if so is it a special type or just regular primer?
What is the heat tolerance (surrounding air temp) of the finish casting before it would begin to deintergrate?
how many folders brings?
Do you need the impressions pad and silicone pad for these folders?
what are the dimensions of this item?
Are these really made of plastic as one reviewer mentioned?
Can you silver solder instead of gluing on to these?
The description says these are 18mm long. Is that from pad to bullet when they are closed? Thanks.
What kind of glue is recommended (if gluing metal or porcelain decorations)?
Can you put these cards through the printer or are they for hand writing only?
How many place cards are they?
Does anyone think they might work if glued onto clay pots to be used as a label?
When folded what is the size?
Can someone please suggest a specific type of pen they found to work well on this type of paper (e.g. no smudge, dries fast, looks nice). Thanks!
Do the cards come separate or on one sheet with perforated edges to cut them out?
What is the dimension inside the silver lining (the space for writing)?
product details please
Where can I find a new power cord for this machine, ours has been missing for years.
What does this come with? Small/Large spool holders, what kinds of feet, is it easy to use (I am a first time sewing machine user!)?
Does this machine come with accessories? Is it plastic or metal and do I snap on or screw on the zipper foot etc.?
What are t he dimensions of #19106? What is the weight?
how large are the drilled holes? I need to know how thick my leather cords should be.
Is it just random strands sent? Is there an list sent with the strands to identify what was sent?
I received a chalk white stone in my mix, can you tell me what stone that is?
I would like to know the names of these stones
Would I be able to ask for specific strands? For example, can I ask for amethyst, malachite, coral, etc. and name specific gemstones?
Will the name of the type of stones be provided with the order?
How many lbs of wax comes with this kit?
can i use the pitcher directly on the burner to melt the wax? or do i need to put it in another pot to make double boiler?
how much soy wax does this kit come with?
What's included?
The kit doesn't come with a thermometer, so how do you tell when its the correct temp?
What is the name of the fragrance that comes with this set? The pic shows pearberry but I have bought pearberry since and it's not the same.
How tall are the wicks?
can you add any fragrance you want? thanks!
How do you use the wicks that come with the kit? Do you jus add adhesive and stick them in the cans and jars?
How many candles does the included wax in the kit make? I plan on using this to make 5-8 candles out of vintage tea cups.
Would this cut 0.25" woody stems? We sell proteas and need it to cut thick (nearly) woody stems.
Does this stem cutter cut silk flower wire stems?
can the blade be resharpened or do you have replacement blades
Can the Blade be replaced?
In what country is this device made?
How much does it weigh?
What is the dimension in inches from the center of the front hole and the center of the rear hole?
Does it cut roses?
Does it work on silk or only fresh flowers?
what calaber is it
does it come with a cover for the pin valve on the co2 tank
Is the co2 tank disposable?
There are two different answers on here, what caliber is it? Just to double check
Does the back part come off and does the gun work without it?
is this gun rifled
Can compressed be used for this? Or this this strictly Co2?
is that a real attachment rail on the side of the gun?
Can you fill the co2 tank with compressed air? Or is it just co2?
what is the orange thing beneth the mask
Is it possible to buy longer Knitter's Pride cords separately and use them with these needles, like the Nova deluxe cords?
What length are the tips?
Are the sizes etched on the needles? Are the cords memory free?
needle length
Have any of you had trouble with the tip clogging and becoming unusable? (As most white pens do)
I need a pen that will write on steel, will this one work?
Would these pens work on a photograph? I guess I'm not sure what kind of tip would be best, I don't want to scratch the paper so do these "flow" ok?
Could blend these pens with a stronger colour to get a pastel or pale tint?
Can I used this pen to draw the form of the eyebrow and then eraser off the skin easily.
Will these work well over sharpies?
Do these pens work well on graphite drawings, for highlights or small details?
would this one work for watercolor?
How do these work on material while quilting (fabric) Does the gel bleed thru?
Would it be good for highlights on colored pencil drawings?
could you tell me how much to ship to Taiwan?
will this work to help me determine if I have air seeping in around my windows? I need to see the leak
Can it be used to test smoke detectors?
Could I use this for testing my plumbing drains / ventilation system for leaks?
Can this be used to detect a cracked heat exchanger in a furnace?
Does this create a flame? Will things catch on fire if this item is dropped on it?
I want to use it as a special effect prop, but I don't want it to set off the smoke detector. Does it need to be close to the detector to set it off?
could you use it as an e cig
size of particles emitted
Does anyone know if this set includes the colors from the 50's Diner and Tropical kits? Thnx!
What is the best fixative for these.
How do these compare to the Neocolor II crayons?
A) how do you use these in card making? B) how do you use these "on" rubber stamps?
Can these be used on fabric and permanently set?
how might these work with acrylics in mixed media pieces?
I would love to see a picture of the contents of this set. Also, in your opinion was the price worth it? Why?
Can you use these just as a regular crayon or do you have to use a paint brush? Or do they required using water to color with?
Can you use these just as a regular crayon or do you have to use a paint brush? Or do they required using water to color with? I looking for something
how might these work with acrylics in mixed media pieces?
What else do I need to hook it up to my compressor? Thanks
when will they be availiable if you want someone to try them you need to have them to sell
what size is the hose attachment?
is this good for warhammer fantasy models... examples would be High elves Phoenix Guard
What needle models support this I can&acirc;&#128;&#153;t seem to find replacements on Amazon specific for this model?
What are the tip sizes that are included with this?
How come this doesn't look like the Renegade Krome? The real ones I've seen say Renegade where this one says Krome.
How is this with cosmetics?
Im looking to upgrade to either the Badger Krome listed here or the Sotar 20/20. Is this Krome worth the $100 difference over the Sotar?
It talks about using nylon gears - some of the cheaper ball winders have plastic gears, and a common problem is that they strip after awhile. Is that a risk with nylon?
How SMALL a quantity of yarn will it wind? Does it come with various sized cones for different quantities of yarn?
Ball winder doesn't use the top part of the cone. What am I doing wrong? It won't take all the yarn it should take because of this.
Where you put a center pull store bought skein that you are winding on the ball winder? Doesn't need a yarn swift.
If you are winding two treads together to form a yarn ball, does it also twist the threads together?
My winder makes a pull skein but it's so tight, it's useless. Is there an adjustment? I've given up and now I'm winding by hand.
I took my unit apart to clean it, having difficulty getting the short arm adjusted; it affects proper ball formation. What is it's optimal rotation?
Where is this item made? US? China? ??
The ball winder keeps jamming and doesn't operate smoothly. The top gear is getting all chipped and leaving plastic flakes. What am I doing wrong?
Is there a maximum diameter? I put my yarn in a jug while knitting and I need to make sure it will fit... TIA :-)
is this a package of six or just one
What is the height of the bottle including cap?
Are these bottles 'flexible' to squeeze, or are they made of the harder-type plastic which leaves 'dents' when squeezed? Thanks.
Does it come with 6 bottles? it doesn't specify.
I'm looking for a container to carry my own salad dressing in my purse. Do you think these would serve that purpose?
are they solvent proof?
What is the outer diameter of the bottles?
Would these be possible to use for travel?
how many in a pack?
How many do you receive in one order?
If I buy multiple mats, will you combine shipping?
Does Mat move in the front and straight out the back? What is mat made of, can you make your own?. How thick is mat?
packet of 1 is 13 but if i buy a packet of 3 they are 30 each ? how does that work?
If I use this mat to print and cut, and put three 8.5"x11" papers on, will it accurately cut them?
It's only 1 mat in each pack?
Can I use these feet to attach large cording to an art quilt, (not wrapped in fabric)?
Bernina 750QE....I bought the shank adaptors. Does anyone know if these feet will work with those adaptors? Thanks.
Will these fit the Janome 6600P? Thank you
will this fit on a Kenmore 385.12116690 machine?
Will these feet fit the Brother Quattro (6000)? Is there a channel at the bottom for braided cording to pass through?
Will these fit a Singer Ingenuity 7436?
Is there an adapter to buy to make the welting feet fit a high shank Janome 6600P? I'll buy them all immediately if there is!
Are any of these feet for double welting?
Will these feet fit an Elna 62C?
I have a old Electra sewing machine from the late 70's. Will these fit my machine? I don't know if it uses a low shank or a high shank.
What is the thread weight (thickness) of this thread?
Can this be used on a serger machine?
can I use this thread on my tater baker bags that go in the microwave ?
Is perma spun tex 27 all cotton?
What's the real color? I'm not sure, but I want something like a raw white or ecru.
will these thick spools fit in a common kenmore serger? is it thread or more like string?
What is the inner diameter of the hole the lamp inserts into?
If I have a desk 4" thick, will this clamp work?
Does this work with the Alvin swing-arm lamp (Alvin G2540-B Swing Arm Lamp)?
I have a black magnifying swing arm light and lost the clamp. the part that placed into clamp measures by 1.5 in long w a diameter 1.2 inch. can fit?
Does it work with an Illuminada 17347-001 37.4-Inch Swing Arm Desk Lamp? How is the lamp attached to the metal adjustable arm clamp?
Will this clamp work on a table that has1.75" lip extending from the table?
What is the maximum length of the post that will fit into the clamp?
I have a work light with a 1/2 inch stud sticking out of the bottom. Are you certain the hole in this clamp is 15/32 or is it 1/2 inch ID?
Will this work with the Studio Designs 12022 Swing Arm Lamp?
Does the clamp fit the Ikea Studio Design #2022?
Before I buy an embroidery/darning foot - Do you prefer closed loop like this one, or an open toe? i will use it for free quilting. I am a beginner. Thanks!
How do you know if your machine is low shank?
I bent the embroidery foot that came with my Futura CE150. Can this replace that foot, though it had an arm to make it go up and down
I just purchased this item and it said there were instructions included but unfortunately there were not.
will this fit my Harqvarna 100Q?
Will this work on a Viking - Daisy series - machine?
Can this one fits with Ultrafeet LSZ-1 ? From Sailrite
Does this work on a Janome JW5622? (I can't find anywhere that says whether it has a high or low shank)?
This foot looks like it would fit on my Pfaff Creative 2.0. Has anyone tried it on a Pfaff? Which model?
I have a Brother CS5055PRW - will this work with it? I cannot find anywhere that shows low shank??
is there a book to show how each foot works
How does the destintive braiding foot work
Is this foot adjustable for wider and narrower trims? Will it handle the larger cording?
Does it braid the threads you insert and how many can you use at one time ?
Can you use Distinctive feet on Husqvarna Viking Designer Diamond Sewing Machine?
Can this be used as a guide to sewing 5/8 inch seams?
Is this guiding foot better than the 1/4 foot? I LOVE my 1/4 foot because it's convenient and has the stopper but is this a foot one CAN live without?
Please be specific on which Singer machines will need an adaptor for this presser foot. Quantom 9960?
Will this fit Singer 8780 Curvy sewing machine?
Can this be used on singer 9960? The markings on the 9960 are very hard to read. Looking for a good seam gauge that is not magnetic.
Will this work on a singer quintet?
What type of glue should I use?
I want to design champagne glasses with rhinestones but not sure which I should order. Can you help me? Thanks
I want to use these on UGG BOOTS what kind of glue to use?
Are all of the pieces 3mm in diameter? And what does 10ss mean?
Do they come with the traditional metal clamp to secure? If not are they available?
How many colors are there?
Can you bake them with polymer clay?
Are there holes in them?
Are there any black rhinestones?
How long are these necklaces? I need 18yr olds to wear them.
What is the size of the pearl?
DO THEY LOOK LIKE FAUX PEARLS?
Can this work on Brother HC1850 Computerized Sewing Machine? Thanks.
Did anyone actually buy this and use it in the Babylock Ellageo 3?
Is the tension optimally set right out of the box or does it need adjusting?
I am trying to learn how to do shirring and am wondering if this is the part that I can adjust the thread tension for the bobbin? Does anyone know?
Does this bobbin case fit in a Brother Pacesetter ULT 2003D
does it fit the brother cs6000i ?
will this fit the BrotherQuattro 6700d
hello, this is bobbin case works on the machine brother xl 2230? The machine is my injury and I need to replace it but I see something different
Does this bobbin case fit the VQ3000?
is this a green screw or pink screw case?
Is it good for feather to make a pillows ?
how wide is this fabric (60" or 72")?
Is 10 oz canvas the same as #10 canvas duck?
How do I order more than 1 yard?
Is this fabric washable?
I want to paint the upholstery on my chairs. Will I have to iron them?
will it work with regular acrylic paint or must it be fabric paint?
I am thinking of using this for the cloth portion of the upholstery on my camper seats. Would it work for this purpose, and how do I know how much to
What exactly is this for? I am wanting to paint baby onesies is this something we could use for that to help it stay or something?
Could this be used on a lampshade?
Will this work with linen (flax) towels? Has anyone tried it?
how "soft" will my sofa be if I use this? Will it be leathery like or crunchy crunch?
I am using colored pencils on fabric. Will this set the colors so they won't run?
Can i use it as decoupage finisher
If I use medium with acrylic paint on a wearable shirt, how do I seal it? And wash it? Thank You!
Is this paint brush-on or spray paint?
any one know the drying time Martha Stewart metal glaze?
Is it flammable? I need to know because if it is flammable the currier i use, won't ship it to my country
will it work well on an acrylic plastic surface?
can this be used on a cork board?
I'm looking for a product to improve the gold appearance vintage costume jewelry earrings that have tarnished. Has anyone tried this?
Can use it on top of chalk paint? I am painting a mirror with chalk paint (Annie Sloan - white) and want to highlight the details in gold.
Hi. Touching up 1940s lamps that had gold gilding painted along some outer rims. Thinking of using this, with lamp on turntable. Thoughts? Thanks
Can this be used to gild book pages?
What color gold is this? Is it a bright yellowish gold, or more of a dark brownish gold?
Can I use this with an adhesive vinyl stencil or will it make too solid of a coat across the stencil edge to peal the stencil up with clean lines?
Can you use this on something that will go outdoors? It will be in the direct sunlight during summer.
Can i use this directly on a previously painted interior wall?
does it go on plastic
Can you use it outdoors? Does it glow outdoors at night?
does the spray it self glow? if it does. what color? if it doesnt, then it is only to protect the glow in the dark layer right?
How long will the glow last?
Can these stencils be used for glass etching?
How long is the dragonfly? Wingspan doesn't matter. I need that to make a border around my living room wall.
I am looking for a simple design to stencil a border on painted wood floors...can these be used for that purpose?
Can these be used on paper?
how big is the stencil ?
Are they brass or plastic?
How big are the stencils once put on the wall?
what is the size of the letters?
Does it come with a set of numbers and if so - how tall are they?
Used to once or several times ?
How do you properly space the stencils if upper and lower are on the same card? Wouldn't the lowers be too far apart.? Do you cut them in half?
Are the lowercase letters cursive?
Can this be used with Armour Etch cream for glass?
What are the measurements of the etched letter?
What size is the font on the letters and numbers?
I would like to use these on a painted canvas- will it ruin the paint underneath? ( i.e. paint the canvas one color and do stencils on top). Thanks!
Are they reusable?
IsThe idea that you peel individual letters off, line them up, paint those all at once, then fill in where you need duplicate letters after those dry?
can this be used to write on a baby onesies? or is two small ?
Can I use this on a cake?
What re the colors in this set
Are these paints for suitable for multi surfaces?
Are these paints in a jar or can/spray paint?
Are these paints suitable for fabric painting?
Does this work with 230V/50Hz or will it only work with N American systems?
Can I use this for cutting Styrofoam?
Are replacement tips available for this tool?
can i use this in Australia
Can this product cut stencils that would be small enough for a medium sized cookie?
can it cut paper
Is everything that you need to make the doll included in the kit except the stuffing for the doll?
what comes in the kit?
What size doll does this make?
Are these made of durable plastic?, or are they the flimsy sticker kind?
How big is the top left morraccon design? I want to use that stencil for back splash.
How flexible are these? Will they go around a drinking glass or vase?
What are the image sizes?
what size are the stencils?
What size doll does it fit?
Is this made of wood or plastic?
can adora dolls fit in this
Where can I purchase two more chairs? Thank you
Is this table just made for dolls? I wanted it for my two year old grand daughter.
What is the diameter of the table top? I'd like to make a table cloth for it. Thank you!
Where is this product made?
Can a child 2 years old sit in the chairs?
Can anyone tell me what the diameter of the table is?
Does this table and chairs set come assembled
dos the red bag comes with it
is there a needle down setting
The presserfoot (all of them) are to big and cover the decorative stitches and can not see when the pattern is completed does anyone else have this
is there an attachment for the needle down position?
can i embroider on leather pants if i use the leather needle?
can it sew leather like the old ones did?
Video on how to thread bobbin
Would you recommend this machine?
WHERE CAN I GET A POWER CORD FOR THIS
Can this machine be use in nigeria
For how many cycles (or hours) is this unit designed to last?
. I understand there is one part of the furnace that is likely to break if someone accidentally leaves it at full heat. Anyone know what part this is?
I made 1 ingot with it and tried to start a second and it cooled down and dont seem to be getting hot again?
Does this item have any instruction for refining 14k Au into 24k?
Can you refine gold and silver from ore and sand Will the sand and other stuff turn into ash?
where do you find parts and replacement crucibles
Has anyone found instructions?
HELP, Need Basic Instructions on Settings and Controlling Temperature. Please!
Can the temperature be adjusted for 1220 Melting point of aluminum? Also, how wide/deep is the crucible? How much can you effectively melt per pour?
What's the overall dimension of this furnace, thanks
Are these a rigid plastic? I bought other dvd cases to hold clear rubber stamps and they are now warping and the stamps are not sticking.
What are the dimensions to these cases? Are they your standard DVD cases? Or larger?
The description says weight is 5 pounds ... for 10 empty cases?? Is this so?
Are these the square cd case or are they larger?
what size?
How sturdy are these
What are these are made of?
I don't understand how some reviewers can use them for un-mounted red rubber and others cannot, can someone answer this question?
Will these hold cling stamps with foam rubber on them?
I'm looking for clear cases that would be able to home depotted cosmetic pans...Would these be able to do it. I've been using old CD cases...
Are these glass or plastic?
Are these beads on a string or are they individual pearls that one has to thread a string through?
What can I use to attach them to a jacket? would hot glue work or another?
Do these beads float in water?
How big is the hole in the middle of the beads?
These pearl appear to be off white. I'm actually looking for an ivory/cream/off white color. So these are perfect if they look like the picture. I guess my question is, do the beads look like the photo and are listed as white?
Hi! Are there holes in this bead? I'm looking for 8mm white pearls with no holes. Thanks!
are these real swarovski crystals??
how can these be used. Is there a bracelet or do I have to make my own
Which size is the best for necklaces, earrings? .6mm, .8mm or 10mm; Would these fit on standard chain or 3mm bead ball chain?
Would you think if something this cute for $4.54 for 100 of them would need superglue to keep them in. just a dot on a pin would do. Come on yall!
do they fit Pandora bracelets?
Will they fit on a pandora charm bracelet?
Will they fit a Brighton bracelet?
I thought I had ordered 4 of these ,not sure what happened .Do you ?
How big is one diamond, inches wise?
How many come in a 2 pound package?
Are the diamonds orange in color?
I purchased these, but I can't find the "small holes" on them for attaching ribbons! Am I missing something here?
Why does it say that the diamonds are ORANGE???
I need to ensure that these are indeed the orange ones when I order them
I want to order these to go into a kids pirate chest. Would they work for that?
How many packages would it take to fill a 4" x 4" x 20" square vase?
Where are the holes as advertised? FAULSE advertisment is NOT cool.
how many are in a pound?
So this is 36-feet x 58-feet? Even the label says inches so I'm a bit confused. Please clarify. Thanks so much!
I don't get what is meant by Deep Red Stamps in the product name???
I believe this listing should read 36"X58" not 36'x58'
The description is confusing. The product description talks about an MDF tree pattern, and it's not clear what you're getting.
is this just the stabilizer with patterns
should I prewash if using for placemats which might require laundering?
What is the meaning of "Deep Red Stamps" in the product name??
Is the ETA hand2mind bullseye compass by safe-t set of 30 the same compass as the 45700-10 (sold in a set of 10)
Does the slider lock or tighten to draw proper circles?
Is the ETA hand2mind bullseye compass by safe-t set of 30 the same compass as the 45700-10 (sold in a set of 10)
Can these be used with the Crystyler applicators?
Are these different from silver rhinestones or are they silver rhinestones? And are they crystal rhinestones?
does the glue E600 really affect these rhinestones? :( &amp; are these like-high quality?
Can you glue these to a metal surface? Aluminum and steel? Thank You. And, do the colored ones look "less cheap" than the clear ones do? Thank you .
What material are they made of resin or acrylic?
are these really "brilliant" how shiny are they? Or are they foggy?
Im In The US And It Says HK Shipping? 2-5 Days After Shipped And Processed?
With The Standard Shipping, Does It Really Take 28 Days? Are These The Right Size And Can They Be Glued On The Sole Of Sneakers ?
How Long Was Shipping?
Where do you ship from ?
Does the kit include Stencil tape n squeegee
Can this paint be used on a wall behind a woodstove? Is it heat resistant? or might it be flammable if reaching a high temp?
Will this paint adhere permanently to glazed white subway tiles (for use for preschool project)?
I would like to use these paints on tote bags for Mother's Day. Would I need to use something to set them in order to ensure they won't come off?
Are they water clean-up?
Does using varnish to seal the colors fade the metallic effect?
Can these paints be used on a wall - instead of wallpaper?
What oz are the can of paint?
How long do these take to dry? I want to spray paint cardboard letters and then attach embellishments as a child's craft.
Can I use this paint on shirts? If so, Can I wash it and the paint stays on?
Are these suitable for glass painting? Specifically wine glasses? How do they hold up to hand washing? Thanks!
I need paint for fabric, but especificaly to paint silk. Also I Would like to make lines and detais with brushes.. Is it ok for that??
Should water be added to high gloss paints to loosen them up. I find it very hard to be released from the bottle. They are a bit thick,is that how they should be I am referring to Martha Stewarts brand.
Can I use those paints on a ceramic travel mug? Thanks!
Can I use to paint on ceramic tiles
what temp and how long to oven bake/cure?
are these 2ounce bottles?
does the glass need to be baked to set the paint
Sorry if this is a silly question but can these paints be mixed together to make different colours?
Can I use this paint on glass without a sealant?
Are these non-flammable? I want to use them on clay holders...
are they spray paint
I have already ordered these and received them. Seemed a little thick on fabric and am wondering what I can use to thin the paint a little. Thanks!
Will these paints stick to leather? Has anyone tried this?
Will this paint stick to metal? I am going to paint galvanized buckets. Thanks.
Can they be used on tee shirts and how well will the paint stand up to the wash machine?
Is there Velcro on the back
Do these have reflective/shiny letters?
Are the letters embroidered or printed on the background?
Is this the MG5320 model printer?
Can you use Wilton Sugar Sheets with this printer? Or is it specifc to the brand/printer?
How is this printer comparable to the Canon IP3600 please?
Hi this machine work for rice paper please answer because am looking for one work for the rice paper
Does this have to be hooked up to a computer? Can you use a USB to transfer photos onto the printer? I have a computer that is dated. Would I need to also upgrade my PC for this to work or does it work solo?
what ink cartidges does it take
Are the ink cartidges that come with it refillable?
Hi, pls am having of challenges wit my printer. (A) it refused to pass the paper alinement. (B) D image is poor. (C) It just got BLOCKED. PLS HELP ME!
Hi, pls am having lots of challenges with my printer. A) It refused to pass D paper alinement stage. B) the image is not.
What Ink cartrridges does the InkMG53 take
Are these the Next Generation version of the Spectrum Noir Brights?
Can these markers be used on fabrics
Are the nibs (Tips) Replaceable and are these markers refillable like the Copic markers??
Can these markers be used on fabric and will it stand up to washing
Are these permant markers on fabric or will they wash out?
Lights, Darks, Brights, Pastels Which should i start with if i cna only buy one set at a time?
If these are non-toxic and alcohol based, has anyone used them on cookies or fondant?
How do these compare to Copic markers??
I want markers that aren't so wet they cause little bits of paper to bundle underneath them. Will these do well on adult coloring books?
Whats the difference between the new Spectrum Noir and these??
What is the best paper to use with these markers?
I have a question for the people that are experiencing dry markers--Are the sets you are receiving the NEXT GeENERATION markers?
Do you know if these will write on glossy and matte pictures?
Are these the Next Generation of the Spectrum Noir markers?
What is the length and width of this piece? If I need 5 yards do I have to order 5 and will it be in one piece?
how wide is this fabric?
What country was this product made?
What about a Brother Innovis 2500D?
Does this thread stand fit on the Destiny?
will it fit a babylock esante?
Will this thread stand fit a Babylock Spirit Embroidery Machine ?
I was wondering does anyone know if this tread stand will fit on my Dream Creator XE Innov-is VM5100?
Will this fix onto the Brother pe770 embroidery machine FOR SURE?
Does this fit on the back of the Ellisimo, also?
I saw video of martha stewart doing a project with this clay, and to glue it to itself she said, "use craft glue." What kind of craft glue can I use?
How do you keep it from warping? Is there some trick to it?
Is the finished product porous? I want to make necklaces for essential oils, and the discs need to be porous. Thanks!
Is this product essentially the same as SU simply pressed clay, and can you die it with re-inkers?
Can you use this to take impressions of a child's hand or foot and use as a keepsake?
Can you paint it right away or does it need to dry first?
Does light weight mean fragile? Was hoping to make letters and put in a sensory bottle for kids to learn letters.
How tall, in inches, are the letters produced from this mold? Thanks!
Can this silicone mold be used for baking in the oven and/or freezing in the freezer?
Are these oven safe?
Would these be good for making fruit snacks for kids?
can you put melted chocolate in these molds or are they just for fondant/clay?
can we make resin letter with this molds?
Can these molds be used with hot UTEE or Resin? i.e. temps at 340 degrees?
For anyone who has used these with fondant for cakes, d you have any advice? Will fondant work, or do I need gum paste?
what are the letter dimensions?
What are the actual dimensions of the finished evelope?
What is the final size of the envelope?
Will this work with the Cricut Cuddlebug??
How many envelopes are included?
how large are the letters? height and width?
Can you use this die with a Cuttlebug?
Can this die be used for fabric?
How big are these letters?
Does anyone know if these can be used with the Fiskars Fuse?
Can these Bossabilities reversible embossing folders be used with a Cuttlebug?
Can you use M-Bossabilties Reversible Embossing Folders on a Big Shot?
Will this work with thicker aluminum sheets? Leave much of an impression in clay? I'm trying to make stamps, or make molds to cast stamps from. Thanks
Can i use this product with a sizzix machine?
What is the fiber content? I'm guessing polyester ...?
Is this fabric see thru
I need this by Friday, 4/24/15, can I pay for expedited shipping if I order it today?
Is this fabric machine washable?
I'm looking for a copper color for my fall wedding. Is the chocolate brown close to a copper tone, or more on the brown side?
Can I cut the fabric to size I want?
Do you have several panels of the white available and in stock over the next couple of weeks? I want to order just one first to see how it feels.
I want to make sure this organza is not shimmer or mirror. I just want plain organza. Can you let me know what kind of organza this is?
what is the fiber content? linen? silk? cotton? polyester? nylon?
is this sold in continuous lengths? would this fabric work well for a wedding arch?
what is the inches on this fabric? the length? thank you
can I use for a novelty uphaolstery chair
what is the width of the fabric and the care instructions?
Is it satin on both sides or nice and soft on one side and nasty looking and feeling on the other? I want this to line a pair of shorts.
Is this a good fabric to hang on the wall as a photo backdrop?
what is the most yard you can git
Hi! Is this sturdy enough for something like a purse?
Is the color a light regular purple or more of a dark "royal" purple?
What is the width of this fabric?
Is this 58" wide? I need 3-4 yards before April 10th is that amount in stock? Also, what state will it be coming from? Thank you!! :)
Can this be ordered in quantities larger than one yard (continuous yardage)?
would this fabric be good to use for the inside of a cape?
Would this fabric work for drapes?
How soft and stiff is the fabric?
Is the fabric see-through, or is it fairly opaque?
Would this hold up outside for Christmas decor?
Can this be used outside for Christmas decor?
Is this an Apple Color
How big Is it?
What is the width of this fabric?
I want to make something like a Golden Ticket as a reward system for my son. Could I wrap the gold foil over a stiffer piece of paper to make a ticket
Can you die cut the oragami paper?
How many sheets are in a package?
Is this paper gold on both sides?
Does it work for foil stamping/embossing? Thanks
Can you print on this type of paper
What letters are included?
does the package contain all 26 letters
Can you iron these onto burlap?
HOW MANY OF EACH LETTER DOES TE PACKAGE CONTAIN?
how many letters of each alphabet letter?
how many letters? are there three A's?
Are they 3 inches tall or 3 inches wide? I need the exact measurements of a basic letter, say "M"
Is it 3 of each sheet or 3 sheets total ?
how large is it?
how wide is it?
Do you offer this in off white or ivory.
What age group is this appropriate for?
I purchased this but lost the instructions -- can someone list what numbers to mix for each letter? Thanks!
Do you need to mix any paints? Also are the numbers good size?
Is there a reason why you would choose a four inch or five inch tip? Besides the cables being different lengths, needles are the same size. So I cannot decide which one to get because it generally seems like the same. Thoughts?
What are the needle sizes on the short sharp tips? What sizes of cords come with the set?
Does this set come with lifeline cables?
What are the neeedle sizes in this kit?
How many yards each spool
Where was it made?
I've never used thread that wasn't on a plastic spool, how does this fit on a regular sewing machine? Will it work on a serger?
My measurements are Bust: 32" Waist: 24" Hips: 31" and I am 5'8" I know the bust on this is 33" so do you think it will work okay for me still?
What is the shoulder to shoulder measurement on the smallest settings?
How tall does this product stand?
what size would you say this size small is good for? I see there are measurements for the form, but what would the dress size equate to, in general? Up to an 8? 10? 12?
Where is the waist adjustment dial?
Does this work with a size 0? I am a size 0 in pants, dresses, and shirts. 24-25 in jeans.
What is the width of the shoulders?
If i get the small size can it adjust to 36 bust size?
How much did you guys buy it for?
Is the stand included?
What are the measurements and the range to expand or contract this Medium Size?
If you wear a size 10 in jeans would that be equivalent to the waist measurements for this dress form? I am looking into purchasing this as a gift.
Does anyone know the width across the shoulders of the medium and/or small forms? I have narrow shoulders and it may affect the size I choose. Thx!
Does this form have the pole off-set (or off-settable) for making pants? Thanks much!
What size is medium
I have low slung, large breasts. Always a concern when considering a dressform. Is the bust is on the flatish side?
I am tall. My back length is 20 inches to waist/ 23 to end of tailbone. How do I compensate? Is there another product that will work?
How much does this medium unit weigh? How much does the small unit weigh?
Does one dial adjust both waist and hips together?
I have a long waist. Can this adjustment be made on the form?
Good day, is my Juki TL98Q compatible with this frame and carriage set?
Have you tested it yet to see if it works with the Brother DZ1500F?
i have the Brother 1500. Does the frame come with instructions for full set up?
does this frame come with any stylus or templets
would a Brother quilt club 1300 machine be compatible with the Gracie queen machine quilting frame?
I have a Janome quilters companion 4800, Is it compatible with the gracie queen quilting frame?
I would like to know about templates or patterns for the quilting itself. Is there a way to use a pattern like some of the other set ups?
Are the frames limited to crib and queen sizes or can you quilt miscellaneous sizes up to a queen?
Does the Gracie Queen come with the speed control specific to the Brother 1500 S as part of the package?
Will it work with janome machine?
I've seen questions about magnum-size bottles and 5" diameter bottles...will this basically cut any size as long as it's round? 12" diameter?
Does it have the capacity to cut a wine bottle while only removing a 1/4" or so? I want to use as much as the bottle as I can. An even better question would be, what is the largest height I can cut?
will this cut the bottoms off bottles? I want to incorporate the round bottoms in my stain glass project.
does the deluxe kit have the bottle neck adapter?
I want to cut square Jack Daniels bottles. Will this be a problem? Thx.
Is it possible to keep a wine label intact, or will it be damaged in the cutting process? Thanks!
do you need cutting oil
Hello, will this work ok to cut an ABSOLUT bottle, just over the logo to make like a glass? (750ml bottle) thanks!
Are the bottles standing up or laying down as you cut?
will it cut a smaller diameter bottle--specifically a 1.5 inch diameter bottle?
Is this anything like Viking Knitting?
can i make beaded bracelets with wire and beads with this knitter
What is the largest size bead that I can use with this knitter? Can I use beads as large as 8 mm?
Any specific suggestions for wire-knitting? Eg using flexible beading wire, or thin gauge regular wire? And with what size seed beads? Tks!
In working with wire, is it easy to add new lengths of wire, without having wire ends stick out? Thanks!
Is this cord 'white'? The color pictured looks like black, but the description says white, which I dont want.
Where are these necklaces made?
is it just twelve strands because the picture looks like more than twelve
How big is the lobster Claw?
Did it take a month for the shipping?
How long are the necklaces and extenders?
Do these cords come as pictured with clasps attached?
Does the software that comes with this Silhouette CAMEO Tool Bundle allow me to design my own images to cut? If so, why would I need to upgrade software? Thanks in advance!
can this cut fonts 1/8" high?
Is there a cutting mat included with this bundle? Is there a cutting mat included with this bundle?
Does it come with the one year warrantee?
What file types are used?
how i can print my images from desk top to printer, PLS EXPLAIN ME WITH PHOTO,
HOW CAN PRINT PHOTO FROM DESK TOP
Can this thing accurately cut frisket film? I need a way to cut some precise frisket stencils for airbrushing. I require straight geometric cuts.
hello, i m living in Tunisia ,i want to ask is the silhouette you have in stock works with 220 V electricity ? as we don t use the 110V here
Is this good for quilting I need to know how many layers of cotton it will cut.
will these needles work with consew 226 r
will this work for juke mo-654DE and JukieDDL-5550N?
Will these work on a Reliable Barracuda 2000U-33?
Will these work on a Singer 191 D300 AA?
Will these work on a Juki DDL 8700?
What is the length and is it a round shank?
Can these needles work with singer 20u machine
Is anyone able to tell me how the lighting compares to Ott Lites? Thanks again.
how bright is the light compared to the 13watt portable lamp versions? does the box say what the lumens are?
how long does the light last on one full charge, please? Thanks!
Do you have to purchase a separate charger for this lamp
does this come with the adapter?
What size are the flowers?
Is this die compatible with the Sizzix Big Shot?
how many leaves does it include? thanks
hoe do you use it?
Can you use this die in cuttlebug machine?
Does this die work with the Cuttlebug machine?
What is the unrolled (useable) area? I only see rolled dimensions. Thanks.
Can you tell me if this has a completely SMOOTH surface (no texture on it), also, would it hold up to the temperatures of a heat gun? Thank you! :)
Has anyone used this mat with Mod Podge Dimensional Magic? I want to make clear embellishments.
Could I use this for heat embossing?
Can this punch through 1/4" thick items?
Can someone tell me where these are manufactured?
Will this work for fabrics? Like a towel or small blanket?
Does this work on felt and sheets of foam?
Would this punch through 2 pieces of cardstock in a thin plastic sleeve? Or is there a different crop-a-dile that would work better for that task?
I am making straw fitted mason jars. would you use 1/4 in or 5/16 grommets with this hole punch? also does the straws fit through the holes wiht grommit well?
does this product punch through fabric, or does it only punch through really tough things?
Has anyone used this to set eyelets?
Can you set the punch to easily and accurately punch a hole and set it or easily reset and duplicate that punch 'location'? Is this what this does?
How many sheets of paper will it punch through? Or cardstock if someone knows...
this product come from china
Are these Nickel Free?
Did they come as a clasp with the ring part? as in 25 pairs?
What is the size of the opening for the key ring?
Has anyone had these long enough and exposed them to water to determine if they tarnish?
Can I use digitized monogram letter files bought online (from Etsy, etc.) with this program?
Is the program compatible with my basic janome mc200e
does it save to .pes file
Is this program compatible with Janome 9500? Thank you.
how many do i get?
I want to use these stones in a mosaic in a floor. Could they tolerate foot traffic?
Can I embellish a hat or a jersey with theses?
are these self-adhesive?
Are these flowers fade resistant?
How tall are the planter picks
Is this listing for all 4 flower stakes or just one?
Is is pink all the way through or is only the top layer pink? I don't want the pink chipping off over time if it's only a layer of pink on the top.
Can it be rolled for storage? If so, how tight a diameter? Also, if so, is it hard to flatten back out after being rolled for a few days?
Would it workfor rolling and cutting polymer clay
Did your mat look like the darker pink in the picture? Mine is a cotton candy/light pink.
Are these tiles made out of glass or acrylic?
I want to glue these to a poster board, will that work? Thank you.
How many pieces of 3/4 and 3/8 are there in the package? I don't want to find that most of them are 3/8. Thanks
are they 2 sided
What is the thickness of these tiles?
Has anyone found a container to store these upright? Looking for an open top box to fit them in to be able to flip through them easily on a desk.
California Proposition 65 warning is on the magnetic sheets...do you know the chemicals used to manufacture the product that cancer warned against?
can you fit more 3 sheets in the container?
Are these sheets magnetic on both sides or just one side?
What is the size of these magnetic sheets?
What are the dimensions of these sheets? I've been buy Avery sheets that are about 8.5x11 and these seem quite a bit smaller.
I can use for Big shot?
Would I be able to use these shets to organize magnets?
Are these magnetic sheets white or black in color? Thanks!
You can send me this product to Ecuador Latin America
Does this iron come with its stand that holds it upside down?
Does it have adequate steam vents on the plate? Like how many?
what is the temperature range for this iron please
Hi! Is there a cord attached to the iron, or is it a chargeable iron without the cord? Thanks for YOUR time &#x1F3A8;
Is this iron Australian plug
How many watts is this product?
Does Amazon have this Lyra encaustic electric iron in 220v.?
Is it dual voltage or only for use with 220v?
Has anyone used these to mark wine glasses? There are markers/pens made just for that purpose at twice the price.
If drawn on clothing and wear that clothing for biking in the night (dark), when the car light shines on that marker ink, can it act as a reflector?
Are these permanent on glass? I'm looking for markers for people to sign anniversary bottles for a wedding and I don't want it to wash off easily.
Will this marker work well to cover black thread?
How permanent are these on hard plastic (like the type a phone charger is made of)? Will it rub off? What about Alcohol?
Are these sharpies good for Football Jersey and Helmet autographs?
Will these stay on clear plastic Christmas ornaments?
If you bake it, is it dishwasher safe?
Is the gold more of a champagne gold (similar to the back of the iPhone 5S gold back)?
Will these bleed through photo book paper? I want to use these for a guest book.
Is this sold by the yard ????
Is the price listed per yard? It will be my first time ordering fabric from the company.
What is the width of this fabric? Also, if I order a number of yards will it be in one piece (4 yards) or 1 yard pieces?
How many yards are on this skein? Thanks
What ply is this yarn?
It say 9 colors to choose from from the coutour jazz, the selection is not showing for the colors?
do you know how many stitches per inch?
what is the dimintions of yarn I am looking for something I saw that was made in Itily and can knitted on your arms as needles?
Can this table be folded flat to put away?
would anyone please confirm to me the actual measurements of the drafting table only? Thanks!
can the table be adjust to a flat level (like any regular table), or does it stays tilted to a certain degree? Is the small drawer included as well?
Can the metal pencil/utensil tray in the front be removed?
width and depth?
Is it possible to buy replacements for the supply drawers?
Will this perform cutting annealed .25" tool steel? My primary purpose for looking at this is it's size and sole purpose to cut steel efficiently.
Whats the biggest sizeof tile you can cut on this saw?
can it be used to cut wins bottles and if so up to what size in diameter
What thickness of metal stock can this saw handle?
Can this item be returned if I do not like it
What is this made of and is this all one piece?
What is it made out of?
is this 3 feet tall
What are the inner dimensions? Is there a strap inside to help secure the machine? The narrative is very short, any additional features to tell?
How long is the handle...it looks short &amp; I'm afraid it would be difficult to pull.
what are the inside dimensions?
Will the Brother Innovis nx2000 fit in this bag?
well viking sapphire 850 fit in the case
How much does the case weigh (without machine)? Thank you.
what are the demensions? I need at least 25" x 18" x 12"
what are the dimensions?
Will a Singer One Electronic Sewing Machine fit into this bag?
what are the measurements of the bag?
What is the inside measurments of the main comparment on this bag?
Are the three pieces attached? Or are they separate?
What are the dimensions of the bags? I have to know if my machine will fit before I buy this.
Will the larger case hold the Brother PE 770 and the arm or do they have to be packed sep?
Is it collapsable for storage?
We have a Husqvarna Ruby Designer Deluxe, a larger machine. What are the inside dimensions of the machine tote?
Do you have a bag to fit the Baby Lock Ellagante embroidery machine?
can the trolley be pulled down an aircraft aisle from the short end?
does the middle bag also fit a serger or just another sewing machine?
What are the inside demensions of the large Trolley? Will it fit the Bernina 830E?
how does it work?
Would this work on a horizontal surface (i.e. if you held it overhead like an overhead projector)?
could i put this over a larger painting small areas. at a time to do a mural on wall
is the projector on 240 volt or 110 US?
Would this work for tracing transparent images onto cookies (like 3"-4" ones) from above? Kopykakes are too expensive.
what type of bulb works in the projector?
I do advertising and a logo I designed a customer wants it enlarged, draw and paint 0n wall. will it show 8x10 pic and be able to enlarge 5x's that?
can i use this in a classroom for text
I am looking for something that will transfer and enlarge simply outlines, no detail work at all, like cookie cutter shapes. Will this work well?
Is it possible to project image onto the ceiling?
can this project an image into cavas or wall as a mural, and how big ?
is it easy to copy an image from a thick bound book? I'm trying to figure out how big of an image I can copy and then project onto the wall...
Is there a system to mount this overhead - so the projection will focus onto my desk top?
Does it have a fan?
are bulbs included with this projector?
Would this projector be good for showing words from songs for others to read and sing to?
Is it bright enough for a lighted room or do you need total darkness?
Does this model have a Prism Lens #200-705 which is necessary for use with the tabletop stand sold separately?
Can I get a replacement lens?
will this work in australia?
Does this project on the wall or screen? Say, a blueprint?
Does it project in color?
I am from Singapore and the residential Voltage is 230V. Would I be able to use this projector here? thanks!
Is this 110v or 220v?
Does this come with the table stand? Or is it just for the projector?
Would this project off a pic displayed on a tablet? Like would the tablet light make the image not work?
can i use it to project images into a cookie and copy small designs on it?
How far up can the arm extend? I want to project onto a 16 x 20 canvas.
Is this table comfortable for shorter people/kids? What is the actual height in flat position of the table?
could I use this for a sewing machine table?
Can this table be elevated to different heights? not the tilt but the base?
what is weight limit for table
can this table be adjusted to be lower, if so how low?
The product description says it is 46" high, is this correct? That must be wrong.
Can these be used in the Sizzix Big Shot?
Can this be used to cut out instead of embossing?
My sizzix is one of the first ones made ~ can I emboss with it?
Will these work on metals? Thx.
Hi can somebody tell me if I can use these in the sizzix eclipse machine? Thanks
How many sheets are in the package? Thank you.
Three questions: Description says Marshmallow. Is it a "true white"? Is it acid free? Is it smooth (no texture)?
Can this paper be used on a regular printer?
What exactly is the card stock weight of this paper? Is it 110?
hello, that operates electric voltage 120 or 220 v? , Which is the reference temperature control module and time?
Does this cap pres have a hold down for the back of the cap so it doesnt move during pressing, also want to make sure it is a clampdown not swing ar
It say there are multiple plate for this cap press. Are they included in this price?
Do you find this item annoying/hard to use if you have a sewing machine with a drop in bobbin?
Can this item be used by home sewing machines? I don't have a long- or mid-arm quilting machine, just a Husqvarna home machine with a platform.
I put lightweight fusible interfacing on the back of a pieced tablecloth - interfacing won't move to quilt....will this solve my problem?
I'm trying to sew PUL and it sticks to the machine and presser foot. Would this slider be of benefit when sewing sticky fabrics as PUL and vinyl?
What is the distance from the "punched hole" to the edge?
Which size do you recommend? Regular or queen?
Anybody using this with a mid-arm 15 inch quilter in a sit down table? If so, is it helpful?
I am confused about how many looms I will be getting. It looks like an 18-inch loom and another round loom and another sock loom. Is that right?
Is there a difference between a knitting board and a knitting loom?
How do you make socks with this loom. I tbought there would be at least two looms in this box? There is no sock patterns in the pamflet.
thanx heaps for replying ok so now my next question is for a first time loomer lol what loom do you recommend i should purchase I've looked around but theres soooo many and im unsure?????
Is the hook included?
Is there an all in one knitting loom that is adjustable like this one with a smaller gauge? I have a lot of thinner yarns,bamboo ect. thx!
What is in the package besides the loom?
Does this come with any patterns or an instruction book?
Why is this so expensive? I can purchase a brand new item directly from The Knitting Board for ten dollars less than your price.
Every online video that I've seen says that you have to use bulky yarn or two strands of worsted weight...why? I crochet scarves with 1 strand.
Is this sold by the yard, or what are the dimensions of each quantity sold?
How wide is it?
How wide is the fabric?
I am buying this paddle to decorate as a sorority gift? Is the surface smooth enough to hold acrylic ad spray paint?
Says free prime shipping when in stock. Also says usually takes 3-5 weeks to ship. Which is it?
Does the 23-7/8 inch measurement include the handle or is that just the size of the base?
We need 8 paddles by June 26th at the latest. Your website indicates there are only 2 left in stock. Can we get all 8 by then?
I am looking to buy atleast 15 paddles, and I am curious to know if there is a way to get a group discount?
Will this chalk pen work on chalkboard stickers?
How many grams are in one chalk ink pen?
I am a photographer and need this to wipe off easily from my chalkboards. Does it?
How far does one pen go? I have to write 150 wedding guests' names and am wondering if one pen will be enough. Thank you.
Will it sew on leather?
Can this machine sew denim and canvas (heavy duty) materials?
can you do free hand embroidery with it?
does this have a top drop in bobbin
weight?
I have purchased to take this to india? Can't work in India?
Can I sew a patch on a baseball cap with this machine?
is it easy to use
Is there a light on this machine that shines on presser foot area?
Does this machine come with a built in light
What accessories come with the machine?
How difficult is it to go from a serger to a cover lock with this machine? I have heard that it is a real pain to swap the combo machines over??? TY
do you have the CD for it?
Does it work with 120 V AC or 220 voltage AC or both???
Does this come with any additional feet, needles, etc?
does it have differential fedd
How is threading done?
Is this a 2 or 3 needle machine?
Is this a heavy-duty serger, can it perform well on heavy home Dec fabrics?
What type of needles and thread does this machine use?
Will this cover fit a 10.8 X 5.8 Bible
Will this bible case fit a bible that is 10 inches by 7 inches?
Does this have a zipper enclosure?
How is the bible secured inside the cover? Will it work well for either hardbound or leatherbound?
what are the dimensions of cover?
What are the dimensions?
What are the dimensions?
how is the battery life?
does this have a telescoping antenna?
What are the dimensions of the radio, excluding antennia?
Does this radio have SAME? Where it goes off during emergencies like Tornados and Bad Storms?
Can I plug it to the wall? Works with 220 Volts?
Does this work well with rechargeable battery's?
Does this radio come with earbuds?
Have any of you bought a dc adapter for your radio? Can you recommend which one to buy?
Does it have a button that you can press just to hear the weather or do you need to tune it to a channel each time your in a location.
what is the exact product weight and dimensions? the listed size seems awfully big for a pocket radio.
reviews for singer 2277
What is the weight of the 2277 Singer sewing machine?
can you buy a hem foot for this ?
is the buttonhole feature one step or four steps. Reviewer -Zawilski tAlked about a four step attachment but the product description refers to a one
Does it have a carrying handle?
There is a lever that says "push" on it. It is located behind the needle. What does it do? I can't find a purpose for it.
There is a lever that says "push" on it. What does it do? I can't find a purpose for it.
does it have a light?
does this have blind stitch?
can this be used on cups and things that are going to get washed a lot?
it looks like the colors are duplicated, am I right?
can this be used on cups and things that are going to get washed a lot?
Is this oracal 651? If not, what is the brand?
What colors does this pack bring?
I have a vinyl cutter (Us Cutter). Can I use my plotter to cut easyweed?
what are all this cutters? my was'nt mentioned here. ie. gcc expect 24lx
is it possible to pick the colors that I want to order?
is there a deffect in the hook system of the bernina 830
How to transfer embroidery designs to USB
I lost my bernina 830 manual. can I but one?
I have a love hate relationship with my 830 am I the only one that has the love factor?
I need a manual for the Inspiration plus 1630, that I bought second hand.is it still available to download?
WILL THE HOOPS WORK ON A BROTHER
Are the sheets also colored on the adhesive side?
Can this be used for iron ons for Tshirts and such?
Would these work on wine glasses? Maybe if I hand washed them only?
Several customers state there there are no metallics. The description says that silver is included. Is silver included?
will this work with the silhouette cameo?
What colors come in this set? Are there any metallics?
Will this work for wall decals? I don't want to damage my walls upon removal.
what brand is this vinyl?
The product description here says 12" x !2", but the photo clearly shows vinyl that is NOT square... Is this really 12" x 6" sheets?
Can you apply vinyl to a t shirt using a heat press or iron?
Is this the newer one with 4x the holding force than the first one out?
will it fit innovis Ie
WILL THIS HOOP WORKS ON ELLISMI GOLD?
Will it fit the new quattro machine.
If you could order only one size hoop, which would it be? I have a Brother 6000d
will this hoop work on an Ellegante and Ellisomo?
Is the base black or chrome?
What height does this go up to?
What is the actual waist size?
Is there a logo on the chest (as in photo 2), or are they plain (as in photo 1)?
is this white or off white or natural in color? Can this be pinned?
My Dress form came with nothing to hold it together....What do you use??? Nuts and Bolts?? Spit....Who can I talk to??? Love the item if I can put it together!!!
i need measurements around the waist please. i want this for a childs dress
What is the demensions of the base?
What size is actually dress form ?
how tall is it?
what r these people talking about nuts and bolts, how many should come with and what r they for. I need the form for selling dresses, blouses etc.
is the product human size?
hello, I need to know the weight of the product
do it come with the stand
Would this be comfy for an indoor recliner slipcover? Will I stick to it?
What is it made from?
how wide is it?
What is the width of this material?
Is the background navy blue or black?
I am ordering 3 yards.of your Swavelle Almondell Cobalt. Will it come in one piece?
How wide is the bolt? I know a yard is 36 inches, but how wide is the piece?
does this baby book actually come with photos of another baby on it? or are they blank spots?
Is there a place in the book for foot/hand prints?
Does this book have a page to record their progressive growth with the %??
does it have a place for baby shower information
Does this book come with storage pockets for newspapers etc.?
Do you know if this box has the acid free paper for taking the baby's footprints or hand prints?
Does this have space for baby foot and hand print?
can you download more fonts? i want to use this primarily to save on having names and monograms and such ...can you make different style fonts?
Does this machine do regular sewing well also? I need to sew heavyweight items.
Could I use this to do appliques?
I would like to ask why in product discription it states this machine sells for under $300. and price says other wise?
Can I use a memory stick with this embroidery machine
Can you repeat embroider on a large piece of fabric?
is 4 x 4 big enough?
Do you have to manually adjust your hoop for each letter when monogramming?
I am in Norway. This modell is not for sale here. Does it runs on 220V main? Is VAT included in the price?
If using a design from your computer, do you have to stitch design w/usb cord stil attached to computer &amp; emb machine?
Is the the machine with the automatic pressure setting knob so there is no dealing with "sandwiches:"?
Is the platform magnetic? Or, does the Genius magnetic platform work with this machine?
How large is the cutting plate?
what is the warranty on this machine?
what no# on the dail do you use for the sizzis bigz dies? can anyone help please
Can the sizzix extended multipurpose platform fit the Evolution?
Would this be used for sewing purposes?
Can anyone tell me what material this dress form is made of? Is it fiberglass covered in foam and a layer of fabric? Is it a sturdy dress form?
Can I get this with the white base and cap? The one in the picture labeled BS-03. Thanks
What color is the jersey covered form? Ivory color closer to yellow or white? I look for ivory closer to white. Becasue it looks better on picture...
Can you remove the wooden base from the torso?
My daughter is 10 years old an aspiring fashion designer and i want to get her this to help her fashions come to life any suggestions?
Do you guys have a size 6???
HI, I just place an order but it did not gave me the option of adding the note about wanting a black wood base please help me.
can it be use for draping
can you ship this to canada?
Is this 100% lye?
is the product liquid or powder?
A buyer came back w/feedback that this lye did not work for them and added that the lye did not set up in their tried recipes. Any idea why that is?
In the description it says: "Ideal for the individual or professional soapmakers &amp; bakeries" Anyone tried to use it for pretzels? Food grade?
Is this sodium hydroxide or potassium hydroxide?
Is this product tested on animals?
It says in the description "no clinginess" -- but aren't there always issues with static cling when you're dealing with any (non-liquid) lye product?
Does it ship to Canada
What is shelf life?
is this ten of each (plug and strap)?
does anyone know how they put the charm on them please tell my first time getting
I have a samsung s4. how does this product connect to it? thank you
Will these plugs work for Samsung devices?
do these work on Samsung Galaxy S4/ i'm confused is what I have a smart phone????
Can you connect the straps onto the adapter then connect it to a stylus pen?
How heavy of fabric will this machine accept
One of the answers says it comes with a blind hem foot. Why doesn't it say that anywhere in the description? Does that foot come with the machine?
I tried to disengage the cutting blade but cannot get it back into correct position. I've only had the serger for 2 days, thanks!
What country was this made in?
can you use regular size spools of thread
I just ordered one! Should I have ordered thread spools and needles? (We have two chain fabric and 2 craft stores.) Brands recommended?
This machine has safety stitch?
how do you set this machine for rolled hem?
Does this machine have the free arm sewing feature?
Can anyone tell me the voltage of this machine? I'm looking for a serger I can use in Europe. Thanks in advance.
What is the interior depth of the shelves? (total depth says 2" but I assumed that is the exterior measurement from front to back).
Is it big enough for wine bottles, coffee cups, or Shot glasses?
How tall is it? like the whole thing.
Would the two taller spots in the middle of the box hold Pez dispensers? Pez dispensers are roughly 5" tall and need about an 1 1/2" of depth.
Could I hang this piece horizontally, adding hooks and stuff? Thanks
IS IT STURDY? WILL IT WORK FOR SMALL SEA SHELLS?
Is this a set of 3?
Are those measurements right? 10 inches in height? Or is that the length of these trays?
I'm assuming the 10x6 measurements are for the largest of the three trays? Thanks.
Are the three trays of same size?
What are the dimensions of each of the trays?
Do these work well on chalkboard paint - specifically on drywall?
Will these come off of a chalkboard painted porous surface? Like painted wood, not glass or plastic?
Will these work on a slate board?
If used on chalkboard vinyl, can designs/lettering be easily with a sponge/cloth &amp; water? Does it leave any type of residual marking? Thank you.
If used on chalkboard vinyl, can designs/lettering be easily with a sponge/cloth &amp; water? Does it leave any type of residual marking? Thank you.
Are these round or chisel tip?
Can I use these on black kraft paper?
The item photo shows 4 WHITE Chalk Pens ... IS this a package of only white? That is what I am looking for ... any help is appreciated. Thanks!
Will this work on doing professional baseball jerseys?
Hi, what type (brand) of frames should I buy....
What is the size of the printing area?
I don't see anytime of shock or spring so I was wondering if the screen will remain in the up position on its own?
how do we use this???
does this come in a complete set
Will this come with instructions?
What is the total weight for this item?
How large is the printing area?
How much is needed for covering an entire sofa?
Is it water repellent ?
Once applied does this product make the sofa fabric feel crisp or change the softness at all?
HOW MANY OUNCES IS IN THIS ITEM?
How ounces are in the bottle?
Would this drill be good with seashells?
I melt pony beads to make sun catchers.I need a simple tool to drill a hole to hang.will this do that?
What materials does this product work with well? Are there any materials it lists on packaging not to use on? I am currently working with plastic and
would this work on cold porcelain clay after it's been set?
Does this open holes in quartz beads?
do you need to use a different transformer to use this tool in the UK, the tool says input 120 v and we are 240 v here?
I'm new to jewelry making. Will this drill work on quartz crystals? What other itesm would I need please?
Can these be used with the Sizzix cutting machines?
Does this template work in a big kick or big shot. What do I have to do to make this work in these machines?
does this cut out the image or just emboss
Does this folder work in the Sizzix Texture Boutique?
does this work in the vagabond cutting mach
I am confused by the reviews. DOES this work in the BIGKICK? or not. If so, quickly could someone say how? thanks
will this work with Cutlebug
will this work with the sizzix bigkick
How do you get the two colored effect?
is it designed to be used with the big shot?
Does this work with the Sizzex boutique?
does it fit the cricut cuddlebug?
Are this needles fit for Beads embroidery? Are they hooked?
Can anyone tell me the differences between this product and http://www.amazon.com/Tambour-Holder-...
How many needles come with this set? what are the needle sizes?
What if the needles should become dull. Where do I purchase just the needle and not the handle piece?
is this used for beading?
May I used this felt to line a dice shaker?
I need a peice that is 6ft by 6ft. Would two yards of this felt (6 ft) that is 72" wide (6 ft) come to me as a 6x6 ft square?
If I order 12 yards will it come in a roll? Or individual yards? I need 3 four yard pieces
If I order 2 yards will it come in two individual pieces or one 2 yards long
how thick is the felt and what is it's weight? Medium weight tells me nothing!
Can this mannequin sit down or is it stand up position only?
I have placed my order on November 07, 2013. The mannequin was not available, and I have been wating for two months already till it gets back in stock and ready to ship. Now, I see that the mannequin is available, they are back in stock, but there is...
Can she wear pants, legging or socks?
what is the shoe size of this mannequin?
Is the glass stand solid enough to support the mannequin. I have seen reviews for other mannequins that state that they have trouble with the stand.
I ordered this on the 6th of November and have not heard anything yet regarding shipping. When can we expect to receive the product we ordered?
Hello, I've placed my order on November 7th, but it's already December 23rd and I have no idea when my order will be shipped to me. The's no any info!
How many of you received mannequins that have rotatable hands? Photos in this listing appear to be from different models--one (the first 3) with detachable hands &amp; separate fingers, one is not.
are the ears pierced?
Please, when will that mannequin be available for shipment? November, December, or January?
How can I possibly paint on this canvas, a rolled up piece of fabric w/no hard backing? Directions say put in frame after painting, not before. Help!
do you have to mix the paint?
can children do them?
How do you put the wooden stretcher frame together? There are no instructions. I can't figure it out. :(
how do I order more paints for this art piece?
What's the difference between this sealer and mod podge? If I press a fingernail into the Earth Safe, will it dent or is it completely hard?
would this be good for sealing a design I painted on stainless steel spoons?
Can you seal paper on to glass with this product?
I am looking for something to seal the inside of a terra cotta bowl for a bird bath. Does this leave enough of a coat to make the bowl easy to clean?
What kind of finish does this give? Is it matte? semi gloss? gloss?
Is this food safe. I have a mug with a chip on the bottom I want to fix because it leaks where the porous ceramic has been exposed
I'm looking for a waterproof, foodsafe sealer that can be applied on painted, slumped wine bottles that I can cut cheese on. Would this work?
I'm looking for a clear sealer to put on commercial tiles to make thwem non slippery. will this work?
If you put this on particle board will it lock in the offgassing fumes? Thx
So is it completely water proof? I want to use it for ornaments in my aquarium.
can you buy arms with more of a bend separate
Are her fingers separated? I ask because I make slave bracelets (handflowers) and need to put a chain loop around her center finger for them.
How flexible? Do the hips and knees bend into a sitting position? Does the torso and neck bend and pivot? Do the elbows bend?
Does she come with the Bikini? I am thinking about using it to practice photograpy and flashes
What are the measurements for this product? Thanks.
Can you separate the upper body/bust from the hips and the legs?
how old is she
how old is she
can the head tilt if so how much tilt is it life size
what is the skin tone? is the head the same color as the body?
Is the head removable. How easy is it to put together? Do you need to use tools to put it together?
Hi, are the legs or lower body removable?
can the arms go up and down? does the head turns?
What is the mannequins head circumference?
I'm looking for a maaequin to practice air brushing art, do you think body paint could be used over and over on this plastic?
Can I rotate the waist on this mannequin. Trying to make a display with a football player, and would like to see the back of jersey name
What size shirt and pants fit this mannequin?
can you pose the arms - I am looking to purchase a male, female and at least 1 maybe 2 children mannequins
What sizes do the parts break down to? I have a Pelican case and need to figure out if I can fit it into that for shipping. Is the glass base sturdy?
If I purchase 2 of these items, can you combine shipping?
does it have hair?
how tall is this
Can this mannequin sit on a chair?
Can the torso be separated from the abdomen, so that I can practice portrait lighting for only the upper torso (without legs/feet).
can you put coveralls on this mannequin
can the arms movable or bendable?
Can u tell me the circumference of the head, above the ears and slightly above the brow?
Can I put gloves on this mannequin?
Is the base included?
What are the measurements of the pieces after it is broken down? I have a large Pelican case and wonder if it will fit.
What are the dimensions of the base?
does it fit a medium leather jacket???
can the legs bend as in sitting position?
How tall is th PS_ROB Plastic Male Mannequins
Are the arms removable?
how to assemble french style easel
Do you have to take the legs off to used it as a table palette, or to they fold up?
Does this easel fold flat and compact?
What's the maximum canvas size it can hold?
instructions????? didnt come with any at all
Are you able to place the canvas at a slight forward tilt? So that it would be suitable for pastel use?
Is this easel stained at all or could the buyer put a dark stain on it?
What is the rated voltage of the Reliable Sewquiet 5000 servo motor
will this motor work with the brother db2-b755-3 machine
does the 50 mm pulley make the machine sew slower
is change direction set up for reverse stitching?
you show a work bench with this motor, were can i buy it?
Is a brushless servo any quieter than a normal servo (mine has high pitched whine when I sew)?
will it provide enough power to sew through 7/8" of leather?
Does this come with the Reliable REL5000P50 Smaller 50mm Motor Pulley for SQ5000/P?
Does the motor come wired with a foot switch and just need 110 wired in?
If I put this sewquiet 5000 on a juki, will it have the strength to sew leather, if so, up to what thickness? THANKS!!!
I want to use this as a DJ Facade, if you search it on Amazon it will help. I want to use it to put LEDs to shine on it. Does this sound possible?
Is this good projection material, can it be used as a projection screen?
Do the edges fray??
Is it cone six ?
Can this be used to make pottery that is safe for cooking (cookware)?
What color is this clay? I usually get gray but want to try a speckled brown...no color stated on this clay.
For a video project, I need to make a model city/cars/people &amp; have them dissolve in rain.(Controlled) I have rigid molds will this dissolve?
What is the temp that it needs to be fired to??
Does it come with English user manual. I some other language on the display,.
is there a speed slider for the button sew (instead of the foot pedal)?or is it variable with just a slow, medium and fast?
What is the size of the machine, L x w x h ? I need a smaller machine, portable and fairly light weight. Thanks.
does it come with a hard carrying case?
Does this machine come with a hard cover?
is it dual feed?
does it have a metal frame?
What size/type of bobbins does it take. I can't find that info in the manual.
what do you mean by computer controlled ?
how many papers are in this kit?
Could anyone please tell me how many sheets of each design are there? Thank you!
Is this just paper &amp; stickers, or does it actually include a book as well?
how many papers are in this kit?
Is this sold by the yard?
I plan to line a dog bed with this. Do you think it is so soft that his rough pads and toe nails will shred it and leave bits everywhere?
I want to re-upholstery an arm chair, which is used but not heavily used. Is the fabric strong enough for that purpose&gt;
I am making a bin for my framed art. Would like to line it with something that keeps the frames from scratching will this work?
Will dirt and sand from my dog's feet seep through? I want to keep the sand out of the sheets on the bed.
Is it washable? Does it shed a lot? I plan to make car seat covers.
how thick is the furry side of the material?
how many 80 lb bags of cement would this 1 lb of color cover?
Will this work with unsanded grout for glass tiles on a shower wall? if so, how much would I need to color a 9 lb bag for a light to medium blue?
Will this color white portland cement? I am making hypertufa planters (portland cement, perlite, vermiculite). Thanks
What company manufacturers these pigments?
Is this truly UV stable?
What is the Size of this mold?
Can you use these with regular soap slivers that you have left over? To make a new bar?
How many molds are in this?
Could I use this for say..Marzipan? It wouldn't require for the mold to withstand heat, either.
Can you use this for other things besides soap?
Hi i am ready to purchase this however during checkout it shows that it would take 17-28 business days to ship to San Francisco, can you pls confirm?
what are the dimensions of these molds..L x W x H.????
I would like to know if this mold would be good for candle making. If yes, will I be able to have a standing angel?
can this angel mold be used for fondant or gum paste for cake decorating
Since these molds are made of silicone, does that mean they are flexiable? Are they heat resist?
will this mold work for hot soap making how do you get the soap out without sticking after the soap cools??
Does it ship from China
how big is this (l x w x h)?
Did anyone use this for cold process soap and how did it work?
I am an artist and would like to know if I have the option to use designs I have created myself on the singer futura xl 550 embroidery machine.
thread bundles up at pressure plate
Does this machine REQUIRE a computer to be attached? Or can it read stored designs from a USB flash drive?
Compare xl 550 with the xl 400 What are thd differences?
What brand of thread does anyone recommend for the Futura 550?
Can you tell me if additional software is included such as Hyperfont and Autopunch? It says its included on the Singer website. Thanks!
I already own a sewing machine with a slew of built-in stitches. Is there an embroidery-only machine with these embroidery capacities?
what kind of thread works the best for the xl 550
Quilting: How big is the open area bit where the quilt has to be rolled up? Is it big enough that you could easily quilt a twin sized quilt?
I have Windows 8 on my laptop. Will this machine/software run with Windos 8 ???
Do they show up on a black dry earse board?
Can you write and erase on mirrors?
If you shine uv light on these colors, will they glow?
Do these markers glow in the dark?
Do these work with Chalkboard PAINT?????
I am interested in using this material for making a earthing sheet. Would it work in that application? How would I make the sheet, any suggestions.
Could I use this to make a lining for my purse to protect my cell phone and credit cards?
I want to make this material into socks and then to connect it to my TENS electrical stimulation unit so that the stimulation covers the entire foot.
Question to merchant before I order: Dimensions? Is it 6 ft long by 1 ft wide?
What is the size of your product
hi, can i use it as mattress cover as protection against EMF? do i need to use it with the grounding cord? How should i connect them? thx.
Frankly, this is all Greek to me. If I get a blanket size of this stuff and a grounding cord, throw it over me like a bedsheet, will it block wifi?
Will a single layer block RFID 100%? ie. if I line my purse, will ALL of MY contents be protected? Most RFID wallets only block specific sleeves.
Would this work under an organic cotton fitted sheet?
What are the dimensions of this ArgenMesh sheet on Amazon?
Can these be used to hang necklaces?
3 large dogs, I want to attach rabies tags and name tags. I hate the O rings, do these bend or break with pliers?
Will 17 Ga. S hooks fit the wood cut outs with the 2.2MM holes?
Hi I wanted to know if 1 Inch S Hook can be used for purse hangers. I wanted to know if they are durable enough to hang a purse. Thanks in advance!
I, too, want to use them to organize necklaces. I have 1/2" diameter curtain tension rod. What is dia of circle when 1 loop is closed?
I have small dogs and want this to attach their tags. Will this be too bulky for a little dog or should I look for smaller S hooks?
I have small dogs and want this to attach their tags. Will this be too bulky for a little dog or should I look for smaller S hooks?
On the picture there are different types of hooks. Are they all the same or are they different?
what size in mm is the width, not sure how big 17 gage is?
Would these attach to a wire cd rack to hang bracelets?
Can I nip them if I want uneven pieces?
About how many little tiles are in a pound?
Are these tiles unglazed and untreated?
It says it measures 15" but what is that? Circumference? Diameter? and from what point? Is that from each out edge of the numbers or the hands?
anyone apply this to a TEXTURED wall? If so, please comment.
Where can I buy replacement parts? I accidently broke the whole middle part of the clock and hands. Is there a place to buy JUST that?
How do you remove the decal when you need to re-paint the wall? Am I correct in assuming that it's not reusable?
Can you arrange the numbers in an oval?
Can I peel it off without damaging the wall?
Hi, can you tell me the actual size (measurement of the numbers? Just want to make sure it's not too big for the wall I plan to put it on. Thanks
Is the clock loud? I would like to put this in my bedroom, but I wouldn't like a constant ticking sound at night.
Do you have any other colors? Like bronze?
what is the diameter of the center piece?
It says it measures 15" but what is that? Circumference? Diameter? and from what point? Is that from each out edge of the numbers or the hands?
anyone apply this to a TEXTURED wall? If so, please comment.
Where can I buy replacement parts? I accidently broke the whole middle part of the clock and hands. Is there a place to buy JUST that?
How do you remove the decal when you need to re-paint the wall? Am I correct in assuming that it's not reusable?
Can you arrange the numbers in an oval?
Does this machine have a light on it?
does it have a drop in bobbin ?
Does it sew all kind of fabrics??? like leather, jean and other types of raw fabrics??
Do these machines have a foot pedal?
is there a manual
does it need machine oil
I need a book on this machine just a manual !
Does it do a zig zag stitch?
Can you quilt with this machine?
I recently purchased the Singer 2263, and I'm just wondering how durable it is
I take it this requires some kind of machine?
Hi I have the expandable lattice and despite putting it through the grand caliber 4 times and using wax paper the middle does not cut even on thin card do you have any suggestions.
i am unable to get this to work in the cuddlebug, any suggestions, fancy trellis spellbinders
how many buttons come per order?
What is the diameter of these buttons? 16 mm?
I need enough to cover 8 inches. How many do I need?
how many buttons for $7.44?
are theses buttons shiney satin?
WHAT IS THE DIAMETER OF THE BUTTON
Do the legs move at the hips ? I would like to position her with the legs straight instead of together at the knees, is this possible ?
what size high heel can model wear??
Can the shoulder joints move so the arms can be adjusted?
Does mannequin come with a wig???
How quick is the shipping after order is placed??
Does this mannequin wear high heel shoes and what size would she wear. Does wig come with mannequin for same price???
What is the caliber?
Does it take co2
is it semi auto
would you recomned for jaegers paintball?p.s. beginner
Does it have a butterfly trigger
what is shipping size of this product?
Is the tank refillable
on a scale of 1 to 10 what do y'all rank this marker?
is tank full when it comes
what size paintball does this gun take
Can I use this mold to make candles?
Is the smell people refer to possibly formaldehyde? Lots of news about that lately in products from china.
How many cavities does this mold have?
Are these food safe molds, that might be used to mold chocolate or butter or cream cheese?
Are these beads lead free?
Is it going to change color ?
Will they fit a pandora braclett?
How large is the hole in mm? Thank you.
Do the bags have pull strings or other mechanisms to help close them after being filled? I plan to use them to hold soil or debris.
is there an assortment or variety? I donot want 10 of the same bags.
can they be used as grow bags?
Why is your shipping so expensive, i see other sellers selling it for 21.00 and asking 5 dollar shipping why is yours opposite.
How tall are they &amp; wide, I need them for my bushes
Could I order the 10 pack to contain the same bag - specifically CAFE DO BRASIL? How would I specify on the order to ensure this. Thank you
I would like to buy 4 sets of 10, can a deal be worked out on the shipping?
I do not need 10 bags, could I order fewer? what would the price be per bag that way?
WHAT SIZE ARE THE BAGS
Might they be sent to Spain? Which patterns do you have?
Can this be used for wall stencils?
Is this stiff, like construction papaer?
Hi, I am looking for stencil material to use paint with that will have to be washed after. Is this Mylar the correct material?
can you use vinyl backing to cut the stencil on a plotter or do you have to use a carrier sheet
I am making a sconce and need a film to diffuse the light so you don't see the bulb. Is this heat resistant and opaque-ly transparent?
How flexible is it? would it fit well to the shape of a skateboard? and also, how easy is it to cut? do i need to laser cut it or could i use a razor?
If I want to make a 20" round stencil...is this large enough to do that without having to piece two together?
How wide is he 72" roll
Is this material good for making t-shirt stencils?
Will the heated stencil cutter work to create a stencil. If not what thickness will produce a good quality thick stencil for marking on quilts?
will this material cut with a roland plotter?
IS this material matte finish on both sides?
I just bought this tool, but I don't know how to unlock it. Any suggestions?
Do these make a hole as well as seal the eyelets?
works for cardstock?
Where can I get the refills?
Do the pliers work with leather?
I am looking to bind together a few piece of paper and have them pivot or fan out. Is this what I am looking for?
Where can I get the same eyelets that are 3/16"? The ones on Amazon that I ordered have a longer barrell and don't work well on paper (they're lose).
Hopefully it is made in Japan but one cust says it is not aligned properly, so maybe not? Where is this made please?
what is that list of screwsetter bits
Where can I get more eyelets? The ones that came with my pliers worked pretty good but I have no Idea what size they are.
I am a quilter and am waiting delivery for my Brother HC1850. Will I need to buy extra presser feet such as, a foot to stitch in the ditch or 1/4 in piecing foot other than the open toe walking foot.
Does this machine come with a case?
how does it handle heavy fabrics?
Does anyone know if the sewing size of the embroidery letters can be made bigger, and if so how do you do it. thanks
Would I be able to sew thicker materials for example denim, leather (soft or thick)?
Does it handle multiple quilted layers? I'm making purses and attaching the quilted handle to the quilted bag is an issue for me.
Is this a good machine to make horsemanship clothes with cyrstals/bling and other rhinestones?
Would this machine monogram on terry cloth towels?
Does it have needle down position?
What is the difference between free arm and wide table? What are pros and cons? I own an old cabinet style machine that sits flat into the cabinet.
What is the highest temperature this heat press goes up to?
are the top and bottom heating platens or just the top one? What is the clamping pressure? The inks I use says I need 30 or 40 psi.
can the heat press be used for pressing vinyl on T-shirt
i did not get any paper on the the heat press to show me how to set it or high i sure set on
How do you set the timer on this machine?
what about the temperature? celsius or fahrenheit
Is this celsius or fahrenheit? thanks
im lost how do i operate the knob for pressure????
From all my research, this seems to be the most reliable heat press for the money I am willing to pay.However, does it come with a 16x24 teflon sheet?
This photo is a clamshell press yet your description states swingaway, which is it? Your previous answer was not clear.
Does this machine have a start/stop button? Does it have a free arm for sewing sleeves?
Is there a walking foot?
What is the throat measurement on this Juki? I am interested if there is ample room for free motion quilting.
What size letters will this machine make? Can you type in a word or do you have to position each letter individually?
Which shank does this machine have: high, low, or slant shank? Or does it have snap-on feet?
Does this machine have a metal frame inside it body exterior?
Does the automatic push button to see have a sliding speed or a variable speed (slow, med, fast)?
I need a machine to do applique around numbers and letters that are mounted on heat tape to be put on baseball jerseys. Will it work? This is a job.
What model free motion quilting presser foot does one need for G110.?
what accessories come with this machine from the factory
What does "pinnable sideways" mean?
Is size 6 equal size M
what are collapsible shoulders?
What are the bust-waist-hip-shoulder measurements for the size 6?
What are the measurements: bust, waist, hip please
What is the length from the shoulder seam to the bust point (measuring along the princess seam)?
What is the highest height this dress form can be raised to?
does it have the seams for draping?
Hi. COuld you tell me if you are able to send to the UK? If so what would be the cost? Many thanks. Regards, Julijana Zappia
Does this dress form have the flat bottom or buttocks? THANX!
does this form raise up and lower?
Why does it say in the description that it is only pinnalbe sideways?
Do you have this dress form in size 6? If so I would purchase it.
i am making sun hats would this hold up to crocheting with?
Would this work to make little hula skirts? Is it strong enough to tie onto string and will it survive a luau themed birthday for little girls?
Can this be used to make grass table skirts?
Is it wide enough to use to make a luau skirt?
how wide is this ribbon?
pieceS? how many 1 ea of 12" x 24"
how many millimeters thick is this piece?
Is this vegetable tanned?
can this mold be used with cold process soaps,or only with melt and pour?
can this mold be used for candles?
Is this a 2 piece mold? How do you make the front and back of the sheep?
can this be used with fondant and chocolate?
Is the craft art silicone soap mold FOOD SAFE?
Can this mold used be for foundant?
Where does this mold ship from and if it's over seas how long did it take to get to the states?
does it tick?
nowhere do you tell me how long the hands are.
The piece I want to replace is 2" square and 1" thick and was made in USA. Would your clock fit ? It was bought in the 1980's by Zimmer Rapp.
Will this work fo a four inch clock face?
I need longer hands for my grandfather clock. The hour hand is 4"; the minute hand 3". Measurements are rounded up slightly. Color is black.
what number hands should I request to replace existing 3"minute hand and 2.5" hour hand - plain style?
When I place my order, where can I select a specific set of hands ?
can a second-hand be installed ?
The box I want to replace is 2 in. square and is approximately 1/2 inch depth.. The minute hand is approximately 9 inches long. Do you have a replace
How long is the shaft? This does come with the 2nd hand, correct?
Hi can someone help with the item's dimension? Don't find it at amazon. Want to ensure it's enough to be put inside a standard luggage. Thank you!
Can it be hung on the wall?
How far apart are the pegs please? Need to know if my cones will fit. Thank you.
Can it be hung on the wall.
Do you think it's possible to attach this to a peg board? Thanks in advance!
Has anyone tried to hang on a peg board yet?
Does it have to be hung on a wall? Will it sit on a table or floor?
Is this rack made of wood or plastic?
I am looking for a rack to hold 6" tall embroidery thread spools. Will this work?
This is embroidrey thread correct?
what is this thumbnailer for? i just got my first embroidery machine. is this necessary or will the embrillance essentials software be enough?
Will this program work with a Mac?
Can you use this with Yosemite?
Is this version for PC or Mac? I believe the Embrilliance Essentials CD is for either, but the Thumbnailer has to be one or the other. Thanks!
before i buy this embrilliance thumbnailer cd ,can u download designs on the usb stick as well as seening all of the designs .
Which is better Embird or Embrilliance? Ease of use? And expandable? Trying buy something for my wife to digitize and organize all her embroidery d
Does this software work on its own, or do you need the Embrilliance Essentials too?
Is this the software I need to open desings on my computers
i have embroidery works on my machine, do you have to have embrilliance basics for this software to work?
I want the Mac version. How do I order specific?
Will the journal lay flat so that I can do 2-page spreads?
Are the pages perforated so that they can be easily taken out?
how does it do with fine tip markers?
Is this a hard cover edition?
What is journal/paper is good for copic markers
how many pages in the book?
What color are the pages? Bright bleached white or is there a tone?
Is this softbound or hardbound?
Where are the measurements for the different sizes of this dress form
are larger sizes available?
How do you specify the size you'd like? I'm only able to the option to specify "Qty"?.
Hello do you have a chart with all measurements to determine what size to purchase?
What are the bust, waist, hip measurements?
Do you sell arms as well? how long for a size 12?
between shoulders in the back I am 14.5 inches; what is the same measurement size 12?
I am a petite figure with a small back (shoulders 16") and bust 39", big waist 33 and hips 41 1/4". What size would you suggest that I buy?
What is the measurement for the size 12 from the base of the neck (at back) to the waistline line (at back). I'm long and always have to add length Wendy S.
How do I know what size to buy, does this adjyst at all, what is it made of?
I am new to sewing and sewing machines. I want to purchase thread for a Brother xl2600i, and i don't know if this will work with that machine.
Would these be appropriate for embroidery hand or machine work?
How many yards in each spool?
How tall (long) is the spool? Another supplier states the spool is 5" tall, which is as tall as a serger spool and would have to be placed on a stand
how many spools?
is it good for quilting
What is the diameter and height of one spool? Does the thread break cleanly, fray a little, or fray a lot when broken, not cut?
I would like to purchase a size 8 when will be available for purchase? I like to purchase the Fabulous Fit, but need to know size to match an 8.
What material is the dress form made out of? Is it cardboard, paper mache, or other?
What does the height extend to. How tall does it get?
In size 8, what is the shoulder measurement when the magnetic shoulder part is removed?
How do you out it together? NEED HELP!!!!!!
Do you have it in size 6? I would like to have it in size 6
I'm looking for a Pinnable-Magnetic-Removable-Shoulders size 14 Mannequin - do you have that in stock? If not, when will you have some?
Do you have a fully pinnable dress form in a size 2 or 4?
i need this size 10 and do you have with hip and bump..thnx
what are the exact measurements of this item? Bust, waist, hip?
does it have fragrance?
I have used Milliard 444.What is the difference btwn that and 344? 444 mentions fragrance and throw, 344 doesn't say much.
can you melt this in a crock pot. I am doing a craft and don't have access to a stove. Be heated in the crockpot and we can dip it out?
Can this wax be melted in the microwave?
Is this wax easy to melt? Will it work in molds?
I know what 444 soy wax is but I could not find what 334 was. Anyone know the difference between the two?
Can I microwave melt this wax and is it freestanding?
can i pour this wax into egg shells?
How many small 6 or 8 oz jars can this make?
How many 8 0z candles do you get from a 5lb of wax
What is the difference in the 444, 464, etc.?
Is this wax scentless or does it have an added scent to it?
Is it possible to color the wax?
How many 3x3 candles will this product yield ?
Is this 464 wax? Doesn't say in the description...
I'm looking for a wax that I don't have to add any color to and it look white in a clear glass container. Is this a good wax to fit my needs?
What is the ratio for adding a scent to the wax...how much scent goes into a pound of wax?
What is the ratio for 100% Essential Oils?
Would these stamps be good to make Christmas tags out of clay or salt dough?
What size are the letters?
what is the size of the "alpha" letter?
Hi, im from mexico and i want this stamps, you do international shipping?
Hi! could somebody enlight me a bit about the difference between Soft Pastels, compressed pastels and soft pastel chalk? Thank you!!
What is the actual size of these pastels?
do these work well on chalk boards?
Do these give off less powder into the air than other types of pastels?
Huh. I don't suppose there is a color list or chart for this box? Something in English? I *ahem* may (definitely) be colorblind.
Are these washable. Like washes out of clothes etc. easily?
do they work well on clay?
Does it work on hair?
What brand are these pastels
Can it use the Sizzix Pro dies?? They are the very large ones made for the Sizzix Bigshot Pro
How well does it work with Accuquilt dies? Can it handle all sizes of Accuquilt Go! dies?
Will spellbinders shape abilities die d lites work with the fisars fuse?
Can I use this to make regular linocuts and woodblock prints, with blocks I've carved myself? Or does it only work with the specially made dies?
Can I cut fabric for quilt appliques with this machine?
Has anyone had trouble with the Fuse dies tearing the cardstock/paper when it's supposed to be embossing? Thanks.
Could I use this with my AccuQuilt dies?
I'm looking at this machine for quilting. Does anyone know how many layers of fabric it will cut at once.
Can you use "normal" embossing folders in this machine?
What is the largest size of paper that can be run through the press?
how rough are they since unfinished? I want to write letters on them and use them for spelling practice. Would they splinter small hands?
I know this is an odd question, but do these fit into (and back out of) a piggy bank? Thanks in advance!
What kind of wood are these made out of?
could you saw/cut these in half without splintering or breaking?
just double checking, 1.5 in diameter according to the discription here is also 3 inches wide at the largest width point?
could you add vinyl to these?
Does unfinished mean unsanded? Are these smooth to the touch on surface and edges?
What is the thickness of the discs?
I just purchased this loom for my granddaughter. What accessories do you recommend (needles, thread, types of beads, etc) Thanks!
can you use Ricks Beading Loom if you want to make a mixed bead piece and have it come out even?? I like to combine 8/0, 11/0 and 4 mm...will the ends come out even?? thanks,, MM
How long of a project can you make on this loom? Seems like winding the warp around the rods limits the length to where you adjust the rods?
I am thinking of this for my 12 year old daughter. She is bright and has mostly worked with wire metal type jewelry, earrings bracelets necklaces ect... She did not want another plastic 'little kids' beading loom. Is this loom sophisticated enough to...
Anyone knows if the loom can be used for making traditional Ukrainian beaded 'herdans', belts and decorative pieces longer than 12'' ? Thanks!
is this a good beginner's loom for a 11 year old?
How small a project can you do? I have an amulet purse kit that is no longer than 3 1/2" on the loom. Thank you
Can you use fibers with beads for tapestry weaving with this loom? I love the Mirrix bead and tapestry loom but not the price.
Do you have to know the exact size of a project in order to use this loom? I never know the size of my project till its done so wasn't sure if this would work or not.
Does this set up to use size 11 delica or other such beads?
I need a 220 volts machine. Does it have to sell? Is it possible to use an adaptor?
If you replace the cutter with a pen will it sketch instead of cut? I'm trying to decide between the Janome Artistic pack package or the Tool bundle.
Is the a way to see the images of the 51 designs that come with it?
Can it use any picture , pattern or design from the computer file you already have as well as just using the fonts from the computer?
Can you import jpg or png images into the silhoutte software?
Does this 'bundle' include the software that allows you to import svg files?
Will the Silhouette Cameo operate on 220v AC?
can the Silhouette Cameo take single sheets of media or only rolls?
can the Silhouette Cameo take single sheets of media or only rolls?
can the Silhouette be used to cut Mylar stencils effectively
Could someone give me estimation of how long does it usually take to ship to Dallas, Texas?
Is the fur pure white or rather a greyish look as on the photo?
I'm considering ordering this for recovering cushions on my wicker furniture chairs and love seat. Both backs and seats. Would this material work?
is it machine washable?
how long is the fur? I need something with medium to relatively long fur not short hairs.
I need 2 continuous yards. If i order 2 yards, will i get 2 pieces that are 1 yard long? or will i get 1 continuous piece that is 2 yards long
I need to dye a fur for a custom costume project, and need to know what kind of fiber the fur is. Is it a polyester, acrylic or something else?
Would this be the suitable fur for the trim around a Santa Claus suit?
is it 60" then one yard 60" x 36"
if i want to order double the size and have it come in one piece do i put quantity of two???
Will this set work with the airbrush system?
when did this first appear?
Are the limited edition copics easy to find refills or are they harder to find refills for?
Is it worth it for someone who already has all 358 sketch markers? I'm tempted to buy this because of the limited edition status, also the black body is gorgeous.
Can you ship to Egypt? if yes then pls modify this in the description so i can add it to cart
What's the difference between this and the other regular 36 sketch copic set? I know it comes with a different chisel tip but is the brush the same
Does it have a chisel tip that will apply a fine line of ink?
When it comes time to refill, will I have to exchange out a nib to a chisel tip and refill that way?
are these refillable and nib-exhangeable like other copic markers?
What's the difference between this and the other regular 36 sketch copic set? I know it comes with a different chisel tip but is the brush the same
this is an electric machine isn't just want to make sure
What kind of bobbin does this machine take and is the S curved bolt to attache it to my sewing cabinet included? Are the attachments snap on or held by a screw?
I need a pedal replacement. Where to buy please?
Will this fit an old cabinet with an opening of 16 5/8" x 7 1/8" with hinge spacing of 9 3/4" c to c? Do you have this in stock? Gabe
can you vary stitch length and width
Does this machine have a free arm to sew sleeve openings?
Can I do a cover stitch with one sewing that will serge the end and show 2 rolls of stitches on the right side with this machine?
Will this sew through multiple thick layers, such as 2 cotton and 2 flannel, for making diapers and diaper inserts?
Just received my serger and as I took it out of the box I noticed a very strong chemical smell. Has anyone else had this happen?
Does this machine hold up to sewing heavy fabrics-canvas and upholstery- a lot?
Does the serger come pre-threaded with 4 spools of thread? If so, what color are the threads?
Is it easy to control sewing speed? Is it easy to sew slowly with this model?
No experience, will this cut and sew denim with ease? How sturdy is the blade, seems some are having issues on other sites?
Will this machine gather and ruffle. Do I have to buy additional attachments. I have never owned a serger and trying to decide which brand to buy
Does this have a sewing light?
I'm looking to do dense designs on t-shirt knits, cotton-spandex blends. Does this support stitches with making the shirt bulletproof stiff?thanks!
will this work with the 6x10 hoops?
is it sticky on the back or do you have to have some of that temporary spray adhesive?
Do you use a spray adhesive with this stabilizer, or can it be used without?
What can I use this on?
Is this water soulable?
what do you use this for?
Is this fusible cut away?
How many stitches will a single layer of the stabalizer support?
alot of reviews are saying that they do not dispense the soap.. is there a reason for this???
What is the diameter of the bottle mouth that these pumps fit? Thanks!
I ordered these, but the tubes are about 1/2 the size as depicted. Is there any way to buy additional tubing?
1) Is the cap threaded? 2) Do the dispensers move to a locked position if you give them a 1/4 turn?
Does anyone know if they're made from food grade plastic? ...I want to use them for condiments. Perhaps there is a recycle number? ...or "BPA-free"?
How can a name tag be created for this hoop.
can 6/0 beads fit on these hoops? can 5mm beads fit on these hoops? a quick response is appreciated. thanks!
what is the diameter of the hoops ?
It sounds like they might too thin for wine charms!? Does anyone know to package a set of 6 to sell at a craft fair? Thanks!
Do you ship to Toronto, Canada? When I try to check out, it says my shipping address isn't valid.
What are the 8 feet that come with this machine?
does this serger have a presser foot lift for thicker fabrics ?
I am new to serging and would like to know what are the capabilties with the included 8 piece foot kit?
My daughter is looking for a serger; she is new to sewing and trying to decide between the MO-654 and the MO-734. Has anyone compared or found comparisons on which woudl be better? comparisons on the 2 models; both are 234 thread. Any assistance is...
whats a guide bar? under standard accessories
This machine &amp; package sounds great, I'm almost convinced, but as my first serger I am concerned about the threading over an air jet system. My eyesight &amp; patience are not what they used to be, realistically, how difficult is this machine to thread ?...
What color is the thread that comes with the bonus package? Are all 8 spools white? I can't quite tell from the picture or description. Thank you :-)
How will this machine handle canvas for tote bags and denim?
does this have an automatic needle threader
How are the loopers threaded?
Can this material be cut with a Cricut machine?
anyone used a t-shirt and washed extensively? I have heard that the transfer will not hold up well.with use and washing...
What are the actual colors in the pack?
I had a difficult time with this product. I really want to wash what I applied it to but am afraid! Any recommendations? How long should I wait? Ug
Has anyone tried using this with a heat press? If so what temp and how long did you press it?
Are iron-on instructions included with the product?
Could you cut designs in this vinyl using an Xacto?
What are the 10 colors in the pack
Does it work for drop-in bobbins? It's unclear if the trouble is only with vertical machines.
Can these be used with sewing machines that do not have removable bobbin cases? My machines have bobbins that just drop into the base - no case.
will these work in an older machine? I have a Bernina 930. I hope so as I have just ordered a pack. Should have ask first.
I just received mine and the package says for home machines with snap in bobbins. Are you sure these work with drop in bobbins like on a viking
Do these work for all bobbin sizes? I have a Brother machine and use a 7/16" bobbin.
So to be clear- those of you with drop in bobbins put the bobbin genie in and then the bobbin? Or do you put the bobbin in with the genie on top?
Do these work for front loading bobbins?
Is this good for a Phaff sewing machine?
Would this be a heavy duty serger that can go through upholstery fabric with welting?
Is this a 2 or 3 needle machine?
Does this serger do a cover stitch?
Serger Answer Guide is displayed in the picture; when you ordered this package did you recieve this book with your serger?
Does this machine do a cover stitch?
What are the specialty feet that come with this machine? How wide is the basic presser foot?
How do you you adjust the width of the 4-thread cover stitch? It seems very wide...
Does this machine have a free arm
Does it use 120V or 240 v
How does this machine handle heavy fabrics?
He works Syma S013?
Does this fit the s108g?
I am uesing cell and i-pod usb chargers is this chargeing to quick
Does this battery upgrade work for the Syma 800G also?
Does this fit in a S111g or s102g ?
does this battery work in the Syma s 36?
Are these feathers sterilized? If so, how?
Are the birds killed to get these feathers?
How big is the whole feather?
What is the average size of the eye and are they pretty consistent? ...Also is reads 10 per pack in the headline, but in the description it reads, 5...which is correct?
how many per pack?
will this machine be able to work in Africa "Uganda" because i want to get it to a charity.
Does this Singer One have the start/stop needle down position control for quilting and appliqu&eacute; ?
I've been looking for a case to cover this sewing machine, but nothing fits it's length of almost 24 inches long. Does this have a cover to fit it?
Can you get an even feed foot for this
what is the voltage on this machine please? Meaning is this particular one only for US and Canada use only (110V) or can it be used overseas? Any response will be helpful. Thank you.
What carrying case will this machine fit into?
does this machine have an even feed foot?
will this sewing machine work in australia @ 240v electricity?
what is the model number so I will know what accessories will work on the machine. Example: Will the singer serger/cutter attachment work on this machine and which one?
Can I get a presser foot that is for regular stitching only. The all purpose foot that came with it doesn't work well with a narrow
Will it fit my SINGER 7258?
this rolled hem is fit the singer 5532 heavy duty machine?
Will this fit a Singer SLant Neddle machine?
Does it fit Toyota RS2000 series Sewing Machines?
I have a Singer high shank snap on adapter - will this work here?
Will it fit a Brother CS-6000i?
willtheyfitmodel2263singer
The text says Add Strikingly Large and Beautiful Rolled Hems ... 4/8", 6/8" and 8/8" Rolled Hem Foot." Does that mean 1/2-inch, 3/4-inch and 1-inch?
will they work with a Husqvarna Viking Opal series machine?
can it be used with a standard dimmer
Is this the Orgel style lamp?
What size bulbs does this lamp use? And can I use LED or cfl bulbs? What is the highest wattage I can use?
does it have a dimmer switch?
is it possible to use brighter bulbs in this lamp? most of the reviews give a "mood-lighting" feel to it.
How do you turn it on and off, does it have a floor/foot switch?
What is the exact height of this lamp?
what does carbonized mean?
Has anyone found a way to get the smell out of these?
I've only been using my hook for about a week and the tube is cracking at the join. Anyone else having this problem? Any recommended fixes?
What sizes does this set include?
How do the needles work with the end secure? How do you remove the cord after each row?
How many pieces of cotton fabric will the S fabric blade cut at once?
Please give me some ideas as to what I could do with cut fabric from this tool. Thanks.
What different types of fabric does it cut?
Does this blade cut flannel.
Can you put this blade in any cricket machine? Is this is what for?
Do you have to use the Silhouette interfacing with this?
I am going back and forth between the Cameo and the Portrait. Can the different blades be used on both machines?
does it cut felt , organza and other different fabric or only thin fabric ?
Will it cut ultrasuede?
Can I use this blade with my silhouette portrait ?
Will this stick to cloth such as the cloth used in making pants for a suit? I want to wrap a large flat plastic piece of electronics tightly in cloth.
i want to put this product on cardstock and then cut out shapes on a silhouette portrait. will the machine cut through two layers?
This is a question to the people who have used this in their Silhouette machine. Do you have trouble getting the backing off the cutting mat?
If I don't remove any of the protective paper, can I use this paper in a regular printer and then cut it? I don't have the Silhouette printer yet
Does this product truly have TWO sticky sides? What is the secret? I can only find one sticky side.
I have embroidery some fabric to personalize a clock face. I want to attach the fabric over a clocks paper covered face. Will this work?
I want to laminate something that's not a bumper sticker, and use this to stick it to the window, will this work?
w&igrave;&#x13A;l this stick to brick
Can you use a regular paper punch on this paper? The kind of punch used with card stock ... maybe punches that are heart shaped, snowflakes, flowers, leaves, etc.? Thanks!
I need to fix the shoe's heel inserts so they don't slip around while walking. Is this good (strong enough and apply to any surface) for that?
It says on the packaging that it works with Mac. How do I get it to work then?
Can not get it to install on Windows 7
What is the smallest diameter circular hole I can insert the end of your scope into and be assured of pulling it back out of w/o it binding?
Does this have to be plugged in in order to work? So only can use it near a computer?
What colors are included in the set?
Can these be used for glass painting and baked
to paint on a dish towel, do I need to add a medium to the paint? I want to put the grandkids' handprints/name and be able to wash and use them
Can you use the paints on wood?
what is your method of shipping for this item?
I want to use these paints to paint on glass then bake in a low temp oven say 275 for 25-30 min. Can I use it. Do I need to use a medium too? Ty
Can this paint be used on air dry clay?
Is there a silver and gold color?
can I paint plastic?
What size is each tube...in other words, what is the contents measurement for an individual tube?
I misplaced my battery charger. Can anyone tell me what is the voltage output and polarity of the charger? That is, DC Volts, mA and center pos/neg?
Can these be used to cut up a raw chicken
Has anyone tried using it to cut foam board?
Can this scissors cut 10 layers of cotton at a time?
How well do these cut thru standard corrugated cardboard?
When the blades get dull, can you sharpen them, or purchase replacements?
Are they sold individually or by the pair?
Is this a pair of zippers?
My boots have 8 eyelets. Will these work or will I need a pair with 7 eyelets? My husband has some similar with 11 eyelets &amp; his boots have 12 eyelets
I want to get a pair of these and have them modified to side zip on my boots. Is it good enough quality to have a Taylor modify them?
What is the length and with of this product?
does anyone know if they work with bates lites and if so how well ?
how many sets of laces will i need to lace these into my boots?
What is the spacing of the holes?
Does anybody know who makes this product?
who makes them?
How many sheets are included and what size?
How do you tell which side is the sticker and what side is the backing? Any easy way?
Is this repositionable, like the more expensive "Project Sticker Paper" listed by avery? would it work as a type of "resist" for crafts?
is it waterproof? it can use in outside?
Can you use this in a regular ink jet printer?
will these stick to laptops?
Is this sticker paper very thick? Does it print easily? I have an Epson photo printer.
HI there! Is this a glossy sticker paper?
Is there a recommended transfer paper for paper stickers? My guess is that the transfer paper meant for vinyl stickers would tear this paper
Is this sticker paper acid free?
In a tutorial on these comments it seems they use a fancy printer, but I just have a regular hp inkjet. Is it possible for me to get the cutouts?
Is this paper appropriate for use with a Cuttlebug die cutting machine? (Manual, not digital). Thanks!
It says printable. What kind of printer must you use?
I need to cut out large letters to stick on a party banner (plastic like material). Will this work?
Can I just cut these with the Silhouette without printing? I'd like to just cut shapes out of it to use as stickers!
Is anyone else having a problem with the thin film on top peeling off? Should I peel it off before printing, or is that film what makes it printable?
Is this paper thick at all? Or is it thinner?
I want to use this with my Cricut to make flowers. Will this type of paper hold up for this type of project? Also, what is the texture like?
I need To know if i can use This Gold foil sheets in cricut explore machine To Make die cut shapes?
can i use it on a laser jet printer
How many in a ackage?
About how much weight can they hold?
what adhesive do you use?
what is the size?
Will they glue easily to shell pieces that have been smoothed by ocean and sand?
What blade do you use to cut this?
I am looking for simple adhesive magnet to cut and adhere to photos to hang on my fridge. Would this work?
What printer do you use to print on this? My printer can't handle media this thick. Suggestions for a small printer with a straight paper path?
Would this product work to store my die cuts for my Sizzix Machine?
Can you write on the magnet paper with a sharpie?
can i cut this with regular scissors or do i need a silhouette machine?
Will these sheets stick to each other? Example: I want to make a magnetic paper doll and magnetic clothing that will stick to the doll.
My wife is 7 1/2 mo pregnant, awaiting order to arrive. Does the machine print pics on magnet paper then you place on magnet?
What is the thickness of the magnet?
would this magnet stick to a car?
Can this glitter be baked, as in polymer clay? What's it made of?
Is this non-toxic? Lead free?
How fine is this glitter? I am looking for a glitter I can use to make bath bombs but if it's too thick it will damage the skin while soaking.
I want to use this for nail art, does it have LOTS of sparkle/bling when compared to regular glitter?
Do these have shaker tops with holes?
Can you use this on nails
how many ounces of each color do you receive?
What are they made of?
Do these rings hold well without soldering? Want to use on a mothers pin for charms.
How many jump rings? 1780?
its pretty big then?can you sculpt a head free hand with this?will it harden if left out or will it stay soft?is it the brown shade
can you use this right out of the package?can you start sculpting right when you take this out of the tub?
Does anyone have experience with the Prima Plastilina clay? Wondering how the two compare in working/holding details for casting? Thanks!!
How hard does this dry? I want to mold templates out of it and use it as a guide for routing out wooden objects.
are there any particulates in Monster Clay
I'd like an idea of the volume of 5 lbs of this clay. Where I live, I have to order this without seeing beforehand. How much do you get?
can liquid plastic resin be used iin this clay mold for toys?
What all sorts of molding materials are safe to use when casting from this clay (without damaging it)?
what is the heated working temperature of this clay. can it be heated enough to 'pour" into a mold?
Is there enough clay to make two life-size face masks?
What are the brush sizes? The largest flat one especially I would like to know. No shedding? Would you buy them again?
Which brushes are these?
Which sets of brushes are for Acrylics, as opposed to watercolor?
do they have terry harrison's name on the handles? would like to see a pic of the handles.
Does the Golden Leaf brush (largest) have a long handle, such as the one on Terry's website, or does it have a short handle, such as the one above?
Which ones of Terry Harrison's specialist brushes are included in this set?
brust sizes
Does this tip easily? I have twins and wonder if it will be sturdy enought with one on each side?
Does it hold all magnets? Or just the foam ones
Does this fold up?
Did anyone else have trouble hammering the whiteboard to the base? Ours will not go in, wondering if it is defective.
does it come in the original box?
At what height does the writing surface start? I have a very tiny two year old.
The description says that this design folds up for compact storage. How easy is it to fold up and set back up?
What markers and chalk is best used for this? brand name please, so I can order also..thanks :)
Does this come with 2 paper clips or one. If there is only one can it be moved from side to side.
At what age would a typical child outgrow this, since it isn't height adjustable?
are these SA156 the same as size A156? I am a bit ignorant on how to read the sizes. I have a Brother PE 770. Thank you
Do these work well with Brother PE 500?
What weight of thread are these. i need 90wt.
What kind and weight of thread is used on these bobbins?
What weight are these bobbins
What sizes are included in the 8 piece set?
what are the sizes in this set?
what are the exact sizes in the set?
What sizes are these hooks?
What is the fiber composition?
how much do you get per 27.00? like a yard, or 2 yards, 20 yards???
How many inches does the fur stick off the fabric?
I'm not a professional seamstress, so I don't understand the terminology "toddler size 5C". Is this suitable for my 15 mth old?
What is the height of the form WITH the pole and base?
Is this pinnable?
How tall are these pieces?
Are these branches 100% natural? Would they be considered aquarium safe?
can these branches be hung on the wall
What's the size of the packaging for these?
I need these no later than July 24. Is that possible?
Do you have any branches that are 3 to 4 feet tall and similarly 2 + feet wide?
Can I buy only one or do they have to be boought as a 2 pack?
Do you have any Manzanita branches that are at least 48" in height?
Does the two pack mean that there are two centerpieces? Or 2 branches combined together. I need to make two trees.
are the trees preserved and if not how long will they last before they begin to rot
Does this have a free arm?
Are you able to pick a pattern to quilt a top-stitch on a quilt? And does this machine accept a feed such as USB or memory card for additional designs to quilt or embroider? Thank you!
How many stitches does this machine have, and does it have fonts?
I want to know about does it do button holes... and attach buttons??
What is the largest sized quilt I could quilt on this machine, assuming it was already pieced together?
If one buys this from SewingMachinesPlus but through amazon do you still get the free 5 year extended warranty that Sewing macine Plus advertises?
is there a janome 6500 book
does this machine have a foot petal in addition to the start stop button?
Is there another Janome comparable to the 6300/6500P in features and price that has a free arm?
I have and love the Janome MC6300P--is this the same machine only with more stitches? Are there any other major differences?
is the background clear
which side do you put down on the garment to be printed?
The directions say to put the design side up but I don't see how the letters will transfer with the plastic side down.When I iron am I ironing on the textured side or the plastic side?
Will white letters print?
washing?
Do I need to purchase a calibration weight with the scale?
How do you calibrate these scales?
How do you switch to the 0.1g * 500g mode?
Will this cut contact paper?
i want to punch out photos. will i be able to see the photo that i am punching to make sure it is centered?
do you think this could cut through craft felt?
How far will I be able to go from the edge to punch the circle. I need to go from the edge in about 1-2 inches. Will this work?
Will this cut a half circle like the end of a movie ticket?
Looking for a hole punch for bottle cap and magnet crafts will this be too big?
Can this punch cut through sheets of craft foam?
Will this cut card stock paper? I need to make about 500 hole punches so I'm not sure if it will last.
Will this cut vinyl self adhesive sheets for DIY labels/Stickers?
Would this work with parchment paper?
would this be a good size to make canning jar labels (lid) or should I get bigger?
Would this work with parchment paper?
Will this punch a single laminated sheet of copy paper?
Has anyone tried this with 110 lb paper? Does it cut well?
How many sheets of card stock paper could you do at a time?
Will this cut circles in thin foam material? Like bra cup material.
do you think this tool could cut fabric or wool felt?
Is it sharp enough to punch plastic wrap without tearing?
Can you use this to cut wool for Penny Rugs ?
Can you see what you are punch out before you punch it? If I'm punching an image I would need to see if I'm over it correctly
Do you think it would cut through felt?
When they say 1/2" circle -- they mean the diameter, right?
This says it cuts a scalloped circle but it shows a smooth one. Which is correct?
How far in does the punch reach? (Meaning what is the space between the paper edge and the edge of the punch.)
the name, picture, &amp; descriptions don't match. is this a circle punch, scalloped circle punch, or scalloped square punch?
Is this a circle or scalloped circle punch?
What do you mean by scalloped edge?
Can it go through foam sheets? The craft foam, that is.
Would this make a half circle notch on the side of a gift box? Making small gift boxes out of greeting cards &amp; the top needs a notch on the side.
Can you see precisely where the punch will go?
How thick a layer could this go through? could it go through craft felt?
How far in can you make the hole? Will it reach to the center of a piece of paper, about 4 inches?
Will this punch work with 1/8" foam tape?
Will this cut holes in sandpaper?
Will it punch through a folded over sheet of poster board? (both sheets at the same time?)
Can these punch centrally into a 2" x 2" square, without being skewed to one side?
Can you see what you are punching out from above? I need to be able to punch 24 circles out of a sheet - they are logo's.
Do I have to buy another tool to go with this or is this the only item I need to get the punched hole?
Will this punch shrinks dinks? I have to cut 500 circles, and my fiskars punch went kaput after 75...
can this cut craft foam?
How far from the edge of the page can I get in on the 1.5" punch?
Im looking for a machine that I can use for quilting. Is this what I want?
How does the warranty work, do you just take it to an authorized repair place
Is the 5 year extended warranty free?
does it have adjustable presser foot pressure and adjustable needle positions?
I like to quilt and would like to know what the throat size is. Also, does this machine have a free arm for sewing clothing?
How does this machine perform on the various fabric types: knit, sheer and heavy??
Does it come with Janome original factory warranty?
does this machine have an automatic thread cutter
The description says it has a memory of up to 50 patterns. Does that mean for embroidery?
How big is the throat space on this machine? Messured from needle to right side casing and from opening top to bottom.
Does this machine come with the factory warranty?
Does this machine have the scissor/trim feature?
Does this machine come with an accessory kit-- different kinds presser foot, basic cleaning tools etc.
How do you punch these feathers out of paper? Do you need to buy something else?
Can anyone give me the dimensions of the largest feather?
is it compatible with the Cricut?
Will these cut out on felt?
What are the sizes of the various feathers? I am looking for one about 2.5" long.
Can you tell me how the button hole works. Is it a setting and it just makes the button hole automatically, or do you have to set it to do each step?
what is the warranty on the Janome 7318 machine
how much does it weigh?
Is there a stitch width adjustment?
Does the base have a part that comes off to expose a free arm?
Are there on-line classes to get started with the Janome machine? I have a 40 year old machine, so I feel clueless.
Does this machine come with the foot pad?
Does this machine have a flat bed or is there a slope to it?
does this machine sew letters
Is it made mostly of plastic?
where is this machine made?
What makes this machine heavy duty? Does it have metal parts and frame? What is the motor size and how does that relate to "heavy duty" ?
Can you use a double pointed needle in this machine? Also, I read something that insinuated that the stitch width isn't adjustable...is that right?
Does this machine accept low shank feet
Is the power supply universal? i.e. Is it 110 - 220v 60hz/50hz
Just got a Janome HD3000. It seems awfully noisy. Is this normal? It sews great, just loud.
what are the accessories that come with the HD 3000?
The Janome site states that the HD3000 comes with the hard case cover. Does this seller include it for the 349.00 price as others do?
I just ordered this sewing machine .... I am waiting for it to ship and deliver.... Can anyone tell me if I will LOVE this machine
how many are in a pack ?
What length and diameter are these dowels?
how long are the dowels?
How thick are the dog tags?
Will these blanks work in an Addressograph Military machine?
Will these work with an Addressograph Military?20304DD5114 Blanks
where can i purchase the plain stampable aluminum dog tags from your shop?
hi...do you carry any blank military size dog tags in plain aluminum like the s.s. ones above?
are these stamp able?
can it go through ink jet printer? i am interested in image-transfer using hand sanitizer. would this product work for this process?
can I print edible ink with Canon inkjet printer onto this sheet in order to get a chocolate transfer sheet?
does the number, .003 &amp; .005 Dura Lar, relate to the thickness if the acetate and if so which one is thinner?
How and where do I melt the wax if not in the pitcher, on a stovetop. New to this
Has anyone used this pitcher on a hot plate to melt candle wax? CandleScience mentions in tutorials that you can use a hot plate instead of a double boiler, but doesn't go into detail. What kind have you used? What heat setting?
thought about using glass pyrex but read that cleanup is tricky because the wax hardens so quickly. What is cleanup like with this?
Has anyone else experienced the outside finish melting off? Is this normal?
Can I use this pitcher in the oven at 170 degrees or will the plastic melt?
Hi! Can I use this pitcher directly on the stovetop?
can you clean the pitcher with soap and water?
Planning on making soy candles, can i melt the wax in the pitcher directly on the burner on low heat? or do i need to place it in another pot w/ water
Can you use these tins again and again (for making candles)?
Are these tins food safe?
+1 how many ounces is this candle tin?
Is this made of steel? Is tin coatd only on the outside or everywhere?
Are these safe to use for lotions/body butters?
What size wick would you use for these? I was thinking about a 2 inch cotton braided wick...would that work well in these for beeswax candles?
If i want to stick a label on the side, what size should i get?
What are the dimensions of this product?
is the tin magnetic?
How many oz does this tin hold? Thank you.
Please could you tell me if they are wide or regular mouth? many thanks
Does 12 pc. mean 12 jars? OR 6 jars + 6 lids = 12 pc.?
What are the measurements?
You say these can be used for canning. So that means they will safely seal when processed in a water bath, right?
Can these be used for gel candle making?
Can these be mixed with parafin oil and used in an oil candle/lamp?
How much of the fragrance do you use for each candle? How much would you use for 1 lb of wax?
can these be used for soap making?
Is love spell similar to the victoria's secret scent?
I know it's four bottles, but how many total ounces are in this set?
Do thse oils work with a lamp that is intended to heat up the oil that is on a plate above the bulb to produce a fragrance? I'm buying for my wife
can i use these on ceramic oil burners?
Can you use these in soap and/or lotion making?
Can I use these with non-soy wax?
Is this wax suitable for massage candles?
I know the companies name is candle science but what brand of soy wax is this? Goldens brands or Eco soya etc...etc. I have had mixed results with var
Is this type of wax GB464 FROST
Which brand of soy wax is this?
Can anyone tell me approximately how many candles this makes? Or how big 1 lb of wax is, melted. (What size jar/glass). Thank you!
Are the bottles of fragrance sold separately?
If I missed it, I apologize, but how many pounds of wax is in the box?
Will you ship to Mumbai, India? If so, may I know the shipping rate please?
what is cureing time before you can burn
Hi can any one please tell me if this soy wax is a good scent thrower. I purchased another brand it there was no scent?
what size are these? how wide inside, how tall with lid on?
Is this an actual 12 tin with 12 lid and what is their capacity?
can the CandleScience Large Candle Tin, 12 piece [8 oz.] be used for loose teas?
how easy is it to remove the varnish coating in the tin?
What size wick do you recommend for this container? Thank you for help!!
What kind of material are these tins made from?
What size labels would you use on the lid and the container, if you were to want to print something out for them? Thank you in advance.
are the lids included
Are these tins food safe (for storing spices)?
Anyone try these for lotion bars? How hard would it be to pop things out after it's set in the container?
If I poured water in it would it spill through?
Would these be safe for storing spices?
Would the coated varnish interior be a problem if I was using them to hold my encaustic paints on a heated palette of 225 degrees over several hours?
Could I use these tins for holding encaustic paints on a heated palette at 225 degrees?
safe to hold soy wax?
What are the dimensions of the top? Is it a flat surface? I'm trying to determine what size round label would fit the top! Thanks!
will this hold packaged tea bags? If so, about how many?
What size wicks are needed for these? I'm using soy wax. Thank you.
Are these safe for storing food such as tea?
Is this soy wax organic?
Is this a one pour wax?
How many 8 oz candles does each bag make?
Is this soy wax GMO free?
Is it scented?
Is it safe to use in lap balms?
Which wax is this specifically? They have different pour temps and different max FO amounts so I need to know.
What is the difference between the medium and large wicks? I am tring to find wicks that burn correctly for my pint mason jars. TIA!
Sometimes the wick burns out. Why is this? I have to keep scooping out wax &amp; relighting wick. This happens approx. 1out of 4 candles.
LENGTH OF WICK?
Are these prewaxed?
Hi! I wanted to know if these wicks will do well in 8oz jar?
Been looking for a a few days into making soy candles in small mason jars the wick issue (and which one to buy) is driving me nuts, you know?
Is this smokeless wick?
What is the O D of these "large" wicks ?
How long are these?
how many wicks come in pack
How much wax will 35 pieces color, assuming its 5 chips each of 7 colors? Are they REALLY concentrated colors?
How much wax should I use for one chip?
I want to dye paraffin wax only. Will it work on any type of wax?
Can I use these in a blended wax?
Are these chips made of soy wax or paraffin?
Does this work for beeswax?
What colors are they?
Can you please mention the 7 colors ?
Are these dyes appropriate for cosmetic products such as lotion?
this page shows a newer version of this same trimmer. Can anyone tell me what the changes might be? They both have the same model number?
How would you make a 5 3/4" cut if it skips for the fold of the trimmer?
HOW WIDE A PAPER DOES IT CUT?
I am concerned because the trimmer makes a grinding noise when the blade is pulled toward you. Will that grinding damage the blade or trimmer?
I'm unsure if the height will fit my drawer where I would like to store it. Can anyone tell me what the total height of the trimmer (folded) is?
Does anyone use this to cut fabric?
What is the sheet capacity?
Hi - does this unit use the standard 45mm cutter blades? Also does it have replaceable sticks under the blade which become worn in time?
Have you ever tried tissue or napkins on it? I bought a much cheaper one and after 2 weeks the material is sticking to the board.
I have read in other forums that if you are cutting UP (pushing the blade away from you) it causes slightly ragged edges. Is this true?
MATFER LM25-This machine covers cakes and pies with warm mix of chocolate and cocoa of oil. I need the same machine. What it is better to take?
Will use this machine spray Krebs LM 25 for chocolate (chocolate velor)? Thanks
What includes in the package? Do I need to buy a container separately?
Will this sprayer be good for spraying oil on bread for paninis? I need to apply a very small amount of oil on several slices of bread; will it work..
Will this machine spray icing on cookies
How can i put the note that i want to get 220V? There are no place for it. Please advise
Can I order the LM 25 in 220v?
How hot can the liquid inside get before it starts to affect the sprayer?
what 's the spray voltage 220 or 110?
Please confirm the items in the box. Is there a round nozzle? R4, R6 or R8?
Is it adjustable?
Is it adjustable?
Is the height adjustable?
Is there a replacement fabric cover available for this mannequin?
Is the body of the dress form adjustable?
Also would it be easy to but a whole piece swimsuit on the dress form given the stand being placed where it is?
Can you unbend the arms so that they are perfectly straight. And can you pin straight through the dress form easily or do you have to angle the pins?
Can the dress form display pants?
Do you combine the shipping?
What are the exact measurements of the insert?
Do you have an insert to fit a Janome Horizon?
I have an Olivia and would like an insert for a Viking Saphire 830. Would that machine fit!?
Can an insert be made for the Gidget I table?
I am interested in an insert for a Juki 2010 WITH a KNEE LIFT--can you make one so it doesn't interfere with the knee lift on a Gidget2?e
do you make an insert for a Berninia 75QE sewing machine. I have a Bertha sewing cabinet.
I have a Brother Novelle 1500 S machine that I have in the Gidget II that I just bought, can an insert be made even though there is no accessory kit .
I have a Janome MC9700 and thinking about purchasing the Kangaroo K8685 sewing cabinet. Can this combination be made?
I just ordered a Bertha #98707 and a new Singer #9960 Quantum Stylist. Will one of these inserts fit in with Bertha and my new Singer?
If I ran out of ink, can I roll the stamp over a regular black ink pad and use it? Will it work?
Is it really only a half-inch wide? The pictures look like it covers at least an inch with one swipe! Kinda misleading?
Do you sell the 1/2 inch refill for this?
What is the difference, besides price, between the green (9.99), pink (13.50) and white (18.92)?
can you refill the ink
What's the difference between the regular one and the "advanced"?
How many in package
Looking at the refill parts for this. There is inkjet film and reverse film, do you need both? Embossing packs and image packs?
What comes in the kit?
What are the dimensions/ size of the compartment of the UV light machine, that you place the image for exposure?
where do you find the free art from teresa collins for these machines. Could not find it on her website
Where do you buy refill pacs?how expensive?
What's the voltage on this one?
what are the optimum times for stamp making please? On my 1st attempt, i got a fuzzy crown image even though i was very exact &amp; read the instructions twice - (6 secs and 100 secs as paper instructions say). don't want to waste too much money practising!
what size throat does it have and does it have a drop in bobbin?
What does this machine come with? I just ordered- wondering If I need extras. Metal or plastic bobbins and which kind?
Does the machine have an all metal or plastic body construction?
can i use the presser feet from my industrial juki machine? what are the differences between the this, Juki HZL-G110 Computerized, JUKI HZL-F300 Sew?
Does this machine have a low shank? I would hate to have to invest in all new presser feet as I've got quite a big collection already.
what is the warranty?
Is the Juki HZL K85 take low shaft or high shaft presser feet?
How does it do on lightweight fabrics?
How high can the presser foot go for thicker fabrics like denim or canvas hemming?
Does this Juki model have a free motion foot?
Is it fairly easy to control the speed of the wheel? I was considering buying one to make frosting round cakes easier.
Does the foot pedal allow you to (finely) vary the rotation speed, or is it just on/off?
Can someone please let me know the specs for associated power supply?
What is the age range for this?
Does this set come with clay?
Does this come with the attachment that shapes the pot as you turn?
do you bake the pottery in the oven or does it dry on its own?
Does it come with clay and if it does what is the best place to get more clay?
For those who have bought this product and used it enough to need replacement clay, what have you used? I have checked DiscoveryKids with no luck
Where do you purchase an AC adapter?
Will these work with the Brother PE-770?
Does it work with the brother SE425?
Does it fit SE270D
what sizes are the hoops please?
would it work on a plastic pillbox? would it be toxic? I'd use it on the OUTSIDE of the pill box
Can I use this on a wood (Ikea) table?
wondering if this would work on a patio umbrella that " used " to be orange and has faded from the sun.
will this product work well on rose gold over sterling silver jewelry?
can you spray this on plastic?
Does it hold up in the wash on fabric?
I am new at this why would I want all white bobbin thread?
Will they work on Brother Quattro 6000D?
Can they be reused and rewound?
what size do I need for my brother duetta 4500d I thought I used the L?? Long time since I bought
I was told the bobbin thread shouldn't have a shine, do these have a shine?
Do they work for all Brother embroidery machines
Will these work for my Brother PR 650 embroidery machine??
Will these work for the Brother DZ820E?
Does any one know if these come wound with the Brother #90 Bobbin thread
Brother pe500 manual calls for 90 weight bobbin thread but I cannot find #90 prewounds. Have you used these w/your PE-500 &amp; how do they work?
Does this hanger have the magnet or the plastic clip to secure the quilt to the rod?
How is this different from simply using an expandable curtain rod through the sleeve and hooking it over a nail in the wall?
How does it work?
Is the quilt stable once it is hung up? i.e. if you bump into the quilt is it going to shift or swing since it is hung from only one center nail?
How much weight will it hold?
How it works?
do i need a quilt sleeve?
what is the quilt pocket?
Will this kit fit either of these: [1] singer heavy duty 4423 &amp; [2] singer classic 44s, thanks?
Is this a genuine Singer kit made by Singer?
Will this fit my Singer Quantum XL-6000?
Do these work on Singer One model?
Will this fit a 3232 model?
Will this set fit Singer Model 9410G?
does this fir a white 979
I have a Singer 7422; the general purpose foot snaps into place. Does anyone know if this kit will work with my machine?
Do these work on singer overlock 14SH754?
Will this fit singer 2818?
Is the logo on both sides of the box or just one side?
Do these come in pink?
I like the 'about to pop" boxes. instead of pink can you do purple?
are the paints water-based?
why no wooden frame???????
how do u get the wrinkles out if the canvas
Do they combine shipping if you order several units?
If I order 1 unit, will I receive a piece that is 1 yard in length x 60" (36x60)? Or will it be 1 square yard, 60"x21.6".
If I buy three, does that mean I'll get three yards all attached? I don't want to sew a whole bunch of pieces together.
I want to make a Harry Potter robe for my granddaughter. Would this have some drape that would work for a robe?
What is the weight of the fleece ? i.e. is it 100,200 or 300 wt ? also what is the wieght of one yard X 60 " ?
Is this the type of fleece one would generally use to make one of the "tie" blankets that have become popular?
Is this fleece Anti-Pill and continues to look nice after repeated washing? Thanks~
Is the pattern on this fleece double-sided? As in you can't tell the front from the back?
is the fabric thick? I'm using it for my pet guinea pigs bedding
So if I order 3 units it will come to me as one whole piece that is 3 yards?
If we want 2 yards as once piece of fabric, do we just buy 2 units? I'm looking to make a blanket for someone to potentially be able to use at night
How wide is this fabric?
do you have to assemble it
Please tell me about the white maple wood. Is it a hard wood. Will there be drawing dents in it over time? Real wood can get marked up
I want to buy a stool to go with this table. What measurement for the stool should I look for?
Is the height of the table adjustable? If so, what is the range of adjustment?
In your photos it appears that the color is represented differently. I need to know which exact photo is correct to the color of the wood.
can the table lay flat also?
What are the exact measurements, I have a very small area need to know if the d is exactly 24" thanks
can the side trays be removed?
in addition to painting/crafting, would I be able to use my laptop on this desk? or would it not be able to support the weight, or leave me much room?
Can you pull thiis up to a livingroom chair where the feet go up and use it for a laptop
are these see-through sheets?
Are these sheets super smooth with a tight weave, or do they have a rougher texture? Thanks!
Are all 5 of these 16 x 20
Hi- are these 5 mil thick?
can i use in the oven to line a cookie sheet
how do you apply these to a heat press?
Can you list the mil thickness for these sheets please?
can I use these under a HOT iron? will they maintain shape and not waffle?
can I use these under a sewing foot for quilting
Do you see the hooks to attache the teflon to the top platen?
Can these be cut in half and used for silk flower pomander balls?
Can these balls be soaked in water and used for fresh flowers or just fake ones?
Just to be clear before purchase, This includes 6 of the 8 inch balls for $36.00 right?
Are these balls 8" in diameter or 8" across?
Is it sturdy enough to support regular size frosted cupcakes placed around the sides of the ball with toothpicks?
I am looking to purchase these and cut out a wedge section (picture a pac-man shape). Would this work with this product?
want to make ribbon balls.where you take a piece of ribbon...loop it and pin it...with straight pins.will the pins stay in place..stay pinned in? than
One of the reviews says it is actually a set of 6-inch balls instead of 8, is this true?
Will this work for 5X7 hoop?
Is this iron-on?
Is this iron-on?
I'm new to screen printing. Does this machine do multi-color designs or single color only?
What kind of printer and paper do you use to transfer and image?
Does it print pixel graphics?
Is there any kind of user manual that should come with it? My husband gave it to me for Christmas and there is nothing with it?
What is the warrenty on this product?
Is this a good quality one? Like, when you transfer, does it mess up after a few times in the washing machine?
the clamp won't lock when i try to use it ?
Will this press well if there is a collar on the press? truing to do kids shirts and having issues, not sure if it's too thick to press??
Can this press be used to flatten 3/32" wood that has slight cupping?
what t-shirt would be the best and thickess to print desgin with this press?
would i need a compressor for this to work?
Is the seal rubber or teflon?
Does the hose connect to a quarter inch male npt air valve?
What does warranty cover ? I've only had brush for a week and nozzle broke/
Can I get the larger size Needles for the Airbrush?
what is the difference between the Shinhan touch twin brush Set A and Set B
can you refill the pens like copics?
Are they alcohol or water based?
Are they alcohol or water based?
does the machine have variable speed controls?
Does it have a needle up, needle down function
can use with 220V?
What model of brother bobbins does it take?
Does this machine have multiple needle positions.
haveing problem with noise clicking check every thing can't find any thing the book don't tell me other then that its sew great
does it work in India with 220 v input
I saw it has 'free motion' capabilities does this machine also have right/left needle alignment settings?
does it have a drop feed. How much does it weigh and do al Brother feet fit this machine--1/4 quilter and stitch in a ditch. Does it have a cover ( I do not need one.?)
what makes it computerized?
And one last question, how much diluent do you need per 20 grms of pigment? thanks!
What liquid can we use to dilute the pigment, so when the temperature changes, the pigment on the sticker becomes completely transparent?
Since the thermo paint turns to clear, is it possible to have another paint underneath show through? If so, what paint would you recommend?
If I were to want to screenprint with this product what could I use to do so?
I was wondering if it were possible to use this pigment as a dye for fibers / thread for weaving or embroidering?
What is the most effective top coat in terms of UV protection? How many layers should be applied?
Will this cut simple clip art or images I scan into it using the scan feature? Or does it only support the images you must purchase from the Silhouette online store?
Does this require Microsoft word or office to operate the program?
Can I design my own labels?
Why does it mention $35 in gift cards but the card only shows $25.00 in the photos? There are other bundles that I've noticed say $25.00. Which is it?
I have an apple computer. Do I need a computer to make this work?
Can I import illustrator files into the software?
How many Fonts are on the mashine and how many can I use trough the Design Software?
I have Windows XP. Will that be an issue?
how to use?
Which is the best Silhouette to buy? And I have a Windows 7 Home Premium Edition, will my computer work with a Silhouette? Thanks
Is the dry erase board magnetic?
Is the board really only 4 inches high? In the description it says it is 4 x 20.
Can paper be clipped onto this easel? It the top pink part a clip?
Is this easel magnetic?
Does this bundle come with all that is show? Because it show 35 in download cards but the info say 25? If it only comes with 25 that is fales advert
Is this the digital silhouette cameo
Im intresting if this bundle includes ,Basic Instruction &amp; Set-Up Guide,Silhouette Studio&reg; Software for Windows XP/Vista/7 and Mac&reg; OS X 10.5.8 and higher,AC Adaptor and power cable (100~240VAC 1.2A input /24VDC 2.0A out),6 foot USB 2.0 cable,Warranty?
How much do Silhouette Cameo w/ $25 Download Card PLUS Bonus Scraper &amp; Pick Me Up Tool Shipping Weight? also, How dimension is it?
is the software compatible with MAC
Can the download cards be used to purchase software (like the Designer software or Connect), or only to purchase designs?
Does this bundle come with the Designer Edition software or the older version of design studio
Same question, how large is the roll? Rather critical factor to omit.
How many feet on a roll? How much tape is on each roll?
What size is the center core?
will it hold 5 lbs / in sq. at 115 deg. F.?
Will it work for Juki 8700H ?
Will these fit a Pfaff Serger 794.
is it fits for consew 7360R sewing machine? i mean a round head needle?
Would these work on a Brother Lock 546?
Does this come in plus size, like 1X?
Is this a one size fit? I am a size 8?
Do you guys think the metal hoop support heavier dresses... or will it collapse and let the fabric touch your legs? Thanks :)
what size is it
Is this a one size fits all slip? I don't see anywhere to select the size. Also, does it stretch at all, or protect against the itchy toole?
does this have to heat set and does the fabric have to be washed first
does it take a while to dry want to use for baby shower onesie decorating.
Does the packaging indicate if these are non-toxic/ safe for kids and skin?
Can these be used to make hand prints on tshirts?
I would like to stamp deep blue onto a light, off-white colored fabric (cotton), will the dark paint bleed onto the light colored fabric?
How well does the paint stand up to washing?
can the colors be mixed?
Is this paint soft enough to use for stamping bedsheets?
Can these dies be used in a cuttlebug machine and if so what is the sandwich recipe?
Hi there, Hope you would help me regarding these sets of Sizzix framelits. The items are: 6-pack framelits decorative no.3 and 5-pack Decorative no.2 both by Rachael Bright. I can't have a clean cut with these dies using Bigshot. When I used a "proper"...
can these framelits be used with the 3d sizzix pop up cards?
What size picture does the front cover frame hold? Thank you!
How many inserts does this album come with?
Is the color of the frame golden or silver? Thanks
does the album pages accommodate 8 x 10 photos?
are the pages all white
What kind of material is the front cover?
I would like a book that hold 60 or more pages. Will this book expand to hold that many pages?
how many pages does it hold
Is the color of the frame golden or silver? Thanks
How many photos can this album hold before adding additional refill pages?
ABOUT HOW MANY PIECES ARE IN A POUND?
About how many gems are in 1 lb?
Do you ship to Canada? If so, what are your rates?
Can this be used for a size 5 also?
Is the height adjustable for this?
What are the measurement around I will be using it for sewing?
What will the Cameo do that the Portrait will not do?
Will the software that comes with this print .ai files? Is there other software that will print out designs for this printer?
How does it match up with the print outs on my paper to accurately cut out what is printed? Or is that not something it can do?
Can you use 8 1/2" paper even if it only cuts 8" or would you need to trim your paper to 8"?
Does this product come with a blade and cutting mat?
What is the difference between the Silhouette Portrait and the Silhouette Cameo?
I want to make stencils for crafts to paint on wood - what type of clear firm plastic can I buy for it?
can i use it to cut my own designs with this machine ??
I can't seem to find any type of material that will cut stencils without tearing them up or not cutting through. I have tried to move the blade too.
What are the recommended system requirements? I just learned the hard way that the software will not run on a pre-Intel Mac.
what is the width at the bottom (bulb) part?
how many are in the bag?
What are these pins made of? I want to attach them to sterling silver jewelry that will be cleaned in water.
I need needles for my sewing machine Brother SE425. Will these work with my machine?
how many needles i get in one order as box shows 500 and in discription says 10 needle per pack
Are these the goldtone ones?
The package doesn't say ball point but the paperwork does. Should the packaging say ball point Just wondering if they sent the right ones.
Will these work on a Brother PE770 embroidery machine?
What needle size should I use on jersey, or stretchy material?
What size needle is for heavy material?
How many needles do you get? Is this compatible with the new home janome jw5622?
What size needle is best for jersey knits?
Does this mean that the whole box cost $4.19 or $4.19 for 1 pack?
Can these be used with a Singer?
This the 75/11 needle fits the Brother CS6000i machine? Is this number the proper one for sewing cotton and quilting?
what needles work best to machine embroidery on satin? I have a Brother ULT and need to buy asap so I can do Christmas gifts.
Have you tried these needles in a Singer Futura XL400 sewing machine?
do they fit a Jenome sewing machine?
What size needle is best for chiffon fabric?
will the needles fit my babylock Rachel machine?
Will these ball point needles fit a Husqvarna Viking Designer 1?
voltage? 110 or 220
Can this be used for nail airbrushing?
It says it multi-use, Can you use this for baking too?
How long rod the tattoos last?
How long do the tattoos stay on?
Could you use this as temporary hair dye?
what do i need to clean this with and is this paint water based?
do you have to clean whole system between each color?
How many PSI is the compressor?
how many tattoos can you do with the ink provided
Are the air brushes single or dual action?
Are the threads BSP or NPT? I am having trouble purchasing the correct fittings for this kit. Thanks!
Can you paint large areas with an airbrush? Specifically, a guitar body. I am not actually going to paint the entire body but a large area of it.
Can this be used for cake, face painting and some other jobs like that?
can this be used with lacquer?
I want to paint a game controller metallic and other random jobs like that, would this be good for those jobs?
Amazon stated "2 Year Warranty on all Compressors and a 1 Year Warranty on all 3 Airbrushes." does it include 2 or 3 brushes
is there any pulsation with painting
is the whole set compatible with eachother like does it actually spray and not a rip off or does it have the right amount of psi for each brush
Anyone ever see a bristle come out of this brush onto their grill?
will this scratch the grill? seems a bit abrasive
Any concern about it shedding bristles and having them get into the food?
Other steel brushes say safe for porcelain enamel grates, is this brush OK for porcelain enamel?
Are these sheets 4x6, 8x10 or what exactly?
Would these stick well to plastic forks? And how long are the rows (someone wrote they came off in rows).
Size? Please provide mm size.
Do they work if I put them on my skin??
how well do these stick? could they be used to decorate a phone? nails?
Does it work on fabric? I'm spicing up fleece Christmas stockings!
Are these strips of stones peel and stick or individual stones that are peeled off and stuck on?
Do they stick to glass? I want to use them as decorations on votive candle holders.
What size is the actual stone? Has anyone stuck them to paper and had success?
Are the rhinestones removed individually or in strips? I am making invitations and it would be really helpful if they can be applied in strips.
can you melt in it
can you use this for copper too
How thick is the mold at the bottom of the cavities? Thick enough that engraving won't cut through?
im new to this and im hopeing to make it a side hobby but first thing i would like to know is shouldn't molds like this have the number of oz ingraved
Is the item durable
Can they be used on painted chalkboard walls?
Can these be blended on notecards for special effects when drawing?
Is the tip chiseled or or rounded?
Do they work on white boards?
Are these good to put a set of 6 wine glass charms to sell at a craft fair? Thanks!
I just received these bags, and am most disapponited. I have ordered the same bag and loved them. these are way too thin. Did I order wrong?
Will a business card fit in them?
does this have a white bag and a clear front
What country were these manufactured in?
Can these be sealed? For instance maybe with a little mini food sealer?
are these bags food-safe?
are these Polypropylene bags ?
are the hooks 316L surgical steel?
is it stainless steel
do they tarnish?
How big are they are they, 12mm or smaller?
are they 316L
Does it take over a month to get them? I have waited a month and still have not got what My husband ordered.
Would these fit well on average wire hook style earrings if you slide them all the way to back of ear so they wouldn't show? Is that what most do?
Do these fit snugly on a 20 gauge french hook ear wire?
I have small hands but it seems that most rubber earring backs are difficult to put on because they're so tiny. Are these also that way?
Can these put on posts to be able to sleep on them better?
Do these fit on 18 gauge posts?
The pic shows chrome, but someone said they got grey. Which is it?
Would these work ohkay in a fabric jacket, instead of leather? Or would it not be sturdy enough
Do I need a Leather Hole Punch Tool to put them in my bulldog collar?
How do you put the studs on shoes?
what is the width of the spike across the bottom and height of the spike?
Are this screws long enough to work with 12oz leather?
do they come with the back screws?
I ordered the 100pc stud pack last week and it says my delivery won't be until Feb 4th? Why such a long delivery time? Not what I call quick shipment
do u think i can put these studs in a gas mask i havnt got mine yet.
Is this a heavier fabric than regular quilting cotton?
I need 2 yards. Will it come as 2 - 1yd pcs or a full 2 yd pc?
I'm a non sewer;..... Can I make a picnic table cloth with this material? Is it thick/quilt style or flat like a cloth tablecloth might be?
Is it white letters or green letters for the seattle seahawks letters?
this is NOT fleece right?
New England Patroit cotton fabric
Is this the officail NFL fabric?
how long does the seahawk bird logo measure?
Is this a stretchy cotton fabric?
Would this be enough for 23 kid shirts? The kids are all 6 (it's for a kindergarten end of year project).
Can you paint this color on with a brush? If you want a lighter color can you dilute the paint and with what?
do the colors stay when i wash it?
Do you think this would be enough do dye 12 shirts ranging in sizes- 1 Lg, 1 Md, 3 Sm, 1 YLG, 2 YMED, 1 YSm, 2 4T, 1 2T?
I see several people said the color stays vibrant after washing. Did you all use the dry or wet method? (Wondering if either works better.)
Does this package come with everything I would need to tie dye shirts? Excluding the shirts obviously. What else would I need?
The package says it dyes up to 36 projects. So how many tshirts do you think I could get out of it if I limit 3 colors each shirt?
Most tie dyes call for setting colors with vinegar, salt, water mixture before washing for first time. would you recommend that step with this kit?
Does this kit come with extra dye packets?
How many shirts can I tie dye if they are size medium?
Does anybody know the size on these stickers? Thanks!
How big are the stickers? I don't want little tiny ones.
i want to order just xmas stickers will not let me order 2500 or more ??? ordered halloween but wanter xmas
So these are TALLER then the capital letters that go with the set. It says they are .95 and these are 1.5 inches. I hope this is a typo
the size of the letters ?
What is the size of the letters?
Can this be used with a cuttlebug machine?
Will you need any extender plates for this? Or will it work with the standard plates of the BigShot machine? Thanks!
Will this work with the Cuttlebug? I'm thinking just using two B mats and no A mat?
Can someone tell me all of the necessary parts/accessories needed to use this die? Does it come with the die for making the light blue pieces? Thanks!
I'm a total newbie to die cutting. what do i need to buy to create this 3-D accordion card??? I'm hoping to do my own version for mothers day.
Will these work in the Craftwell Ebosser?
what exactly are in this box?
Size of kit?
what are the measurements
is it made in China?
What kind of close How does the lid stay closed: metal clasp, button and loop, Velcro tabs, other? .
Where is the basket made?
Can we see pictures of the inside of the basket?
Does this item contain the 8" sewing scissors, 10 asst hand neddles, 100 dressmaker pins, 10 mini spools of thread, needle threader...?
Is the thread in the kit cotton
You do know what "Vintage" means, right?
Can you buy additional nail paints?
How loud is the air compressor?
the machine is 110 volts
can you use it for air brush make up?
is this clock silent?
hi ...is this clock silent? if not, is the tick loud? do you like it a lot?
Does the clock face have a glass or plastic covering?
Is the pendulum metal or plastic?
do this look like rhinestones on it? and what size I'm looing for a larger clock for my wall
I have a cover on my ipad screen, what would be a good stylus for it? I find the bamboo i have to press really hard!
Will this fit the Wacom Intuos Creative Stylus for iPad (CS500PK0) GEN 1?
I know this is for generation 1 pens, but i have a generation 2 and can't find a firm nib for it anywhere. Will this work? TY
what is diameter of rubber tip?
Which Wacom comes WITH FRIRM nibs installed?
ACK-20601 do not fit the bamboo stylus solo. Which replacement nibs are 5 mm, which is the size of the nib that comes with the stylus?
How do I replace the nib?
Are there any artists here who use this regularly for outright drawing and not just sketching? I use apps, ipad and stylus to draw rather than paper/pen and it took over a year of heavy use by my 3 kids and myself before the soft tip that came with the...
How do I find out which Bamboo stylus I have?
Does it fit the 3rd generation?
If I put these rattles in a stuffed baby toy, can the toy be machine washed and dried?
What is the size of this rattle?
how big are they? i need some that are fairly small to fit inside a rattle
How many double pointed needles do you get in this set? The name says 15 of 5 needles sets, description says 11 sets of 5 &amp; lists 14 different sizes.
Are the smaller sizes (especially US 3) fragile, or will they stand up to considerable use?
What do you use to clean the wood or bamboo needle. Occasionally they will show signs of usage, is a mild dish soap okay, just plain water?
I'm not a knitter, trying to buy a gift. Why would you need so many needles? What's the difference between these and the ones attached to eachother?
Are the points on these kneedles very sharp? I had a hard time with a different set d/t the dull points
How do these needles compare to similar ones made by Clover?
I want to make a pair of slipper-boots. Would the 8" be long enough? If not, what would be a good size for a project like that?
Are the tips very pointed?
How do these needles compare to similar ones made by Clover?
waht are the dimensions and weight of this item
My girlfriend is an architect student, would this be a good set for someone of her talents?
why in the picture is short of somethings?
I want something for my 40 year old friend who used to sketch and paint. I want it as a birthday gift to entice her to start again. Is this good?
what degrees of hardness/softness are the graphite pencils?
Is this mannequin great for sewing purposes?
Is this stable enough for a wedding dress display?
Are the measurements Bust33.5" Waist21.5" Hip34" accurate? If not, what are the exact measurements? Can size 0/XS clothing fit on the dress form?
Can someone please post a picture of the side view of this dress form? Thank you!
Is the base adjustable? What is the overal height of the product?
is this machine good for quilting
does it embroider
Is the 7070 have adjustable speed? I'm trying to decide between cs6000I and CE7070. I wish there was a comparison page/chart to help with that.
Can this machine embroider?
Can it handle the large spools of thread on a cone?
anyone know what the throat measurements are?
As an intermediate seamstress, I need advice choosing which: 1. Brother CE7070PRW 2. Brother CS6000i 3. Brother XR9500PRW ?
DOES THIS MACHINE SEW DENIM WELL
Does it have a stretch stitch for stretchy fabric?
I like to satin stitch around applique work. I do not see the straight satin stitch on the chart.
Is this compatible with canon pixma mg5420?
Does anyone have an idea how many prints i can get from a set of these cartridges?
Do they come with resetting chips?
Do these work for canon 3600 printer
Are these refillable?
Amazon says let them know if it is a counterfeit...how would I be able to tell? and do long time pipe smokers like this pipe?
Is this a screw together bowl and stem, I must try one, I have to tape the bowl and stem together which doesn't last long due the heat with snap together's, please tell me yes and I will purchase without hesitation, thank you either way...
Does this fit 6mm filters?
How does one remove the "removable" cooling tube inside so that a 9 mm filter will fit?
I've never used or even seen an air brush in person, was this an easy tool for new-be's to use??
What is the psi on the compressor?
Is the compressor very noisy?
Is the air brush cleaner needed, or will plain water work?
what are the colors that with it?
Does this come with 12 colors or 8 colors? The title says it comes with 12 colors but, the description says it comes with 8.
How many nozzles total does this set comes with?What's the difference between this one and the master pro airbrush cake decorating with 12colors @$139
can it be used outside the states like in dubai?
I am new to this. Should I buy more of the glass bottles or is one enough?
What is the volt I am planning to send to eritrea the volte in eritrea is 220 to 240
Is this truely sterling silver?
is it sterling or not ?
Are these bracelets .925 solid sterling or plated? I've seen both in this ad.
need manual for gecko 15x15 gk101
what are the warranty details for this product?
When the machine is fully open, what is the open angle... 50 degrees? Is there a floating platen to accommodate thicker substrates? Thanks!!
Anyone know who to contact in regards to the 1 year warranty on the Gecko GK101-PRO 15x15? Mine is almost up and it is broken.. Thanks
Where do you get your transfers?
weight with everything and the box to send
how many kilograms does the gecko gk101?
Have any of them been defective ?? I have to return mine
110 V?
I bought this and it has stopped heating any suggestions as to what's wrong. I bought a new thermostat and it still doesn't work.
What is the circumference around the neck? Thank you.
What is the circumference in inches for this mannequin head please?
What is the circumference of the head?
7 ml is about 1/4 ounce. Why are the Winsor Newton tubes states to be 0.17ml which is approximately 1/166 ounce or 1/41 of the 7 ml tube?
what are all the colors?
Silicone is an organic compound containing a silicon atom.The term silicone dioxide is meaningless.Did the writer mean silicon dioxide (an inorganic)?
What size are the tubes of paint in this set?
Does this fit a small? Dress sizes 0-2?
Does the Mannequin Dress Form come in black and can you sew on it?
Would you consider this a medium dress form? Thank you in advance.
can this dress form be purchesed with a different color tripod stand
How accurate are the measurements of this mannequin? Are they actually 36" 25" 36" ? Thanks!
The measurements in the description don't match those in the item name. Is this 36"x25"x36" as in the name, or 37"x26"x35" as in the description?
Can the pole be moved to the side for fitting pants or just up the middle for skirts?
I need 157.5 inches of this so how many yards to I get?
what are the dimension of this item?
Would this work to repair a torn horse blanket? I have one with a couple small rips.
Would this fabric be too thick to make outdoor patio curtains/panels?
I need to build an awning for my teardrop trailer. Is this waterproof enough for a project like this?
does it have a fire resistant raiting
I am needing 6 yards of material does this come on a roll in one piece 6 yds?
The title says it's cotton, the description says it's polyester. Which one is it or, is it a blend?
Is the fabric the same color on both sides
I am looking to re-cover my patio cushions, would this fabric be too thick?
I'm needing 9 yards of this product. If I indicate that I want 3 in the quantity box, will I receive 3 linear yards, or 3 one yard sections???
Would this material be good for a waterrepellent hard wearing dog cushion as my dog 'digs his bed' before sleeping
Does this fabric completely block light? (Neighbor's security light.)
Does "water repellent" mean that water won't soak into the fabric or that water won't pass through it? I need it for a waterproof backing.
Does the foliage color look like the bag that's pictured, or is it more grey like one of the reviews said? I'm lookinfor an Army green color.
Would I be able to use a basic sewing machine for this fabric if I use the appropriate needle and thread? just looking to make some cushions
What is the weight/feel of the fabric?
what color is it..it looks like a gray green on my computer, but I"m looking for a brighter MSU green or grass green.
I want to make a cushion for my outdoor swing which we lay on. Will this material be too stiff and uncomfortable for this use?
can this fabric used for outdoor tent ?
if i order 15 will it come as one long roll?
What is the weight of the fabric light med heavy or by the oz..?
I would like to drape through a pergola, would it work?
How much does 10 yards weigh?
Does the color fade over time
Hi, do you have some kind of waist measurement? Length? Up to size 12 doesn't help.
Hi, do you have ivory color ?
Hi, What sizes do you have ? or is it an adjustable size? Thanks
what size is it?
What is the difference between this item (2WA) and Sunvary BP00005WA?
this item is compatible for this type of dress?? http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00C...
What is the diameter of the bottom hoop?
What are the details of this item? How many layers of tulle? How many tiers of tulle? Does it have bones or hoops? Thanks.
What are the dimensions of this item?
What is the diameter of the bottom hoop?
Is this long enough for someone who's 5'10"?
Is it easy to walk with?
Does it fit a 22" waist?
I want to sew it into a dress, do you think thats possible?
Is it easy to walk with?
Is the hoop adjustable in size of circumference?
Can you remove the hoop from the slip at the bottom?
How long does it take to ship to southern california? My wedding is in 2 weeks will I get it on time?
what is the size?
Is the waist drawstring or elastic?
How long is the skirt? I am 5'3 and need something that doesn't need to be altered. How tall are you and how did it fit you length-wise?
What is the waist size of the band?
Are the hoops flexible for sitting?
would this fit a plus size woman like waist size 48 inches. And will it be delivered before September 27th
What fabric is used for the ruffles?
Is the slip detachable from the hoop?
Is this slip hoopless?
How big is the waist?
What sizes do you have ?
How long is this?
What is on the underside? Is it cloth? And on the top side is that also cloth? thank you
Does this slip have a hoop in the bottom hem?
What is the waist size of this slip?
what did you say the size was ?
how do you get them into the fabric?
How many prongs does this product have. One pic shows 4 another shows 2?
I used them on jean shorts. Can you wash them in the machine? Or will it strip the color?
How about decorating graduation caps? How would the prongs fit on them?
how quick is shipping? to new york
Is the compressor the NEW 1/5 hp quiet compressor, or the older model?
Is there a warrantee?
What are the dimensions of the compressor? Does it sit on the table or the floor?
Are the sprayers adjustable?
does it possible to use it in europe for 220V power?
5/14 Title descrip notes 3-6' Air Hose; Pic shows 3 braided-BUT Prod Descrip lists 5' plastic air hose &amp; 6' braid air hose.What was incl in your pkg?
How big is the rose &amp; depth as well if possible?
can this be used with regular clay (to be fired later)?
can this be used for chocolate?
can this be used as a chocolate mold?
Can you use it for jello?
would you please let me know how the fondant/gum paste removal is for this rose 2.6cm silicone sugar mini mold? Does the rose hold its shape?
Is this an automatic machine or do you have to hold the handle as the shirts press?
I cannot get the handle to lift on my new Press.. Is there a screw that needs to come off due to shipping? The pressure knob will not budge also.
Does this work well with Avery &amp;/or HP iron-on's?
I've turned the power button on for the heat press but the temp gauge doesn't come on. Any ideas?
I use Avery light fabric transfers to make picture quilts. Would this work for that particular purpose?
Is the heat platen Teflon coated?
Can I use it for soccer jerseys?
Can I use this machine to transfer images to 1/4 inch ceramic tiles?
I can't seem to get my timer to work...it says it will automatically start but I haven't seen it countdown at all. Anyone know how to work it?
Is this size machine Gecko 15x15 big enough to make T shirt of all sizes s, m, l, xl, &amp; besides the machine what other accessaries do i need to get started? thanks
Are you able to cut the 5x26x26 to a 5x26x18?
How firm is this foam , I intend to use it reconstructing a sofa that get a great deal of use
Is the shipping for 5 cushions $69.75 ($13.95 x 5), or is there a price break for multiples?
I need this trimmed to 22x26x6 (so four inches removed) for five cushions. How much would you charge to trim all five cushions? How much to ship 5?
do you have this foam in another size like 6x26x36/ and hor=w much would it cost ? i need 2 pices in that size and 2 pices 6" x 26" x 24"
is there any adhesive on the foam to get it to stick on to things?
can 6x26x26 foam padding be glued to other foam padding?
Is the paint lacquer or enamel?
is this a dual action airbrush gun?
Can you use the colors on skin for costumes?
can the paint be used on tshirts
would this work to airbrush homemade fishing crankbaits? would i be able to add fine details?
Can be used for taxidermy work. And with the paint also work on mounted animals?
How many needles and what size.?
Can you use this gun if you are left handed?
Can I use make up in this system?
does this compressor run this airbrush good and make nice lines or splatter
Is the high density foam firm enough to place under the sofa cushions (and above the springs) in order to give sagging sofa cushion/spring support?
If I wanted to make platform shoes, would this foam be suitable?
My husband built a tree fort for our boys and made some bunks out of plywood. We wanted to get this for padding. Is 2 in thick enough for sleeping?
Can this be stapled? I am wanting to make a cornice box that would require me to staple fabric to it.
What is the best way to cut the foam to fit the chair seats?
How long does this take to ship?
Would this work well for outdoor items like swing cushions?
Hi, which is best for replacing office chair seat foam, "High" or "Medium" density foam? Thanks! --jm
I'm getting the 72 in. Long foam, will it do 6 seats on dining room chairs. I won't run out of foam. I was told at Joanns Fabric that 2 yards will
Produced from?
how to stop clogging?
Has anyone used this airbrush to etch glass? Would you recommend this item or etching cream for glass etching?
can i use this with canned air
Would this work as a soda blaster?
Are nozzles replaceable? Where available?
I want to purchase this air eraser,but am wondering if I need any special adapters to attach to a standard air compressor? and does it come with a trap for moisture ? compartment
I need to know about microns to buy aluminum oxide... ?
Is this a complete set ready to use or do you have to buy other equipment ie compressor?
How do I hook this up to my air compressor that has a standard 1/4 inch pipe thread connector?
Can you please ship to dubai i really want to buy alot of molds but i cant!!! please!!!
Are this flexible?
Could these be used for soap by molding with either cold process or melt &amp; pour and then attaching these small flowers to a full size bar of the same?
Roughly how many dime size or larger stones are there in this lot?
Roughly how many gems are your receiving that are larger than a dime?
Are these gemstones lab created?
Hi. I see that you only offer the SF 49ers rhinesttone decal. Do you do others. I'm interested in the Baltimore Ravens.
Hi - What type of rhinestones are these? Swarvorski, Korean hotfix, etc???
Hi, what is the dimesions of this decal and does it come with iron-on directions?
how many pounds is this soap it does not say
Considering price and quality... Is this an ideal soap base for soap crafting or are there better options?
is there any cocoa nut oil in this
if 2 yards are ordered do you get 1 piece of fabric or 2 1 yard pieces? I need 2 continuous yards
I'm looking for a very light grey color. Will this work or is this more cream?
Will it stretch and give?ls it 2 way or 4 way stretch? Will it give? If not, do you have a white faux leather vinyl fabric that will?
is this a shiny material? or pearl in color
what is the diameter of the button?
how many buttons per package?
how many buttons per package?
Do buttons go on inside or outside of waist band?
What is the back length measurement?
Is the back length adjustable?
Is it adjustable? What are the measurements?
What is the shoulder slope? "Run over rise", the length of the shoulder compared to the drop from neck point to shoulder edge? Or angle of drop?
Is the back length adjustable?
I am interested in getting this. Can you give me a list of colors in this set? If I get 2 sets, can the second set be different colors?
Do these spools fit in most home sewing machines?
Is this genuine Gutermann thread? The real deal?
Can anyone confirm the yardage of the spools? Someone thought there may be 1000.
What weight thread is this? #25? #40?
How many yards are on each spool?
is this cotton thread?
What weight is the thread? How strong is it?
what colors are the "most popular" exactly?
Is this order for 1button or 1 dozen buttons
What size are these buttons in inches?
What size are these buttons?
What does the 50L mean? Also, confirm that these buttons are one inch in diameter.
will this replace lost button on WWII Navy Pea coat?
what are the dimensions of this item
The image shown includes the colors pewter and gold in the kit. Is there another kit other than the one listed that has these colors in it?
whats type of shoes cant i use this with?
Can I use this on furniture
Can I use these on timberlands?
I would assume this should be used in a well ventiliated space- or are the fumes similiar to nail polish? send him to garage to do or ok in his room?
Saw these paints being used on canvas shoes (atop a layer of fabric paint) because the paint is "made to withstand movement and wear". True?
Does the paint dry glossy or matt?
Does this paint cover well in one coat or is the paint pretty thin/requring multiple coats? I'm trying to decide if 1 oz is gonna be enough for some scrolly doodle stuff on a pair of wedding shoes.
What carrier is shipping these items? UPS, Fedex, USPS, ect.
I am painting shoes and strassing them. Is using a sealant after painting necessary?
would this work to upholster a couch? is it durable enough/ thanks
whats the thickness?
Is this MICRO suede, or just suede, or is there a difference?
Does this suede fabric have the same texture on BOTH sides? Or is there a right and wrong side.
To use for a throw will it need to be hemmed - does it ravel?
Is it suitable for making an elastized table cover for glass top table
Does the material let light through?
How do I order two 4 yard sections or one 8 yard section? Do I have to pay for shipping multiple times?
Is this same suede available in sage green?
I am trying to make a small rug out of belts. Is this an appropriate backing? Will it hold an epoxy without saturation and will it prevent curling?Thx
is this 80 feet of each color or 80 feet total?
Is this cording a little stiff? Will it hold shape, the same as with hemp? Or should I find a waxed version of this?
Would this work for macrame?
What is the best way to unwind these without ending up with a big knot?
Hey does this work for chinese knots?
Some nylon cord states it is lead and nickle free. Can you tell me if this is lead and nickle free...that it is safe to use and wear?
what is the diameter of the cord?
Does product come exactly how it's pictured?
Will theses Bobbins work on a Brother PE 150 Embroidery Machine?
Will these bobbins work on the Topaz 20?
Will these work in a Husqvarna Designer Topaz 30?
Will these bobbins fit the Husqvarna Topaz 30?
Can these be used for embroidery with a Viking diamond deluxe?
How do I order multiple yards on a continuous roll? If I want 10 continuous yards, do I just change the quantity in my cart to 10?
Does the fabric thick enough to work as chair upholstery? I like the color/pattern so much!
Is the background color white or silver/gray?
Do you think material would make a good isle runner for a wedding??
Are the edges of this fabric finished or are they raw salvage edges as in a fabric store
I wonder if the black design does not lose color when washed
Is this shiny fabric? Is the flocking velvety?
can i order 10 feet wide and 10 feet height?
I see the width is 58/60inches but what is the height??
If I order 20 yards, will it comes a continous roll right?
Do these pipe cleaners have the "pokey" metal ends?
Do this set include any hot pink stems? (I need a set with neon colors)
I need 12 or so black and 7 red. Are there a good amount of each color?
Are these the super fat ones or just standard long pipe cleaners?
I ordered The Big Box Pipe cleaners....received them but no idea/instructions were in side. Can you help me out?
I ordered The Big Box Pipe cleaners....received them but no idea/instructions were in side. Can you help me out?
The canvas in the photo says 18"x24". Is this in fact 24"x36"?
Is this canvas used for acrylic or oil paints (or both)?
Is this stretched
Is this canvas board primed?
Is this canvas pre-stretched and ready to use?
Are these suitable for watercolor painting?
do they also come in black?
Can you use permanent marker on these boards. Will it smear or bled through?
What is the base made out of?
Does this come with the base and calf rod?
Hi, quick question about this mannequin: the description says it's made with plastic, but is it shinning plastic or mate plastic? Thanks
Do you do custom sizes/measurements? I am looking to have one with my exact measurements so it can fit my clothing/potential clothing.
Do you offer a male mannequin that is also white, egghead, and plastic?
How much does she weigh?
Can the mannequin be put in a sitting position
can you move the arms to different positions?
Can this manniquin wear pants?
In this particular package, sold and shipped by AMAZON - what exactly comes in the box?
So I just take my die cut and just run it threw the machine with a piece of paper?
if I order this machine can you please tell me if it has all the plates required for me to use it immediately? thanks you. maureen dewar Scotland
The rollers on my new ebosser do not exert the same pressure across the page, causing grooving on one side of a die cut but not on the other side.Idea
does it work with all dies/
Does this ebosser come with all the platforms?
How much does this machine weigh? I want to take it with me as a gift to Mexico
The rollers on my new ebosser do not exert the same pressure across the page, causing grooving on one side of a die cut but not on the other side.Idea
Does this cut light weight metal sheets
Why don't the rollers exert an even pressure across the paper when using a group of the same set of dies? Give me a solution, please.
Hello, I was wondering what is the actual size of one rose?
Could I use royal icing in this? Then freeze to pop out rose easily?
can you use chocolate in this mold?
can this be used for cream cheese mints
Is this BPA Free?
can you use melted chocolate?
Is there any way to tell me if i will have this item this week?? It states it has been shipped but I have no idea when to expect it.
Can you use this mold to mold sugar (high temperatures) or would that be too hot?
are these molds small enough to use for making earrings?
can you use these moulds with casting resin?
Is it possible to change the pose of the right hand for bags?
What size clothes does she wear? I am using her as a test model for studio photography lighting. Thanks.
Is this mannequin available with a metal base?
Are her arms movable?
Does this come with a box like your other products sold on amazon?
Is it possible to use this as a scrapbook? For example, can the pages be written on? are they just blank pages or are their picture holders?
How many pages are in this scrapbook?
Are the pages removable so if you need to resort them after adding photos, you can?
i want a folder for my niece who wants to follow on an interest in graphics is this folder big enough
What are the dimensions of each page?
can these be personalised by the seller
how do I actually attach pictures to pages?
Can this item be embossed with a name?
I have in total 168 photos of inclusive of photos mostly of 6"x4", some smaller and a few 10" x 8". Will the 300 pages be sufficient.
so for $9.99, the size of the table cloth I would receive is 140cm x 100cm right?
Can you please tell me the width and length of this tablecloth? Thanks
would it fit a table that I normally buy a 52x70 tablecloth for?
What are the dimensions of this cloth? Can it be bought by the yard?
what are the dimensions of vintage cream tea party tea cups &amp; saucers teapot retro vintage pvc oilcloth vinyl kitchen cafe bar table wipeclean tablecl
What is the size of the throat on this machine?
How much oil should I be using? Is it possible to over oil it, and would that do any damage to the machine?
what type of feet comes with this machine?
Can I use regular type thread spools with this machine? I live in Virginia. What kind of dealer can I bring this to for checkup/cleaning? thanks
Is there a warranty included with this? Is it the same warranty described on the SewVacDirect website?
How do you get the bobbin out of its case? It fits so tightly that it needs to be pried out.
Does the even feed sewing (walking) foot come with this machine
Juke2010 versus Babylock Jane for sewing fleece?
Just received 1020q today. The upper tension knob with the numbers swivels when I turn the tension knob. Normal? Terrible stitches showing
why is this machine more expensive than the Brother 1500s? They look like the same machine.
Is this material suitable for apparel or is it the heavier duck material? Can I make children's clothing with it?
What is the measurement of vertical and horizontal pattern repeat?
How wide is the fabric?
What direction does the chevron pattern run, from salvage to salvage or the length of the bolt?
where may I find the pages protectors that fit correctly for this particular album? I bought frrm others brands but failed twice...
Is this a two prong or three prong book?
How many pages are included inside and what size for refills would I need?
Would this powder disolve in mineral oil ? and if disolved would it still glow ? I have been looking for a glow in the dark product that will mix well
If the powder pigment is mixed with resin will the glow stay permenant?
what is the normal daytime color?
Does the powder pigment work with resin
How much comes in one packet?
can I mix it with hair color?
Can I mix it with liquid hand soap - (for a party) ?
How do you mix this powder?
Can you mix this with water, because I have to write something on my T Shirt and out it inside the letters I wrote and make it glow during my performance. Please help
Could you mix this with a cement paint and use it outdoors?
does this product only glow under Blacklight?
What do I mix it with?
What is this pigment mainly used for?
Can this pigment be used if I mix it with resin
What gauge is this wire?
what gauge is it?
Is it pure silver .999? Thanks
what gauge is it?
Is this 20 gauge sterling silver?
What Gauge is this wire? I need 12 gauge half hard sterling silver wire, do you have this available?
Are the ears pierced?
Do the hands rotate &amp; are the fingers spread to wear gloves?
Could you provide the link or model # to the wig this mannequin is wearing?
Does the head rotate up and down, and left to right?
Why will this not ship to an overseas military APO address via USPS?
what is the weight of this thread?
Why does it come with a cleaner stylus and what is it used for?
Bluecell LCD cleaner + 1.5 inch mini stylus with 3.5mm earphone jack strap what is the use?
Ok, the thread seems nice, but how do I get it on the spindle?? is there an attachment I'm missing??
How tall are the spools?
Are these threads usable on servers?
Is this thread suitable for quilting?
I live in the USA have never seen a spool with such a big hole. Where do I buy an adaptor (link please) to make these spools fit my Janome? Thanks.
Is this thread for use with sewing machines, or hand stitching?
Are these pliable at all, like to stick to a rounded concho or do they have to be applied to a flat surface?
How I can remove them to place the in bottle caps with out getting them damage? Do i need something or this is something I can do with no tools? Tks
Will these work with flattened caps as well as regular bottle caps?
Because these are clear, will these "hide" or cover red bottle caps to make them look clear?
Is this adhesive to stick the image to the bottle cap, or the final cover over the image? What do you use to stick the image to the cap?
Are these very clear also have a nice size dome?
How long is the shipping truly taking everyone? Does it really take a month or more?
This item is listed as a eligible for Amazon Prime, but in estimated delivery was July 31st. Can I get them by Wednesday? Zip 92408.
Is the item located in the US or not?
why doe sit take so long to ship
Does it have a tray inside and pin cusion/or pocket?
Is the color/pattern shown what we get?
Does it include any "spindles" onto which to place spools of thread? I'm trying to find one that does so the thread doesn't get tangled.
What are the dimensions/measurements of this item?
Does it include any thread, needles or any other materials?
Can you tell me about how many regular size spools of thread it would hold? Also, how deep is the tray? Would it also hold spools? Thanks!
does this basket come with any notions? (scissors, thread ,needles, etc.)?
How heavy is the hand...how sturdy is it? Want to make sure it won't topple over easily with jewelry hanging from it.
How close is this to the size of an average human hand? I need it for displaying gloves.
Do you have this in black?
Do you have a left hand that matches this one? I would like to get a pair.
are the fingers adjustable?
Hi! Do you have this in black?
i want to use the chain for a belt on a medeveal doll dress is it big enough for that
Can It be used when making charm bracelets? Are the links big enough for individual lobster claps??? Please answer asap and thanks :)
how many links in an inch of chain? thanks
Is the metal (alloy) nickle free?
Does this come on a roll or is it pre-cut?
I am also interested in the weight load this chain can handle. Can the mfr provide?
Is this 32 feet of chain for $2.47 or $2.47 per foot?
hi, how many links per inch? thanks
Will this machine work on heavy fabrics such as denim, canvas, and leather?
i need a confirmation that this machine is dual voltage, 110/220volts. thank you
Can you free motion quilt on this machine?
Do you buy the high or low foot for free motion quilting?
Does this come with a walking foot?
Is it possible to control speed from the machine, without using the foot control?
How much does this machine weigh?
The description says it comes with a soft cover but I didn't receive one. Did others receive a cover with their machine?
Where is this machine made?
What attachments are included?"
Can you use these with the sizzix eclips?
Does this work with Cricut Explore?
does this fit the cricut mini
I have never changed the blade in the housing. Looking at the blade housing I have, I can't figure it out, and I'm usually very good at this stuff!
Would this fit the original Cricuit Personal Machine #29-0001? I've had my machine for about 5-yrs &amp; never used it...opened it now &amp; there is NO blade
can you use this in a sillhoette cameo
Can you use this for all cutting or do you need to use the original blade too. Like keep switching back. And forth?
Can you use the regular green housing from the cricut expression and just buy the deep cut blade instead of the housing with it for more money?
Is it possible to use the deep cut housing and blade with the Cricut Cake? I want to cut my designs on regular paper first to test them.
Does anyone know if this will work with the Cake cricut?
What is included in the free bonus package?
how much does the machine weigh? need something lite weight for classes.
Is the hard case included?
On other sites i see this model has a 25 year warranty on mechanical parts. Does this warranty apply here also?
Does this machine have the option to stop the needle in the down position? Does this machine make a lot of noise when using?
Has anyone had to replace their bulb? Do you know the model # of the bulb and/or where to purchase one?
will this machine sew multiple fabris --- 4 or more layers -- slip covers ,jeans
Is 5 Year Extended Warranty with Janome or SewVacDirect?
i am thinking about purchasing Janome 500. can we purchase needles for the machine or can we use any needles for the machine.
does this machine come with a case
Are these washable? I need plastic pellets for a set of nativity dolls that will probably get a lot of handling, so need to go in washer.....
We need to make 60 5-inch beanbags. How many pounds would we need?
good for footstools?
are they non toxic?
Can you put the bean bags/ stuffed animals/ pillows in the wash after using this product?
I am trying to make x-mas I spy bottles. How many bottles were you able to fill? Did it end up being heavy?
Hi we have three XL bean bags that we sit on to watch tv. They need to be refilled. How many pounds do you suggest I buy?
Can this be used to make a weighted blanket?
Do these float in water?
Are these beans really small? Because I'm tired of beans that are really big and feel like Styrafoam.
Can it sew through several layers of blue jean material. When I hem jeans, I hit 4 layers of material at he leg seam.
Can the stitch lengths be changed and can the needle position be moved to the left or right of center?
Has anyone removed the set screw to attach a walking foot?
How much does it weigh?
What kind of defects does it cover and how long does it last?
What is the stitch length when using the straight stitch?
Can anyone tell me what the stitch length is when selecting the straight stitch? I like a tight length (2.0)
What is the throat space area? ( the distance between the needle to the head of the machine going towards the right)
thd ad states that the machine comes with an extension table.An addition to the machine....but it is not shown in the ad....will I get this?
Does it have led lighting?
What is the difference in this machine and the one listed as just the Janome 2212 it does not say full sized on it or 860 SPM?
Is there a light bulb built into it w/ an on/off switch?
will this take a walking foot?
What is the throat length?
What kind of light bulb does this machine have? Is it LED?
Is it it the same machine as the Janome MS 100?
does it have automatic needle threader
what accessories come with the machine?
Does it come with a case for storage? Thanks
how is this machine for embroidery?
are these spools thread locking?
Does this thread shred and break while in the machine. I have had very bad luck with embroidery thread and would like to know before I spend anymore.
how tall are the dowels?
Can this thread be used in a singer embroidery machine?
what is the brand of the thread? Very interested in this.
Instead of spamming every model of Brother machine ever made, maybe you could indicate whether it is rayon or polyester?
How many differnt colors of thread are there?
Polyester or rayon?
the picture showed 2 inch thick. Is it true?
Can it be washed?
Would this be suitable for a nursery glider rocker cushions? I got a free glider/ottoman but it has no cushions so I need to find foam to slipcover.
Is it soft enough to be rolled up as packaging material, say around a fishing rod or pool cue?
What color is it?
Does this foam count as 1 inch high Density foam, for automotive seat replacement?
Is this sponge soft? How deep down with press?
Does it have strong chemical smell? I've bought a piece of foam from a craft store and it smells really bad, so am thinking of buying from Amazon
Will this work as a refill for my Fuf memory foam chair? The company only offers bean bag filler, which is not at all durable. I plan to cut into small pieces and give it a try. Advice and suggestions are appreciated.
What is the best tool to use when cutting this. I used scissors the first time and it kind of tore it up.
Is this 3" or 2" deep. The main header and photo say 3", but the description says 2".
what is the extra charge for custom cut? How long does it take to do it?
how long do these cushions hold up? We are putting in a window seat that already has become a favorite place in the house. We need to add cushions,
I cannot figure out how to find out the cost of having the foam pre-cut to certain sizes. The instructions are not clear. Can anyone help?
Is this type upholstery pad good for outdoors, I need to make an outdoor mattress cushion, that measures 76" x36 "x 6"....
Is this sold by the yardor is it a full sheet for $29.49?
3" x 24" x 72" foam cushion. Would this be suitable to replace an awful mattress in a sleeper chair. And would it fold back down into the chair?
Could I order this but a bit smaller? I am looking for 15inches by 62 1/8 inches
I have 10 chair cushions to cover that are approx. 20" in length. Can you figure length I need?
Could you cut it to 22" wide? The length will be enough for my two bench cushions. ( @ are 36" long.)
Does anyone have experience using this as a camping pad? Pros? Cons?
Anyone have tips for upholstering this without actually sewing? Could I just glue fabric to it? Would that hold up?
I need 2@ 59" x 21" so 2 of the 3"x 24"x72" would work. But I have the back wall to the bay window seat that needs 30"x42". What do you suggest??
I have to replace three cushions on my leather couch. The couch is a deep, soft couch. Would this foam work or do I need to use high density foam? Thanks
What would you suggest to use for cutting?
Would this work as an outdoor cushion? I made an outdoor sectional that is not covered.
How would this work for a dying futon that has been sat on for a 1yr?
I want to put over a toy box. Would this work?
Greetings, is this product mace in the USA?
Need custom cuts. 2 cushions 34 X 44 X 4. Can you do this size?
Is this foam too firm to replace the foam in the seat and back cusions of a section sofa? Also should we go with 6"?
I have a couch cushion about 3.5 x 21 x 64. How close would a new cushion have be be? Would 4 x 24 x 72 work if the length were cut or is it too wide?
How big is the box that this foam ships in?
I have comfortable slept on 3-inch green foam pads from Joann Fabric. How will this compare for that same purpose?
Hello - I'm looking for cushion replacements for my Ikea Ektorp sofa. Is this something you could do if I provided you w/ cushion cover measurements?
how soft is this foam? I'd like to use it as a replacement dog bed insert.
I need 5" x 24" x 24" for my cushion what do I buy
Do you sell a 7" foam replacement like this one?
For those who used this to replace sofa seat cushions, what is the life span of this foam?
What is the easiest/best way to cut this into 2 pieces?
Any possibility of a cushion 5" x 26" x 72"? That is the size I need. Thanks.............
Why is shipping so much for this foam, and the 4" is so cheap from you?
Two measurements are listed: 5" x 24" x 72 (title) and 5" x 26" x 72 (description). I need the larger one. Which is it?
How is the 5" foam shipped?
Is this open-cell or closed-cell foam?
Does this work with the accuquilt Go Baby?
can I use this with sizzix big shot or big shot pro
Does this cut strips. I am being dense today. Is there something different about this I am just not seeing?
Please what is the size of the strips?
How do you lay the fabric on this?
Can you disable the 60-second Auto Power Off feature?
When I place a weight on the scale, it reads correctly for a couple seconds but then without touching it the number begings to go down. What do I do?
how do i calibrate this scale then. Do you send a calibration weight with the order with instructions. Thanks.
When bought brand new, do i need to calibrate it with weights as soon as i turn it on for the first time out of the package?
What is the accuracy level in grains?
do i have to get calibration weights for this scale if so what weights should i get
what size is this paper? thanks!
This is tissue paper, correct?
DIMENSIONS OF PAPER?
How many sheets for each pattern or hue? Thank you! Rebecca Trotter
Is this paper tye dyed on both sides
Hello! Can you use this paper for printing on inkjet printer?
TIE DYE CRAFT PAPER -- What size is the paper (ie 8 X 11, 12 X 12, etc)
How much floor space is taken up when open?
Can this support a 27x34 flip chart
What is the max weight this easel can hold?
What height is the tray for the bottom of the canvas? I stand when I paint, and I want it to be high enough when I paint smaller canvas.
Does anyone know the depth of the tray that holds the item? How many inches? I'll be using it to display a framed piece of art and was wondering the d
How tall will this be? We will be displaying a 24" W X 18" tall poster board on it and we want people to be able to see it while sitting down.
How tall is this easel when the legs are fully extended? Thanks!
I will have 24" by 30" canvases to display and need 1.5" tray width and they need to be at eye level for average standing height. Will this work?
Will this hold a small chalkboard?
Could this support a dry erase board?
is this durable enough to upholster a chair? Do you know the rub factor?
I need to make a queen of hearts costume and want the stripes for a very full skirt. Would this drape nicely for that?
How sheer is this fabric? If I use it for curtains, will they be see-through?
Do you cobine shipping for larger orders
Are the stripes running along the 60" width or with the length of the roll?
are the stripes vertical or horizontal side?thanks
This has the exact same measurements as the one that says it fits Ikea Expedit Units. I am confused as to why this one doesn't fit as well. Anyone?
will this fit in the ikea expedit cubby of the bookcase?
Do you sell a paper holder on Amazon that fits the Expedit bookcases from Ikea?
will the shelves support the 12"x12" scrapbooking paper books?
Does it ship as seen or do you have to put it together?
What are the overall dimensions of this item?
Does this fit inside of the Expedit bookcases from Ikea?
I need something like this, but is it able to be mounted on the wall?
how many shelves are included with this and how much shipping to Ohio?
What is the finish on the product and does it come in white?
It looks white is it really ivory?
i'm not sure i understand how this is measured. 60" by which dimension??
If I order 30 yards, would it come in one continuous length?
If I ordered 6 yds, would it come in one continuous length?
Will this table fit the Janome CS995 ?
What is the size of this table?
Will this table fit the Janome Memory Craft 4000?
Does this fit the HD3000
Will this work with a Janome DC2011?
Does this fit Janome 393 Models?
fits the JW9630? AKA Magnolia 7330
Will it work for the Janome DC3018?
Will this work for a janome dc1018?
will this fit the DC5100?
How do you put it together?
how long are the clock hands ?
I want to use the 3 hands from my existing clock. They are the push-on type. Can I substitute them here?
How long are the hands of this movement?
can it be used on the wall as a stand alone
what model is it?
I have a small granite clock face (about 1/2 inch thick with 1/2 inch hole for hardware - will this work?
I would like to replace the hands, but how do you measure it?
grandfather clock quartz battery, 15volt, do you have one?
Does the second hand tick, or is it silent?
i just bought four of these and they have no batteries i can find anywhere.............do not want to leave bad feedback if i can help it
is the uv light separate from a regular light? uv as in detecting phosphorescent items?
what is the loupe made of metal or plastic?
can it see flaws in diamonds
Is this a single power of 60x, or is it variable power? It says the focus is is adjustable up to 60x, but that makes no sense.
What is the wavelength of the UV source?
Can it be used in the same way a handheld magnifying glass can be to focus sunlight and start a fire?
What is the significance of the term "currency detector" for this product?
And about how long does it take to ship from Hong Kong to the US?
can you use it for iridrology
do these lock like some of hte others do? if not, has anyone had their jewelery fall off --
I have a very tiny chain for a necklace. Will this work?
what is the blue promotional item used for?
What is the Bluecell for?
what is the blue thing for?
is it 925 silver?
What exactly does the Blueecell object do for these magnets?
The face of the clock I am repairing is made with 3/8" thick wood.will this clock work?
what is the length of the threaded stem? I need at least 10 mm stem.
Do I have to use the second hand? I would like to install with only hour and minute hands
My clock that I am repairing used a 1" threaded stem. Does this seller have one that will fit? The stem goes through a piece of 1 X red oak.
is the threaded stem 5/8" long?
What color are the hands?
How do you know how far to put the hour markers apart? does it come with any instructions for that?
What is the actual length of the threaded shaft ?? One of the answers states " between 0.25 in and 0.375 in depending upon the manufacturer..which length will I get if I order??
How long are the hands of the clock?
Can I build a clock out of this?
Does the release of the fabric on the Janome CoverPro 900CPX a problem like the people have complained about on the Brother 2340 Cover Hem machine?
what is diffeence between cover hem and cover stitch
Do you ship to the netherlands ?
does anyone have idea how to lock threads at the end?
Is this a serger as well?
Does this machine come in 240 volts?
hi!does this item ship to puerto rico? if it does, how does warranty works in this particular case? thank you!
Which stitching is visible on top when sewing the coverstitch? The two straight lines or the coverstitch?
Can this stitch thru several layers of fabrics like denim or fleece? Does it use regular sewing machine needles?
Does this have an extra attachment plate (for things like binders etc?)
will this work on plastic...say a ping pong ball?
I can't tell if these are spray cans. How is the paint applied?
I am wanting to purchase thes to paint plastic stamps of little things on basic white plastic picnic tables for my kids preschool - will they work?
Does the bottle actually say it will work on terra cotta?
I'm thinking about these for teenage beginning painters to use on canvas panels. So...all you experts...is this a good choice?
Does this paint work on glass and is it dishwasher safe?
How many bottles of paint do you get in this group?
Is this for outdoor projects?
Are these paints gloss, satin or flat finish?
can these paints be used for "One Stroke" painting?
Is it durable for outdoor projects?
So these paints are non toxic right? Thankfully! where is the ingredient list please.
how strong does this paint smell? would if be okay for inside paiting on poster board with no ventalation or anything?
Can you paint on walls with this product.
Does this product help strengthen the glass - or will a rock still shatter the glass pane design?
Can these paints be used to paint 25 watt filament light bulbs? I'm looking for translucent paint to make decorative bulbs.
I am making bottle lights (wine bottles with tiny lights inside) and want to add a design on the outside-can I use this paint to do that?
Colors: I read the colors listed but magenta is shown twice. The picture shows pink, is the duplicate magenta listing actually supposed to be pink?
I want to color the outside bottoms of a glassware set so that my kids can keep track of which glass is theirs. Is this dishwasher safe?
Can these paints be used on plates, dishes?
What size area will a 2 oz. bottle cover, please? I need to know how many bottles to buy of one color for a particular project...Thank you, PMD
can these paints be used on plastic??
Will the colors fade in the sun?
Is 35$ for one pot or the set
Does this paint stay kind of tacking? Can you peel it off the window and put back on like a cling ...like the 3D Wonder paint crafts?
Is the item flammable? I don't see label about this on item on photo.
Could this be used on a piece that will be outdoors?
I wanted to know if these paints will work on an unglazed white mug, I am not wanting to use them for stained glass, and I have the glaze to seal them
Is it possible to rehydrate the paint in the tubes if it dries out? If so, how?
What surface do you paint on to that allows you to peel off and attach to glass. I have tried greaseproof paper and that doesn't work. Thanks
Are these paints transparent?
Does anyone know if this would work well to paint wine glasses?
Has anyone used these paints successfully on plexiglass (acrylic) or lexan (polycarbonate)? Please no guesses - only answer if you KNOW.
In this pack there are 4 white bottles numbers: 16001,16002, 16021 and 16848 can anyone tell me exactly what color they are?
Is this the same thing as Martha Stewart acrylic paint? Martha Stewart's says it's "by Plaid Inc" and these are also. If so, why the $15+ price diff?
It odes not tell you in the description how many bottles come in this pacakge and if the colors are random or if you get a specific set of colors when
Are the paints appropriate for fine art? Much thanks in advance.
Can these be used for painting fabric?
Would I be able to use this paint to paint wine glasses?
Are these non toxic and appropriate for kids?
What is the difference in this apple barrel and the folk art acrylics from a few years back?
Do you know if they can be used on ceramics that will then be heated? Like, the outside of a scentsy?
Can I use this type of paint on clay pots?
Is this waterproof?
Does anyone know of a good canvas fabric for a pastry cloth. The ones already made are too small.
How does this fabric feel? Is it soft or rough? Want to make sure it's comfortable to sit on...
canthis fabric br painted on with acrylic paint?
can this be dyed ?
Is it good to cover outdoor sofa cushions? Is it waterproof and mildew resistant
Is it one cut if I order more than one yard or are they being sold in one yard pieces? I am wondering because I am being charged shipping for each yar
How many photo pocket pages can this album hold?
Is it necessary to buy one of these binders to use Becky Higgins pages? Or are the compatable with standard 3-ring binders?
Quality of Scrapbook and warranty on them?
does this machine come with the large extension table? if not, how much does one cost?
What is the harp space measurement? Thanks.
If I purchase this fulfilled by Amazon and have any issues, who would do the servicing? The price is great through Amazon vice local dealer...
Does this machine have enough power to stitch easily through thick layers of fabric? Also, does it have a free arm?
If you had a choice would you buy the Janome 7700qcp or the New Janome Skyline S5
What feet come with this machine?
I'm a little scared abpout buying a computerized machine. Do they require continual repair? Would anyone consider buying a used computerized machine?
what is the size of the bobbin?
Can this machine besides the quilting capabilities be a good buy for regular sewing like garment, mending and such?
Does this machine have multi direction sewing capability
Do you need to use a special glue with this??? I am trying to use this instead of fabric...
What is the resistance of the material? What is the amount of ohms through it?
Is this vinyl covered carbon fiber? Or just vinyl textured to resemble carbon fiber?
What are the dimensions of this item?
How wide are these rolls?
would it stick to glass?
Can I order six rolls of the red one?
How many feet of tape are in each roll?
How many feet of tape are in each roll?
will it work in tim holtz vagabond machine?
can I use this with my Big shot machine?
Do these work with the Cuttlebug?
how many ounces are these bottles?
How many bottles are in the pack?
Is this the entire Minitaire line?
Will it ever get restocked? Geez...
What PSI do you suggest spraying these at?
Are there any doubles of colors in this set? Or are they all completely different shades? Thank you!
Is this paint set good for plastic models ????
Can these paints b used for nail airbrushing?
Does this set include any metallic or Pearlized colors?
How do these compare to vallejo, games workshop, tamiya?
is it possible to be used with big shot
what is the size of the folder ????
Do M Bossabilities work in the Big Shot? If so, what accessories are needed?
Can I use the M Bossabilities templates in my cuttlebug?
I need more of an idea of the size of these pendents. Are they large enough for necklaces or are they more the size for small ear rings?
How big are the average size charms, generally?
Good Morning, you sell 100 pieces or for weight?.
elephant charms
Can anyone give the weight of charms received? I want to know the weight of just the metal pieces, not the metal plus packaging. Thanks.
Are they heavy?
Are the charms two sided, meaning the front and the back of the charm are the same and it doesn't matter which side is "up"?
Did anyone recently get a good mix of charms?
Are there an even amount of pairs? What I make takes 2 of each, rather than one-of-a-kind charms.
What size wire gauge would best be suited for these charms?
What machines are USA made
Does it come with the extension table?
this would be an upgrade from a much simpler machine. Is this relatively easy to operate?
Is there a workbook available? I've been quilting 20 yrs. I know what this machine does, but need examples in doing it, Disappointed
Does this model have automatic thread tension? The sales ad is pretty vague....
Does this model include a walking foot or is it built in?
What size stitch width does the 7700 have?
does this have an embroidery module?
Does this have a stitch regulator for free motion quilting?
What is the difference between the New Home QCP 7700 and the Horizon 7700 QCP
are these meant to fit an average woman? or is this child size?
how big is the interior diameter?
How wide are these bracelets?
is the white color on the sock monkey fabric bright white or more of an off-white/cream?
If I order 3 yards,,it will be 1 solid 3 yard piece of fabric..correct?
Hi I am interested in the sock monkey fabric I just want to make sure its fleece. I am planning on making a tie blanket and want to make sure its rig
is it bright lime green and turquoise???? i want to make sure of the colors before i order it!!
Can the umbrella be removed for use indoors?
Is it really easy to fold up? How long does it take? 1-2 minutes or more like 5-10 min? Is it something you can easily fold and unfold daily?
Can you tell me how tall the bench is from the ground?
Is the top smooth so that my boys could draw on a piece of paper...or is it more bumpy/textured? Thanks!
what are the dimensions of table and benches
do the colors on the table and umbrella fade if left in the sun?
How sturdy is the table? Is it heavy enough that it won't be blown by wind? We plan to keep it outside.
Does the umbrella tilt to a side, to block the sun, if needed?
Is it appropriate for a one year old?
Do you think a one pound bag would be enough to make a vest for a chicken?
What gauge are these rings?
Do these hold jewelry together well? Like charms or pendants without easily opening with fingers I need something sturdy
About how many bags do you need for a shirt like what Eomer wears in LOTR, I am 5'8" and skinny so take that into acount
My friend and I are interested in making Dice Bags, would this be good enough for that type of use?
are these easily can these be bent? im needing something pretty stout
Hi I'm a teenager wanting to make a maille shirt how much would I need?im 154cm tall
Will this be enough rings to make a small vest?
Which is correct? Inner diameter of 16/64 inches (which is 6.35 mm) or the 7 mm that it says it is in the description (which is 17.6/64 inches)?
The description states that this table is adjustable, but several reviews say the height is fixed. If you have the 36" version, can you confirm?
Hi, can you tell me what the surface is made of? Is it hardwood, softwood, MDF? I know the frame is wood, I'm asking about the table top.
I bought this and like it, but it is very low to the ground, like for a kid, is there a piece you can sell or extension to make it taller?
Do you ship to Mexico?
What is the maximum approximate angle the table can be set to in an upright position?
Can anyone tell me how long the feet of the 36inch version are?
How tall is this table when fully assembled? Is it tall enough to be a standing desk for an adult of average height?
Hi, Can it cut 3 liter wine bottles?
how about diagonal cuts?
Does this bottle cutter measure from the bottom of the bottle up or the top of the bottle down?
Can I use this to cut beer bottles into 1 inch tall rings?
Can you cut the bottoms out of Mason Jars? If so, what sizes?
how do you make the edge smooth once the bottle is cut?
Will it cut just the bottoms off of a bottle? Square or round?
Will the cutter handle narrow bottles such as mini Corona beer bottles?
Can this be used to cut bottle necks?
Can I make a cut length wise (long way) to cut the wine bottle? I want to make it like a "bowl". Cut a oval in the middle of wine bottle.
Can you change the angle of the easel, so that it is not straight up?
Maximum canvas height???
How big is the palette?
Can I use a small panel 9x12
What does it weigh?
My thread keeps breaking on the red looper. How can I stop this?
What is the difference between the Juki MO-50E and the MO-51E?
Can it be used overseas with an adapter?
does the foot pedal have a high and low speed adjustor.? I have heard complaints that sergers just go full throttle
Can you attach a foot pedal?
does this have a removable free arm
Is the machine dual voltage? What's the machine voltage?
Can this also be used as a sewing machine?
Is this serger easy to thread and is it equally good to the brother 1034d
Will this model work with canvas?
Is there a major difference between this set &amp; the Clover Takumi set? Other than the extra hooks &amp; a fully cushioned handle
The hook end of these, are they more like Susan Bates ends, or Boye? I prefer SB as the Boye ends are too sharp.
What sizes are included? I need to have a steel size 3
Will these Amour hooks protect the middle finger 2nd joint from getting sore due to the hook rubbing across it? (pencil hold)
Where is this item made / manufactured?
Do these fit in a regular crochet hook case (like the pink Boye one) or do you have to get a case specially made for them?
How do these compare to the clover soft touch hooks? Are they worth the switch over??
Is the silicone moldable or flexible when using them?
I am new at crocheting, and I enjoy it a lot. But my middle finger gets sore. Is the handle hard? Do you think I would need an extra pencil handle? Some of the handles in other hooks look ugly, these hooks look cute but I don&acute;t know if it will hurt...
Is the hook part itself (not the handle) made of a metal or plastic? I'm new to crochet, and find that I can't have too many hooks! These are pretty
Does this use more than one thread, like a bobbin? I don't sew, so I'm not sure what I'm actually asking.
can you sew buttons back on with this hand held sewing machine
is it loud?
will it hem jean material
I would buy the ac/dc adaptor but you dont show one. Where do I get one?
Can this be adjusted so you can use sitting or standing?
You listing was a bit confusing b/c it said that the easel fits on a camera tripod which is sold separately. What is included in this item?
I read a review on another site that said it was a bit wobbly. Do you find it really stable, or a bit wobbly?
Can the painting surface be used flat, as well as upright? I usually paint on a flat surface.
Will it handle a larger size watercolor paper like 22 x 30?
can the drawing board be purchased by itself?
Can the easy connect mount on tripod be replaced with a standard tripod mount that will interface with easel for a more secure connection?
I paint model cars/ships, &amp; most of what I spray is flammable. Any suggestions? If I can't use them with this, then what's the point?
How is it working so far?? Some reviews here are dated and I'm curious to see how it held up.
What type of paints are people spraying through this? I'm looking for a booth for painting model cars and I use enamal and lacquer based paints.
Is the A/C adapter compatible with 220V 50Hz?
For painting 1/10th scale lexan RC bodies, which size would work best?
Has anyone found a filter that might be cheaper than the one sold on Amazon?
Does this kit include an airbrush to use in the booth?
Do I have to have the hose sticking out the window? I live in a cold state where access to an open window is minimal.
Can anyone explain how to change the filter?
I spray paint old telephones from the 30s and 40s with Rustoleum rattle can spray paint. Will this spray booth work effectively for this application.
Is this storage option portable? Can I take them with me to a craft retreat without the sections coming apart easily?
Will they nicely hold copic sketch markers?
What is the difference between Crafter's Companion - The Ultimate Pen Storage System and Crafter's Companion Spectrum Noir Marker Storage Trays?
Is it a crap shoot on the color or can I request what I need?
Do these hold Prismacolors and Ad markers? Thanks
What is the measurements for the Ultimate Marker Storage Pack?
What color are the set of trays?
What is it made of? The description doesn't say, and in the angled pic it looks like cardboard...
will they hold TomBow Markets
How many markers per tray?
This fits the iPhone 4, not 4s correct? And will it fit the verizon phone
good night, I wonder if this kit works for lcd iphone 4 unlocked phone, verizon. I live in Venezuela and I use the phone here. I await your quick resp
Will this work with Iphone 4 model number A1332 380A. the phone is unlocked and I live in Jamaica
Does it replace the back lens camera ?
can this work with an iphone 5
does it fit a iphone 4 Model A1332 EMC 380A
i scratched the lens on the canera on back cover will it fix that to to make picture clear and not blury
You recommend to take it somewhere to be install....where? or how do I find someone?
before i purchase will this work for iphone model a1349??
is this vendor from the usa ?
What are the dimensions of this item?
Does it works with - We R Memory Keepers Crop-A-Dile Eyelet and Snap Punch, Blue Handle? Thanks!
This shape can be use with the crop a dile? Thank you
What IS it made from? cotton? bamboo? recycled scary chemical? WHAT?
Is this susceptible to the same buildup/stink issues as microfiber? Do I have to use the same specific detergents and worry about periodic stripping?
How thick is the material and can it be glued to a hard surface permanently and still function?
Has anyone tried to join 2 smaller pieces together to make one large piece? Similar to the way batting can be joined by mesh tape.
Is it washer and dryer safe? Would it work well in a rat cage as a liner?
Is this a yard?
I wanted cloth for air drying dishes. Guess this would be too bulky?
Would Zorb be appropriate for cleaning spills on slick tile floors? Would it leave the very smooth surface dry, reducing slippage? Thanks!
Would this fabric be suitable for making stuffed dog toys ? Thank You
i need to use something to shield my under breast area from heavy sweating and yeast. will zorb work? will it be too harsh on my skin?
Would this material make a good adult washcloth?
is this one square yard of material?
Will this fray if you cut it?
Would this fabric be suitable to make stuffed dog toys? Thank You
Are there fire retardants in this fabric?
Would this be good to make cloth wipes?
Is this fabric a 2 way stretch?
Does anybody know what the washing instructions are for this fabric?
What size are these?
How many beads are per pack??
Are these beads actually yellow? They look like baseballs from the photo.
How many beads are included?
How many beads are included?
Apologies if I'm missing it, but what material are these beads? Plastic? Ceramic? Other? Kindly advise.
Can this bead be used as a hair bead?
Is this a natural color or white?
How does this compare with the sherpa throws that you can buy in the store (e.g., Walmart, Kohls)? Is it as soft?
can I buy this in 2 contiguous yards?????
What is the weight per yard?
Is this a heavy material like the synthetic wool pads that are sold to protect against bed sores?
How do you wash this fabric?
Does it shrink at all after being washed?
How many layers of fabric do you use to make this into a diaper insert?
Does it fray when cut? I am considering using this for no sew projects.
Would this be a good fabric to turn into diaper flats?
I have bought this fabric and last time I bought 2 yards it came in two 1 yard pieces instead of continuos yardage. How can I buy 2 yard continuos?
Could you use this to make baby washcloths? Is it like polar fleece, I,e. Soft on both sides?
Are there any fire retardants used on this fabric?
Little confused, is it 27" wide or 54" wide?
Is this fabric bleached?
I am making bibs for handicapped adults. Is this fabric suitable for many washings/dryings?
I am considering using this for ecofriendly panty liners. Can I count on it being discreet, or does it make crinkly noises when flexed?
I am making bibs for handicapped adults. Is this fabric suitable for many washings/dryings?
I just purchased to make snack/sandwich bags for my granddaughter. Is there a right and wrong side.
Would this work on a sheet to absorb bedtime urine leakage to reduce linen washings? My elderly dad moves in his sleep and other pads are too small.
would like to use this for mattress covers. if I order more than one yard, will it come in a continuous length or is it precut into 1 yard portionsI
How waterproof is this fabric?
I am considering purchasing this material to sew inside school shirts for a child who drools. Is this material "cool" enough for hot weather?
Has anyone used it to make a shower liner?
Does this fabric need to be washed/dried before use/sewing? (In other words, will it shrink?)
This kit includes the printer?
What Model printer is this?
what kind of ink cartridges are used
Do you need a special "holder" in which to put the "movers and shapers" dies before you crank it through the Big Shot die cutter?
Do I need other things to use with this?
what size envelope is needed for this 5x5 card?
What is the finished card size?
Will these work on an InkJet printer?
Do I need anything other than an ink jet printer? I saw you said spray it with clear? What is a silhouette mach? Can you just cut them yourself easily
I'm trying to make labels for my shampoo/conditioner bottles. Can this paper get wet or will the ink run?
Will it work with laser printer?
How many sheets come in the packet?
Some "clear" sticker printable paper is actually more like slightly frosted rather than actually clear.. Is this paper actually clear?
Will the text wear off over time from water or rub off? I want to use it to make labels for jars to store flour, sugar etc. Thanks.
can I use this paper on candles
Is it safe for the wall? Am going to make my own decal for our son's nursery!
Will this paper work well for bumper stickers
does this cut out envelopes, too
Does this cartridge require the universal keyboard overlay?
Does this work with the cricut expression?
Does this cartridge only cut out the outline of the card? Or does it include all the detail and decorations shown on the box? the balloons, birds, etc
Does this cartridge work well on the original Cricut that cuts 6 inch paper ?
can i use this cartridge with cricut explore air?
I received this today and I really like it, but a book didn't come with it? Should it have had one? I have no way to know what the overlays are
Will this work with a 6 x 12 cricut mat?
Does this cartridge work with the original Cricut personal cutting machine?
Will this work with the Cricut Mini?
dose the table fold for storage
What are the dimensions of this little tykes easy store table and the junior table? Thanks.
Does this come with the umbrella, or without it? Thanks! -Anna J. :-)
what size are they?
Good morning , I want to know if they are # 2, thank you very much
are these firm tipped or soft??
Hi, would you deliver this product to Lima-Per&uacute;, pls?
does it fit on brother CP7500 sewing achine
do you know if this will work on brother SE 350?
Good afternoon my machine is singer facilitates 2852 C would like to know if your product fits to my machine or another singer model is used for
do you know if this will work on brother SE425?
If it will fit my BL200A Babylock Elizabeth
Does anyone know which size Ron Ranson uses in his books and videos?
Is this the new upgraded edition. #50686445? The picture does not show the item number on the end of the handle.
What are the sizes in inches? Hard to estimate width by the pics.
Does this set contain 2 of each length of cable, for a total of six cables? It looks that way in the picture, but doesn't say that in the description.
Can you get a shorter cord for making hats?
what is a lifeline in this context?
Hi - Wanted to know if these have the "lifeline" feature? I believe they do but wanted to check before ordering. Thank You-
What are the needles made of?
Is it possible to get a 16" cable for these? Or is there a better set for knitting socks on two circular needles?
Dyakcraft Heavy Metal interchangeable
Does the complete set include large cables? I had 2 sets of cables. 1 set had 2 small cables (14" &amp; 22"), and the other set had 3 small cables.
How do you use the carter key to tighten the needles?
Are these as light weight as the Karbonz carbon knitting needles.?
Does this cartridge cuts words? or just single letters? I am looking for a cartridge that you can type in a word and it cut the word all in one piec
can you cut a 2-4" letters with this cartridge?
Does this come with the mat as well?
Can this be used with the cuttlebug?
can the cricut cut material
will the cricut cut material ?
Does this Extreme Fonts package come with the layover key pad as well?
I need the cartridge that cuts "it's a girl" and shapes which one do I get?
can it be used for the Cricut Expression model?
has been linked to cricut craft room?
Can this be used as wrist watch lume?
can i paint my car with it?
Can I put this on a instrument? Like a violin or a bass guitar?
Is this washable?
Want to paint the hands of a wall clock. Will 2 hrs room light, plus indirect sunlight "charge the paint", to be visable for 6+ hrs? 11pm-6am?
Can I use this outside to highlight dark stairs at the bottome of a deck?
Will this glow if it is painting on a black surface?
I want to paint some bobbers for night fishing. Will this work? How long does the glow last? Can it be seen from 50 feet away?
What tool do you use to apply the paint on EVA surface?
I saw a pic on Pinterest where someone used glow in the dark paint on planters. Will this paint work? Will it wash off?
Is the size D the same as size #18 that you see on other s-lon products?
What are the dimensions of this item?
JTV offers s-lon in sizes 135, 240, and 400. to what do these numbers refer and how do they relate to size d and #18 referred to here on amazon
What size needle will I need?
length of each cord
Is this the same size as 4 ply linen thread?
Does it only do Repairs??
Does it only do Repairs??
Would this machine be good with fleece (2-4 layers)?
What kind of paint can you use in this system? I am buying this for my daughter who does painting with acrylics, oils and spray painting.
Hello i you could say the high bandwidth and long of the packaged product?
Would this be a good starter for spray painting Gundam models?
Hi! What are the dimentions of the air compresser and airbrush package?
What is needed to clean it? THANK YOU, ALL ANSWERS ARE APPRECIATED!
Does this kit have EVERYTHING needed to opperate it?
Is this particular airbrush good for not just painting the body of a model car, but fine detailing like penstriping fine and thicker lines? THANK YOU!
Work with plastidip(gallon)?
Does this kit come with one or tow air bushes?
Is this too small of a model to paint guitars?
Does it have a cigarette light plug in
Does it have a cigarette light plug in
Hi how do adjust how wide the spray is, new to this thanks!!
Ordered a safe and it came with a few scratches the company sent some touch up paint if I use this will I have to dilute the paint? Tom
I want a starter kit so I can paint my model kits. Would this be great for base coats as well as detail work?
does it come with an air filter
what are the differences between VC-16 and C-16 compressors?
Can the Master Airbrush&reg; Brand Model G22 replaced by G233 or G333 with price differences
Is the C16 compressor Gold exactly as C16 Black? if not what are the differences?
Is the AC adapter of 110 /240 AC Volt input and 12 VDC output?
The envelopes I want to make need to be 4 3/8" x 5 3/4. Can the tool accomodate this size envelope? I also asked the ? re: the card size earlier. Now I know the envelope size :-)
Can you make envelopes that fit a 5-1/2 x 4-1/4 notecard?
what are the dimensions and weight of this item?
Earlier in the spring of 2013, someone discovered calc errors on printed chart, has that been corrected on the units currently selling?
Can you make envelope liners with this as well?
I just purchased this but it looks small. I bought it to make 8 1/2 x 11 envelopes. Will it do that? Thank you for your time with this! :-)
Do all the envelopes end up being square or can you make rectangle envelopes??
What is the biggest envelope made by this punch board?
what size is the smallest envelope you can make with this board ?
How does this punch board compare to the Stampin' Up Envelope Punch Board?
Do these work with the Cuddle Bug?
Work with Sizzix BigShot?
does this set cut the edge so it looks the picture
so is this just 1 (one) embossing folder or are there several pieces involved to make the above card front as shown?
Can these folders be used in the Evolution ?
What size is this? 5x7? or 4.25x5.5?
Will this plate work with other machines like the Sizzix Big Kick?
What are the dimensions of this junior magnetic mat?
Can this mat be used with the larger sized plates or do I have to purchase the junior sized plates for the mat to work?
Are those magetic sheets wery different from any magnetic sheet you buy in dollars store?
Can these be cut to fit a smaller size cutting plate??
the images for this product show two different storage case containg different parts. One case shows a quick dissconnect and the other does not?
Just recieved it No book
Can you get even finer needles for this airbrush?
What is the actual shipping weight for this? the description says 4 pounds, but that is unrealistic (need to know for international shipping &amp; travel)
Is there a minimum compressor size needed to paint with this gun?
What else would I need to buy in order to use this (some kind of air bottle and regulator)?
Does bent this one contain included the compressor???
How do the paint jars attach to the airbrush. Are they some kind of quick connect?
What other accessories do I need with this? Or can I start airbrushing "out of the box" with this set?
what are the deminsions and the weight of this device
do you have back plate screw for phonak compilot?
ComPilot rechargeable batteries. Can they be replaced instead of buying a new ComPilot???
Is this product the Com Pilot Air II?
Is there a specific hearing aid that can only be used with this one?
Does this come with warranty?
do you still have to program the com pilot/ tv link to your ha's if your not going to use it as a remote
I would like to know just what is in the box. There is only one photo and that is of the box. I would like to know just what I am getting for my $249
Have the moisture problems been addressed?
can it be adjusted to just bluetooth to one hearing aid so that you can still hear sounds and talking from the ear
How Many clips????
How many clips are in the package?
How many clips are there?!
Does this book come with page protectors? if so, how many? Thanks!
How many scrapbook pages come in scrapbook
hello there, are the inside of the front cover and back lined with paper/cardboard or fabric? thank you for your time
Are the finger guards adjustable?
do these protect you from heat.
Anyone use them for hot glue? I hear the mod podge ones run really small and was hoping these might be a little roomier
Can these be used when streaming a hem allowance using a hem gauge?
Is this a current model?
Does this machine also cut the fabric as it serges?
can you use regular sewing machine needles
Can this machine be run on a single or double needle?
what is the warranty on this machine?
How is the rolled hem? Is it alot of set up?
Is the machine dual voltage? What's the machine voltage?
what is the shipping cost to Australia
If I live in Europe , can I use transformer to use this machine?
does this machine run smoothly or does it vibrate while in use?
I need dimensions please. Thank you kindly.
Are these boxes exactly as pictured? I only ask because I ordered the same thing from Kmart and they sent me the new model that is totally different.
are these sturdy? or easy to break?
Please confirm there are 20 sets of shoe boxes with lids in this set, and not 10 boxes with 10 lids.
What are the dimensions of these boxes?
What is the size?
How many oz bar of soap would this make approx?
Is this a set of 2?
International shipping is free?
do international shipping?
do you know how many ounces for one bar of soap that this would make?
Could I please have a price for 25 with shipping? Or could I have your email to contact you about this?
If we order a large quantity, maybe 180 or 200, will you charge us less for shipping?
How much to buy 10?
Does the price include 1 or 2 molds?
Are these repositionable?
Could I decorate my mom's geriatric aluminum walker with this tape? Will it stand up to that kind of use?
Would you use this to add a page to an art journa;?
how can we choose the colours ?
I want to decorate my Apple Mac laptop keyboard with this. Will you be able to see the letters on the keyboard through the tape?
Can you use this to decorate a lampshade?
How many are in a package?
What size needles do they fit?
which colors do they come in?
What are the dimensions of each bar?
Is the surface coated for non stick or is it uncoated silicone?
How long does it take to get to you? I'm using to make favors and need them ASAP, should I just order elsewhere.
If you are trying to sell a mold, why would anyone want to buy it without knowing what the finished weight will be
can i use this for rainbow loom
what size hooks are in the set?
Are the letter sizes (such as F, G, H, I, J) on the colored aluminum hooks, or do they show the size only in millimeters?
how is this is crotchet and knitting needles?
Please tell me the dimensions of the case. The ones listed (5.9 x 0.1 x 0.3 inches) have to be wrong. Thanks!
Are the throats of these in-line or tapered? If they're tapered, can anyone recommend a full set (like this) that's in-line?
why does the price change ? advertized and ordered for 8.96 at checkout it went up to 14.22
Can these crochet hooks be used for cro-tatting ?
Does anyone know how these compare to boye brand?
Just getting started in knitting and wondering if these would work for that or only for crochet? If not is there another set anyone would recommend?
Are the sizes marked on them?
what size are the hooks not in metrics but in American sizes..i need very very small hooks?
Are these hooks accurate to the size that are supposed to be?
how many pieces are in a set?
what is the size of these charms? i want to make a charm necklace with photos.
can same style be linked together to form a bracelet blank frame?
What are the sizes of pendants?
Can you actually pit photos in them?
Will this work on white embroidery machine
Will this spool fit on the Brother SE400 embroidery machine and is it 100 % polyester?
What are the inner and outer diameters of the spool?
Is there a difference between using this as bobbin thread or can I use it as the top thread? I need a large spool of white thread for a project.
Does this fit on the Brother PE770 (without any special attachment)?
Has anyone tried this bobbin thread on a Babylock Ellegante machine?
pfaff is quite picky with bobbim thread (c&amp;c does NOT work... gutermann does) can any pfaff owners vouch for this? please and thank you!
Is this the same size as 5000m spool or bigger??
How many yards of thread are on the huge spool?
does it include 181 CVC or 1815 CVC? I am looking to verify a pantone color choice with a real life palette.
Hello, does it show the color name? I mean, the description of the color, for example like royal blue? thanks.
Does this show the CMYK breakdown?
How many metallics and neons does it have? I'm hoping it has a rose gold.. thanks!
how many colors does it have?
I have installed the software into two computers running XP, however, cannot read data into either one. Have USB not USB2 port, is that the problem?
Does the Software Included work with windows 7 and 8. It seems, based on reviews around the net that it does not.
Is it possible to save generated data? Is it possible to connect to a computer in order to save data? What type of files are generated (XLS, ODS)?
does it come with 3 leads wire cabel
Does this machine still come with the 3 lead wires and electrodes?
Does this machine still come with the 3 lead wires and electrodes?
Do you just apply the machine to your chest or do you need leads?
Does it print or or visual label the rhythm or arrhythmia??
are the cables and electrode pads included?
can I see and record the QRS and see P waves? Thanks
Will this product work on synthetic fabric or fabric that is colored? Like could I dye a polyester, red shirt white?
Can I use this product with multiple items of different colors at the same time in a wash machine?
I have a red dress (natural fibers) that I would like to lighten to a bright pink. Will this come out evenly if I agitate the water, or streaky?
Will this remove yellowing from a white shirt?
cargo pants beige can they be safely made white?
I have a white pair of jeans that have a yellow bleach stain on them from spot cleaning. Will this fix that?
I used rit dye and now want to remove it does this work for that or will it remove all color like even prior color or just the new dye? thanks
I have light baby blue jeggings I want to turn them WHITE! Would this do the trick? (77% Cotton / 21% Polyester / 2% Spandex)
I have dark green "lace" curtains that I want white/cream will this work?
someone at school spilled orange RIT dye on my son's senior class hoodie, will this work to remove it or will it remove all color from the shirt?
Can I use it on my body for a rave?
Would this work on painting pumpkins?
Can you use It on rocks?
why does the picture looks green
What is the best sealant to put over the paint for outdoor stepping stones?
Can you use this on material such as stock paper, wood, or acryillic? Thanks!
Will this product work for outdoor furniture?
Does it dry clear?
would this work on a dark blue, rubber ball? i want to play handball at night
Would this work on the midsole of a shoe?
Can I use this paint outdoors?
What is the recommended sealant if I choose to use it outside?
could it be used on a model kit
I just bought this and I'd like to dilute it so I have more but it's not as bright. Should I mix it with a white acrylic paint or a water based paint?
Does this work on clothing?
Can I paint clay pots with it? and if I use the White glow paint on the brown clay pots would it still glow in white colour?
What is the approximate drying time? I want to use this as a base and add 1mm stones, but I'm afraid it could dry too soon. Thanks!
Does the light up in black light?
Can you use on dark flower pots?
Anybody knows if can be used with an airbrush?
Does this appear clear during the daylight hours?
Does this air dry?
Will the paint's glow be affected if there *is* a clear top-coat over it? How about a pane of glass?
Will this work on my skin?
Can this be used on shoes?
Do you know would this substance react with synthetic fabrics such as vinyl or spandex?
Does this work well with resin?
Could I use this paint on the inside of glass jars? It has very mixed reviews-so hesitant to purchase.
Can this be applied to a vehicle exterior? paint or windows.glass?
Can this paint be used on exterior surfaces?
use outdoors?
Do I add powder to bottle of clear nail polish &amp; then paint my nails?Or sprinkle some on each nail after I apply polish?
What is the size of the container? (1/4 ounce)
what would make a good medium to attach this to the iron sights of a weapon?
HOW DO YOU ACTIVATE POWDER
What color is the powder in normal light when it is not glowing?
can this be used with grout for tiling, if so what type (epoxy or water based.... anything else?)
Can it be used as a holi powder for events?
Can I use this with Locktite gel or superglue. I want to put this in my 6 speed shift knob pattern. The Shift knob is stainless steel.
Would this work on a glass bottle (green glass) for photographic purposes? If so what is best additive and application method? Thanks.
Can I cut my own custom artwork, ie: my own company logo?
What is the maximum thickness of vinyl that the machine can cut?
what is the size of the product? I need to know for shipping
How does the vinyl go into cutter? Does it take roll vinyl to get 8 ft cuts?
I want to cut stencils to be used for airbrush tattoos. Will this machine work for this?
dose software have a expire date
Can this be used for transfer paper for a heat press?
The plotter has optical reader ?
can i cut out my own designs for clothing?
types of materials that short? It is compatible with my Mac? platform that is installed?
Can you add casters to the bottom of the desk to be able to roll it? Is there a large/flat enough area underneath to install them?
Is this sturdy for sewing? The table I use now, bounces when I sew. Anyone experience that with this? And do u think middle drawer could be removed?
Does anyone use this table for sewing? I'm worried about bounce when I'm sewing quickly, and whether there is ample space for staging fabric.
What are the measurements of the table? I've seen the height and the measurements for under the table, but need the length and width.
What are the exact dimensions of each of the shelf openings on the front?
Does it have an odor?
What is the height? I am looking for a craft desk where I can work standing up.
Is it small enough to fit in a closet
What is the width under the desk? Want to make sure my chair will fit.
What is this table made of?
is this a machine that does nothing but monograms?
CAn I run this on a Chromebook?
Can I use Monogram Wizard plus on a Beother SE 270D? and Windows 7?
can this program be used on a janome memory 350e
Does this work on Windows 8.1 ?
Does this run on Windows 8?
where are the fonts downloadable from? Looking for what fonts are available.
What size loop do these pliers make?
No matter what I do my tool won't close the loop. It still leaves a bit of it open and my tiny beads will fall right off. Help?
From video it appears there is a length of wire left between the loop and the last bead. Is it possible for this tool to form the loop close to bead
Some reviews say the cutting edge blunts quickly. How does the cutting edge hold up on the recommended 26-18 gauge wire?
Is it possible to create wrapped loops with this tool?
Does this work with memory wire? I'd like an easy way to make loops on the ends of wine charms.
How much length do you need after the beads are added for this tool to work?
The spring came apart on mine. Does anyone know how to fix it?
What size is the loop that is made? Would you say it is smaller or larger than an eye pin loop? I use a lot of Vintaj eye pins for link making.
what size wire does the looper accommodate?
can you switch out one of the colors for another color?
can this be used in an air brush?
can it be used on clay pots outdoors?
can it be used on clay pots outdoors?
Can kids use it?
What's the shelf life if used and stored away?
We need to paint house numbers on 533 units. Presently the numbers are balck. Do you have black glow paint or can you suggest something else.
can glow paint be used on an outdoor wall mural?
Hi! This painting can be mixed with glycerin? and I can paint the clay with this?
can this be painted on glass
is this item hollow?
what foot size is it and what kind of foot is it for example men,women,boy,girl
how sturdy is this? i'm confused by the description as "rubber plastic". is it hard like plastic with a rubber coating? or is it made out of rubber?
is this item flexible? could it be used to model a shoe for an Ebay auction?
Do you recommend getting the 12 x 24 mat when doing vinyl wall quote projects? Also, what kind of vinyl do you recommend? Is transfer tape necessary?
Can you use these mat's multiple times or are they one use only? Planning on using Vinyl on them.
Is this a two pack of two? For a total of 4 or a total of 2? Price wise I am assuming you get 4 12x24 total.
Can you cut these to make (4) 12 x 12s? wondering because they are just slightly more than (2) 12 x 12s, but buying for a gift and I don't know anyt
Are these the old mats or newer ones?
Do these look just like the picture? I have an imagine and I don't think the ones in the picture will work with the imagine as it doesn't black lines
Will this work on Brother SnanNCut machines? I have the cricut also,but it only cuts with smaller board.
Will the Cricut mats work with ScannCut machines?
can it be used on cricut explore
does the awful chemical smell go away? it's either the plastic or the adhesive used, but something smells terrible on these mats.
I've had some of these mats and they are too sticky at first. Does anyone have a suggestions to remedy this?
How often do the mats need to be replaced or how many uses do you get out of single mat (while replacing the clear cover after each use as suggested)?
Can I use this mat for my Silhouette Cameo cutting machine?
Why would you get 12 x24? All my paper is max 12 x 12 ? Or ass'td sizes? Could I put a 6x 6 paper or card stock on a 12 x 12 mat? new to Cricut
My cricut air is coming with one mat , should I get 2 more?
what can I do so that the cutting mat is not so sticky?, my letters have been ruined the moment I try to remove them from the mat
cant I use with my cameo
anyone have use this with their cameo ?
Is the back ground or sky black as it appears or just a dark blue?
is this needlepointed with wool yarn or floss
Why do nono of them say how many holes per inch?
What is the point size, 10, 12, 14, etc.?
Does this use wool as well as floss or is it all floss?
is this a stamped design/
needlepoint with floss or wool?
Can ice cube trays be used for the mold?
Can you use the melt/pour soaps as is for a regular soap, or do you have to actually melt/pour them?
does this glycerin contain lye?
Once you melt the soap, how much liquid does 2 lbs of soap make?
what is the dimension for the block of soup bar?
Is there a pacific way melting ?
Does this soap leave a weird sticky feeling on your skin? i bought some goats milk MP from Michaels and its icky. Was afraid all MP is like this.
Is it unscented?
Can I add some shea or cocoa butter to this, or would that make it too soft after setting?
can this be mix with other m&amp;p soaps like goats milk soap base
Does the pot work with an induction oven or will I have to get a new pot for that?
Does this set only come with one scent? and can you add any scent to soy wax or is there a special kind I should use?
What type of soy wax do you use in this kit?
Does this come with all that's on the picture cause you don't give enough details on all of what is there?
What all comes in this package?
How much soy wax is included?
Can you use food coloring to color the candels?
is the scent an essential oil or artificial parfum?
is this same as the magnetic platform used with thin dies?
If you have the Big Shot and buy this, you do not need the Solo Wafer Thin Adaptor, right??
if you have the extended multipurpose platform do you need the solo platform and shim?
Does this include the cutting pads?
Do I need this with the Big Kick?
Does this take the place of the solo platform, shim and wafer thin die adapter? Thank You.
I have been told I need this platform to match existing dies of Sizzix brand with Fiskars Fuse, right?
I have the big kick and the thinlit dies will I also need another shim with this?
If you have this, do you still need the impressions pad and silicone rubber pad?
does this platform replace the need for the solo thin die adapter for use with the Vagabond?
Are these flocked/fuzzy letters? Or are they smooth?
I am trying to make about 10 t-shirts that all say the same thing. What is the letter combination included in this package?
Does this include all letters? Or just the ones shown?
Will these studs be able to be applied on shoes like converse ?
how do you attach these?
Will these tarnish or be stripped of the gold color?
Can you wash it?
Are they three prong or four prong?
are they 100pc for 1.23?
Can I get them in less than two weeks?
is it possible to use these for a phone case
is it possible to use these for a phone case
how much is there in a pack?
Do I need other things to go with this kit I see the suggestions I guess what am asking if this is all inclusive and if not what else would I need
What's the dif btwn this and the 657900?
Is this more portable than the Cuttlebug. How much does it weigh and does it take up a lot of space in a suitcase?
Can this be used to impress thin copper sheets?
does anyone use this for quilting?
does it cut felt?
Does this emboss thin brass, copper, etc.
What is the difference between the Big Shot with the Starter Kit or the Big Shot with the Original Values Kit.
I'm new to crafting - does this starter kit come with a "magnetic" platform? I've seen it sold separately, so not sure if its included in the kit.
What size cards can I die cut or emboss with this machine?
why is it that the description says includes the extended multipurpose platform but people are saying it does not ??? Includes new extended multipurpose platform and a pair of standard cutting pads
I just ordered the Sizzix Big Shot. Can I use embossing folders in it that are not Sizzix brand? ie The Paper Studio? Thanks
I would like to know if the machine can emboss metal sheet&acute;s for decorative painting, with differents designs! Thank u.
Will it cut 6 layers of cotton fabric?
Will this machine come with everything I need for die-cuts and ebmossing for cards/scrapbooking?
What is the largest size paper this will take?? I love my cuttlebug but hate that I can only use such small papers....
will it cut fabric? I want to cut letters and numbers.
Can you use the new Cuttlebug Anna Griffin dies with this machine? I have a spellbinders and the new Cuttlebug dies are too thick!
Is it available in something other than this cutesy little girl look? I love my industrial looking red Sizzix but need something a little larger too.
I love my Sizzix original Big Red, but need a larger cutter too. Are the dies from the original sizzix usable on this machine?
do the needles fit the machines
are the bobbins metal?
Michley Lil' Sew and Sew 100-Piece Sewing Kit the bobbin's are metal or plastic?
Can you get replacement needles
does it work for mini
does it come in a case?
does this fit brother machine
what size are the bobbins
What sizes are the spools of threads? do they hold 250 yards of thread
Is that mersenized thread?
Are the arms poseable?
Are the arms removable?
can you remove the arms?
Is the item durable for seamstress?
Is the leg straight, or does it have that curve to it, like some of the pictures?
Can I order a metal heel/calf rod instead of glass?
can this be painted?
Are the fingers separated or stuck together?
Does this come with the base?
What size dress suit would I purchase for this mannequin?
How much weight do you think this can hold? I need one for a military display and it will need to support about 100 pounds.
Is this punch compatible with the "M by Staples" line?
Will this punch work for the 5 1/2 x 8 1/2 in size?
Is this compatible with the Staples Arc line?
For a letter-sized sheet of paper do you need push down each of the three segments or can they lock and you push once to punch?
Will this work with the Create 365 planner?
Is this hole-puncher compatible with the filofax a5 size notebooks? i would very much like to hole-punch my a5 rhodia paper for said notebook.
Would I be able to use this punch for card stock or polyvinyl?
Can it hole punch a laminated sheet?
it says 1-2-3, does this mean it's only a 3 hole punch or does it punch the 6+ holes needed for the arc system in one go?
is this used for the arc?
How do you apply the wax?
These are modern flexible/mailable wax not traditional brittle/hard wax?
How did it work when you guys lit the wax? I was expecting a wick like all others, but I see there isn't one. Thanks!
Does the seal stay put on envelopes going through the mail?
Where is this made in?
Can the wax be melted in the microwave?
How many stamps can be made per stick?
Do you ship to Canada?
Hi Everyone, after I heat the wax with lighter, the smoke? creates black splotchy areas in the red wax after I seal it! Anyway to avoid this? Thanks
Is this transfer tape clear?
will this make stencils for air brushing
Does this have any backing on it?
How well does this stick to wood? We are looking for a wide tape that has similar tack to painter's tape or masking tape. In other words, removeable.
Is the tape able to be used more than once?
does this have grid lines?
Is this medium tack? I am going to order from your website as I need other products but wanted to be sure I was ordering the same product.
Will you ship to an APO box? When I tried to place my order, Amazon wouldn't let me purchase your product if I selected our military address.
How big is the patch?
What size is the patch?
what is the size?
What are the dimensions of this patch? Thank you.
Help! I can't get them to open. Can you help?
How many are in a package? - Is it 12 zipper pulls for 4.99?
Does the package include 6 different colors, or are they all one color?
How long are they
How long are they
Are these acid free &amp; safe for photo's?
do the page protects have 12x12 papers inside and does 50 mean 50 -2 sided or 25
Can you confirm that each page protector will hold one 12x12 page, and not subdivided into smaller pockets.
Will these work in post bound albums?
do these fit all standard 3 ring binders
Can these be used with the fuse tool?
Will these work in the three post scrapbookalbums?
I have bought this brand before, love that they had about a 1/4 in clearance for the album paper at top of sleeve, do these also?
Are these interchangeable with the becky higgens project life protectors and will fit into pl binders?
Can these pages be used with the photo sleeve fuse tool?
I purchased these for my chalk board, it is a painted board. the other brand I ordered said in their writeup not to use on these kinds of chalk board
Can these be used on t-shirts?
Do these have an odor?
Can these be used on fabric
Can I use these on walls in which i used rust-oleum (sp?) chankboard paint. I actually don't want to be able to wipe it off.. Will this work?
can i use this on plain paper?
Are these washable? Can I wipe off easily off a chalkboard?
Are these safe for real slate chalk boards? I have an antique one from an old school room. Thank you!
Hi. I'm looking for wide tip or fat tip neon/bright colored liquid chalk markers for a black dry erase board, waterproof when dry. Are these?
Can you use these on sidewalk?
How many individual compartments are there?
Is there a way to latch the front closed so the drawers don't come out?
does it come with the cases
If the rack system tumbles over, would the beads in a clear box mix up?
Could the original rainbow loom fit inside the top box?
Will it fit coloured pencils and magic pens?
does this hold the rainbow loom and a lot of rubber bands
What are the dimensions?
How many spaces are there in the trays?
Will it hold Rainbow Loom bands
Could I melt these to make my own candles, rather than buying them?
I need beeswax for polishing driftwood. Would this work
are these bleached?
Where is the origin ? no paraben?
Are these pellets organic?
How many votives would this approximately make?
Is the process to make the beeswax "white" a natural or chemical process?
It says 100 sets per color, but on the picture it only says 50 sets. Why is that? Will I for sure get 100 sets per color?
Can you substitute pinks, purples and teals for these colors? The red, white and blue are fine, but I really don't want the yellow, orange or green.
I ordered this set and I received all orange snaps. If I reorder them How will I know I will receive the right colors???
Would it be possible to order this, but with black snaps instead of the white ones?
What is the prong size 5.6mm or 6.2mm?
which are the smallest size snap? 4/0 oe 1/0?
Are the sides of the bag sturdy enough to prevent it from collapsing?
what size
How many skeins of yarn will it hold comfortably and does it have separators for the yarn inside so they don't get tangled?
can it transport a Janome Memory Craft 6600p
my machine is 15 long, 6 1/2 wide, 11/ 1/2 tall, will this fit for me?
Whate are the inside dimensions of this bag
Will a Brother Dream Machine fit in this tote?
Are the wheels inline or straight line?
Are the wheels inline or straight line?
what are the dimensions?
I know this is a sewing tote but will 12x12 scrapbook paper pads fit inside?
Are the sides padded?
Does this bag fit a Viking Topaz 50 sewing machine?
What size/dimension are these?
what are the two diffrent colors like the tan but was just wonsdring what the other was please an thank you i really want one..
hi, where does this item ship from?
is this bag perfect for the sewing machine?
Does anyone know the main pocket interior dimensions? I have a larger sewing machine that I'd like to see if it would fit.
Does it fit a sizzix big shot?
Are the handles on top sturdy enough to withstand a lot of weight? The bag seemed heavy even when it was empty.
Sold only bag or as it is in the picture with all the tools we r memory?
Does it fit a silhouette cameo?
does this have a telescope handle?
are the products included?
I'm planning to buy this on my trip to the States. Do you know if it had measurements as a carry on or hand luggage for airplanes?
What is the difference between the Silhouette Portrait and the Silhouette Cameo?
What kind of blades does the machine require? Are they normal exacto blades, or some custom ones built specifically for this machine?
Do I go by the picture and conclude that this has an extra cutting mat (2 mats total) and an extra 2 blades (3 total) besides the two download cards?
Can you use your own images or do you have to get them from the store?
Does this bundle include the power cord and USB cable?
Does this bundle also come with the mat?
has anyone else had problems with this bundle?
this pack comes with the silhouette portrait cutter and all tools right?
Does this bundle include the Silhouette Portrait or do you need to order it separately?
I have a Husqvarna Diamond and it doesn't look like VP3 files are supported here. Would someone please tell me what is the largest hoop size?
Can it be used with pe770?
Can you create your own font using this software?
Can this software be used with Viking embroidery machines?
I am concerned that this product is made in China. How do I know that it will work?
What files can it export
Just to clarify, this is the FULL version and not an upgrade, right? Also, does it include photostitch?
is it compatible with window 8?
Will this program let you change jpeg files into pes files? I tried trial version, it wouldn't open a jpeg file, said it was the wrong file type. TY!
Does this come with any kind of warranty?
What's the langth and width of box ?
could you easily store crochet hooks and stitch markers, etc. in it?
Am thinking of using this organizer as a large vitamin chest. Would the plastic be tough enough to travel without cracking? Thanks.
Description indicates 7 inches of width (external), one answer says 6 1/2, which one is the correct measurement?
Will this fit washi tape that is about 2" in depth? I can see the product dimensions say 2" but will it hold 2" in height inside?
How many yards of thread?
Is this thread all metal, or is it a nylon thread that is coated in conductive material?
How many yards of thread in this spool?
Is this thread machine washable? I.e. wash in hot water and dry in a drier?
if i want to engraving in 14k gold jewelry so this machine possible
Is this machine capable of cutting nice checkering into wood gun grips (specifically, the 1911)?
Can i cat a hole on acrylic&#xFF0C;what is the biggest size and thicknee of acrylic can working on? thanks
does this work with iMac or macbook?
I just received the 3020 Laser engraver. It seems that the 'Y' axis bearing is bad, locked up. What can I do?
Is this a USA seller, and what kind of warranty does this have, and do they have parts for replacement
does it cut 3 mm glass?
Does this come with everything that shows in the last image?
Does it come with a stand as shown in the picture? if not is one offered as an option?
Can it cut from Adobe Illustrator, CAD or other vector-based programs?
When will this be available again. I would like to purchase. Thank You
Can i use this in the uk?
Does this model have 2 or 3 pinch wheels?
Will this work to cut wool?
How many layers of fabric does it cut at one time?
will it cut foam board?
Can this machine cut Spandex?
Can I take my art that is printed from my Photoshop files and cut or do I have to add other marks to do the cutting?
Can this cut 12 pt (100 lb) cover stock. We are attempting to make cartons for products. thank you
What are the height and width dimensions of the Gazebo die?
Will this die fit in any die press (such as the large ones in most school supply rooms) or does it only work with a machine from the same company?
please, what is the size of the die?
Is this plastic soft enough to put pins/nails into or punch holes in? I want to be able to attach earrings.
Hi, is her face slightly tipped to the side or does she look straight ahead? What is the circumference of her head around the brow?
Is this head at all comparable to life size? I want to use this to pattern a cosplay helmet, to be worn by a small female.
how do you use this to sculpt a face with clay when it allready has facial features?
hi when will it be available to buy?
hi is she the beautiful brown color you see in the picture?
Do the organizers have adjustable compartments?
Is this good for bead storage?
Hi, how many slots are in each of the storage bin? Thanks.
Do these organizers have many compartments, for rainbow loom ,and loom bands?
will this work to organize knitting needles and supplies?
How much space is at least about 5 inches? Want to use for twistable crayons &amp; have separate container for each kid for travel.
how many compartments are in each tray?
are the compartments removeable and what are the measurements of each organizer?
Would this be sturdy enough to iron a shirt or two every day?
what aree the overall measurements of the cabinet ?
What is the size of the board and where do you get a replacement cover?
How big are the baskets?
how big across is the roll. most of the tapes I have are small rolls about 1 3/4" across (new)
Is this easy to rip with hands or do you really need scissors to cut it?
how wide is this 5/8" or 6/8"?
I'm looking for mirrors for a giveaway at an event. Are these something that are going to cut people? Or break very easily on their own?
how much does each tile weigh?
Can they be cut?
I want to use these on a mozaic project, which means I would have to break them up into shards, would these be ok to use for such a project
I like to label my plastic food containers with a description of leftover foods. Will water work to remove the marker from the surface?
Can I use these on my classroom chalkboard?
When writing on a chalkboard with these, do they actually look as if they were done with chalk?
work on canvas
Will these markers come off of fabric?
are they erasable?
What do you use to take the chalk off when using them on a chalk painted glass?
Can it be use on chalkboards
If you use them outside will they wash away in the rain?
We have a sidewalk sign that is a 2 sided corrogated plastic with a wet erase surface. Will this work?
Can I use this with my cuddlebug
How many pieces come with this set and what are they?
Does this set come with the base die that looks like a VCR cartridge?
Does it come with the base tray?
Does this come with the Pop N Cuts Base tray?
Would this work on saddle leathers?
Can this be used to punch holes in shoe straps?
Does this work easily on small and large holes? Leather and plastic? What about thickness of belt? Does it accomodate all thicknesses? Thank you.
I see the question was asked, but no answer. What are the dimensions?
Is sizing in inches or mm? Thank you
will this hole punch go thru a nylon cinch strap ?
Can this be used to punch holes in fabrics such as faux-suede, cotton, and interfacing?
The product says "Punch sizes: 2, 2.5, 3, 3.5, 4, 4.5". Is that in mm? I want to punch a hole to insert an eyelet. Would size 3 be a 3mm eyelet?
Where can we order more of the 11MM jump ring, so crystal drops can be added to the end of crystal strands?
I enlarged the chandelier photo. It appears there are magnets on the ends of these strands for easy attachment to the chandelier. Is that accurate?
I cannot tell from the picture how large each bead is. Would like to know the diameter of each bead.
Are the links between the gems made of wire? Can the strands be cut and/or adjusted to different lengths with a pair of scissors?
what is the length in inches?
Has anyone ordered these gem/bead strands from AllHeartDesires? I think they are in China. How long did it take for the order to arrive from the time you placed the order? Thank you.
are the beads shiny?
What material is the item made out of?
How wide is this holder? Side to side measurement. Thanks.
What are the dimensions of the holder? I understand they will hold 12 x 12 paper, but my storage area would only allow 13.25" maximum. Thank you.
How tall is this?
will this fit in the IKEA Kallax cube shelves?
How many sheets of paper does it hold?
Is any assembly required for the Darice&reg; Vertical Paper Holder for 12 x 12 Paper Storage?
Can I use this fabric for Elsa from Frozen movie?Is the fabric color close to the aqua/teal color of the character's costume?Thx
what is the fbric content
if i order more than one in quantity will it come as one piece or in separate pieces?
What are the care instructions for this material? Can I machine wash delicate and dry on low or is it dry clean only?
I was about to buy this fabric to make a elsa dress but do any one know how to make it step by step? I really want to make a good quality dress.
Does it stretch?
Can I use this fabric as lining?
do these beads hold up in water.
I will be using these on necklaces. Could I get two identical sets so I can make a symmetric design?
How does your guarantee work?
I'm wondering...what is your quality control process?
Do these screw onto Pandora bracelets? (so they are true spacers?) or do they just fit over the little threads on a Pandora bracelet? Thank you
Do you have any beads that are for a Grandmother? I am making this bracelet as a keep sake for a grandmother &amp; she has 2 grandsons-any engraving poss
Will these fit on Brighton thin bracelets?
Is it possible if I can request at least the 4 that I very need the rest can be whatever? (Garnet, Amethyst, Aquamarine and Peridot). If I purchase 2 order of the gem, will I get duplicate stone?
Are the charms compatible with Kay's charm bracelets?
Do these fit Pandora bracelets?
What size are the loops it makes?
with this looper can you only use eye pins or can you also use wire from 18 plus?
Are there two different kinds of this tool?
what size loop do these create 1.5 or 3.0 or
Ive lost the instructions for the looper. Can you tell me where to find them?
I need to know is this tool the one that makes the smaller loops. I have the 1 step big looper that says 3mm but need the smaller tool.
Can this looper be used for nichrome wire (which is used in the making of teracotta jewellery)? Thank you
What shoe size are they?
Do these models have the bottoms fully covered?
What is the weight of the product?
Does the box come with a lid?
What are the dimensions of the box? It is not listed in the Amazon description, you can see it is in the picture, but can't read it.
Is this for just one box?
Will the molds work in the old crayon maker?
Can't open the lid when it's done melting?
Our melt and mold is not working at all, the crayons did not melt at all. Any suggestions?
I bought this for someone in Europe but forgot that it's US voltage 110V, not European 220V...what type of voltage converter do I need for it to work?
Does it come with the heating element (a light bulb) or do I have to buy one separately? If so, what kind of bulb?
does it come with crayons.
How long does it take to melt? Do the parents think it is messy?
what kind of batteries do it need and can i get an ac adapter for it?
if you put soap bars in can you make soap shaped crayons?
does the Melt 'N Mold factory come with a mold?
Would you say these would be too long for a child? My daughters (4 and 8) both have lovely charms from broken necklaces. Thanks!
Are the lobster clasps already attached or do I have to get out tools to do so?
Are they resizable? If I want to make 18" or 20" necklaces, can I remove some of the links somewhat easily?
do these chains tarnish or turn your skin green?
What size jump ring will I need to attach a charm to this?
Would I be able to attach a homemade charm to them?
do you know if these will turn brass after awhile?
are these chain nickle free?
20 Vintage Style Necklaces - Silver Color - 24 Inch - Rolo Chain Necklace - Lobster Clasp and Jump Rings Attached - Jewelry Findings - 3 x 4mm Oval Li
What are the necklaces made out of? I'm allergic to nickel...
What amount of stretch can I expect from this? I'm thinking of buy 2 yards x 60 in wide. What size could it possibly stretch out to? Steve
Can this be used for a swimming suit?
Hi. Can I use this material to make headbands? Thanks.
Some of the reviews say this is really 2-way stretch and not 4-way. Can you confirm?
It says that yards (36 inches at posted width) does it mean that if I were to buy 1 qty the size that I would receive is 36*60'' ?
How transparent is this material when being stretched?
Is this fabric machine washable?
If this material was stretched in front of your face like a morph suit, would you be able to see through it?
How much did I need to buy to cover 4 2x4 fames?
do I need a special thread to sew it with
can this be machine dried?
What materials does it work on? Cotton? Polyester? Blends?
Can this be used on suede?
Can this paint be used in screen printing?
Have you made any positive changes to your packaging, since I don't want to order a product that will arrive in a big mess?
Do the colors mix well to create different colors?
non-toxic?
Does it come with a paintbrush?
Is the surface good for artists to tape art paper on it and paint?
Is 12x18 the outside or work surface dimensions?
Is the machine accurate for the price?
Are the dimensions on the ruler in inches or mm? Can you move the slide bar both vertical and horizontal?
Does the board sit on an angle at all...in other words does it have legs or somthing to prop it up or does it lay flat on a table?
what is the difference between standard machine sewing thread and embroidery thread?
Does it work with Windows 8
Will this work with brother 400
how will it work with singer futura quintet
will this work in singer futura quintet
Does this work with Singer Futura Quartet
Does this work with Singer Futura Quartet
what fonts are included please?
Does this create monograms?
what comes with this? Any non stick pad for bottom or teflon sheet for on top of fabric? Are both the pressure and temperature digital?
i just ordered this heat press and im gettin use to it.. i was wondering what do i set the tempature on..
can you use this for hotfix rhinestone and nailhead transfers?
Can you do hats and ceramic tiles with this? Is there an add on for the caps?
I know you can use this for HTV, but what about photo transfers? I want to make some photo quilts. Thanks!
Has any used Heat transfer on dri-fit shirts?
How many times can you use 1 sheet of the paper?
What's the difference between this model and "PowerPress Industrial-Quality Digital 15-by-15-Inch Sublimation T-Shirt Heat Press, Black"?
Can anyone tell me how this works? I am using Avery transfers to print images fort shirts and iron on- Is this the same type of thing? Thanks
Can i use this to transfer photos to plastic key chains?
Does this come with a case and document to indicate the function of each presser foot? I see some reviews stating otherwise.
Will these fit Kenmore 158.19416?
is the walking foot open toe or closed toe
Will these feet in the kit fit a Brother XL2600i Sewing Machine?
Do you sell the needle guard foot for protecting young sewers fingers? Janome
Will these work with brother BM 3500 ?
I'm sorry for the lack of information given. My Kenmore Model is: 385. 1011180 , Serial 73015018
does thie product work with brother LB6800 project runway
I have a Brother Compact Sewing Machine Fashion Faces Decorative Skins 3125E....will this work with my machine?
Will these feet fit a New Home Model 110?
Last question....how long does it take them to dry on fabric?
When the Black dries does it really look Black? Some Black fabric markers dry and look Reddish Brown.
Would these be good for filling in a Bleach stain on Blue Jeans?
Are these good for labeling clothing tags?
are these good for detailing features on cloth rag dolls?
what colors do you get in this pack ?
Would these be recommended for decorating umbrellas? If so, any special technique tips?
Do you have to iron or heat treat the color after using on the fabric to set it? Or is it air dry?
Will these pens work on a black canvas board?
I have a bracelet that is a high polished finish. What is the finish on this clasp?
I need one of these but How do I know if it will fit the bracelett I got?
What is the length of the umbrella from top to bottom? What is the width when open? Thanks
does this parasol have a straight handle or a curvy handle like an umbrella
The picture color looks ivory/beige, but the description says white/ivory. So is this product white or ivory?
Is this rain proof&gt;?
Is this ok to use with Resin?
Are these made out of metal or plastic? Thank you!!
What types of adhesives are recommend for use with the domed cabochons e.g., will E 6000 work?
I want to put prints of my artwork in jewelry. What does one use to afix and finish these that is ok for the art?
Im getting ready to order the embroidex 4 hoop set will it work on my brothers pe770 I need the larger hoop and the small hoop
does it fit brother se 400
Do you need to have a digitizing software program to use the largest hoop?? I am a newbie and I'm just not sure.. I have a Brother PE 770..Thank you
Can these be used without a machine? ie bare handed?
Set came with 2 sets of templates for each hoop size, 4 are green and 4 are purple. The grid is different. Brother PE 770 - what color should I use?
do these have metal or plastic screws? the box shows plastic the hoop shows metal
Does anyone know if these hoops will work on Brother DZ820E embroidery machine?
Does it work on the Brother PE-750D?
can you use these for baseball cap and socks
Can these hoops be used on the Brother DreamMaker VE2200?????
How many beads of each design are there. &amp; is it possible to order a whole bag of the same design?
do you have a cpsia certificate for this product?
is the diameter of the hole suitable to fit on a dreadlock
What are the dimensions of this item?
I have a Brother PE500. Will this work for my machine?
I have a babylock Esante and 10 year old model and it uses an embroidery card. Can I put this stick in the computer and transfer it to the card ?
Are these 4x4?
I see the Windows 2000 or XP operating environment, will software run effectively with later Windows versions as well?
Is there limit switches available for this machine?
Dose this come with everything bout of the box to setup to my pc and start engraving that day, Software, Cables, Bit extrea. Not exrta parts to buy.
How big is the bed and what are the dimensions(in inches) of the cutting capacity?
can I use a photo of a person and make a plaque
I ordered this item and it came with a burned copy of software "mach 3". Ive tried to install it on my computer but it says software is out dated?
can you engrave metal tags for things like labeling conduits?
Does the computer download to the control box or does the computer need to be connected at all times?
Is this router suitable for making letters in small wood signs
i noticed that the machine can only run 1000 G-code lines at a time, is there any way to increase it's capacity?
Which one is the newer model scotch 085 or the atg 714
Can this dispensor be converted to 1/2" or 3/4" tape?
How many rolls of tape does this dispenser come with?
What's the difference between this one and the Scotch CAT 085 Advanced Tape Glider with 2 Rolls of 1/4-Inch by 36-Yard Acid Free Tape,Cure Pink??
does it come with refill (as shown in the picture)? How many?
Is this a Darker Pink and the Breast Cancer one a lighter pink? or are they the same color pink? I've seen a lighter pink and a darker pink one.
Is this tape 2 sided for scrapbooking pages
Does anyone know how to clean the adhesive residue off the wheels of this roller?
Will this work as a temporary adhesive on fabric?
What is the difference between the Scotch CAT 085 and the Scotch ATG 714 besides the color?
Do these fit right onto your sewing machine or do you have to move the thread onto a different spool for that?
Is each roll 250 yards or is that a combination of the rolls?
What is the diamter (and inner diamater) of the tube that the thread is spooled on?
will this work in a brother se400
will these work in my brother pe770 for monogramming.
Can i use this in a regular sewing machine?
is it 100% cotton?
Will this thread work for a Brother CP7500 sewing machine? Please help if you can. Thanks.
Can anyone tell me what all comes in the "kit"? Is it just the paint or? And, how many paints are included? I see 12 in the photo but its not stated.
I want to paint a glass dining table top (Frank Lloyd Wright style). Will this paint work?
Are the bottles easy to squeeze?
I see the advertised "kit" but how can I order other Martha Stewart colors for glass. I can't seem to find out where to find them.
How do you apply these glass paints to create a smooth look? What kind of brush?
is it a stain to use over paint
How long do they stay cool?
What is it usfulness in extreme humidity
Does it work if you wear it under a sun hat or does it need to be exposed to the air?
does this product get hard and stiff when dry like the frogg tog
Is this is one color or multiple color?
Can you use this for paper products too? I have a Gocco and I'm looking for a comparable screen printer to replace it.
hello will i still need a printer to print out my designs? and do you recommend a brand that would be suitable for this machine?
is this product good for just printing words?
Hi There do you ship to Australia an if so what is the postage and expected delivery time if ordered tonight . Many Thanks Jill
What are these charms made of?
does it come with the stoppers?
Why was a charm available a few months ago no longer part of the assortment?
Has anyone else had a problem with these charms leaving black residue on their skin?
do the beads stay in place so I can space the other beads as I want, or they slide on bracelet freely?
Will this tarnish if used in water?
Why was a charm available a few months ago no longer part of the assortment?
Hi, can you tell me what these are made of? Thanks.
What makes these different than the other cheap Pandora charms and beads available?
How does your guarantee work?
What size is the inside diameter of these spacers? I need the size to be at least 3 mm. Thank you.
How many are in one order?
Can i fit a rubber o ring inthe bead. So it becomes a stopper?
Can I use them on my pandora bracelet?
What are these charms made of?
What makes these different than the other cheap Pandora charms and beads available?
Are these mirrors glass or plastic?
Could you use these tiles for a kitchen backsplash?
has anyoone tried cutting these and with what?
What are the actual size to these mirrors?
how to adhere to wall
how is it different from the $399 model?
is it programmable?
how many amps does it draw?
Could you please tell me if this kiln comes with any shelves included, or are those sold separately? Thank you.
Can it be used in the home or should it be used in a garage?
Can I melt down gold &amp; silver with this unit?
can work at high temperature to melt platinum ? thanks
Can this be used to melt metal? It can reach the right temperatures (I need it to go to 2000 to melt copper) but I'm not sure it's otherwise suitable.
How long can this stay heated for? Will I have any trouble using a cycle that lasts 24 hours?
is this programed in F
How do you get the charms on?
Will either the Pandora or Kay Jewelers making memories charms fit this bracelet?
so does this mean its really 9 inches long?
Would you have to use round charms, or would it work with traditional silver ones?
Will this fit a skinny 13 y/o girl for xmas?
Is this surgical steel or stainless steel? I'm allergic to metal and can only wear surgical steel, very very important to know.
will Brighton charms fit on this bracelet?
Is this bracelet hard to hook?
Is this small enough for a little girl age 5
It is a large jump in sizing from 7.5 to 9 inches. Is there no 8 inch bracelet offered for sale?
Item Number 658448 Item Name Sizzix Bigz L Die - Envelope, Seed Packet Design Measurements 4" x 3 1/2" Die Block Size 6" x 8 3/4" x 5/8
this cutter supports Cuttlebug?
Is the product dimensions the size of the die or the measurement of the packet?
I'm looking for these for a wide mouth mason jar but can't seem to find on Amazon. Are they available?
How much does one of the glass weights weigh? Are they 1 lb each or 1 lb total for the three?
Is the glass lead free?
do these fit the 2 Liter Boss pickler jars?
Do these continue to glow time after time with exposure to light or do they start to fade and stop glowing after time like a glow stick would?
can it be mixed into silicone rubber?
does the powder have color in the day
I am planning to make body paint using a moisturizer as the base, are these non-toxic? Are all the colors safe to use on skin/face?
Does this also seem to glow during the day? And can it be mixed with resin?
Can this pigment be used in an injection molding or extrusion application? I will be mixing it into "acetal" type plastic and melting it at 450F
Can I mix this with acrylic paint? And I need to paint my room so how long will this last?
Can I add this to my child's bubble bath? I'm looking for something fun for my toddler.
Can I use this on skin?
Can it used for hand quilting?
Will this work for needle and wet felting?
How much does this roll of batting weigh? I want to use this for making Waldorf style dolls.
how thick is it?
will it come in one piece or will each unit I order be in one yard pieces??
How wide is it? Will it work for covering foam for couch cushions?
Has the material been treated with any chemicals?
It says washable, can you dry it?
does this batting have a scrim
How do you remove a snap ? How do you know what plastic die to use with the various snap sets? I see a mark on the die but hard to read
Can this work on a metal snaps as well?
Will these work for marine vinyl, what is being used to make "snap tabs"?
what size are the snaps?????
Will these work for thicker fabrics? A chenille?
Can these work on laminated card stock or thin chip board?
What size are the snaps? Are they all a size 20?
How does this release the molded product? Does it split into two pieces? The description and picture are not very clear. Any help would be appreciated
How do you insert a wick using these molds? It looks as though the examples do not have wicks and that the wick come out on the bottom? Pic plz
can you use soy wax with molds
If I were to melt all the pellets into a perfect cube, how big would the cube be?
Would a thin sheet be see-through? For example if I made a cylinder and placed a tea light or LED in the middle, would the light show through?
are these the same kind of beads that are used in temptooth?
I saw a tip for using sugru to make knee pads for kids pants. Would this product a) bond with fabric, b) cure to be flexible enough for knee pads?
If I make something (a mask) and need to add fine details to it after it cooled, could I use a wind-resistant lighter to carefully reheat the surface?
I didn't see it, but is this product non-toxic?
How long can you mold with this before it hardens mid project. Also can you add color to it rather than paint it.
Does it melt when the air temperature rises? For example, will it melt left out in the sun?
Are these the same as plastimake? Plastimake is obviously a "Name brand", but is it the exact same?
When melted does it become a liquid (chocolate sauce) or thicker (hot fudge... still spreads out if placed on a surface) or pliable (pressure needed)?
Do I need to buy the Pucks to raise it at an angle??
Does the product offer dual voltage?
How is it powered? does it require to be plugged in to work or does it have rechargeable built in batteries?
What is the size?
what is the width of the large brush?
Is there a scaper angled handle on any of them?
What material are the bristles?
What kind of paints can be used with these brushes?
How long are the brushes?
Hi, are the hairs synthetic? Thanks.
Are the bristles soft or stiff?
I am looking for a small paintbrush that I can use to paint glue onto fabric. Are these brushes firm?
What size is this stocking?
size ?
Is the All Aboard stocking 18 " and is it 10.99 as when I first checked or 12.99 when I checked again 15 min later ?
Would this case fit an iPhone 5c?
will this case fit the iPhone 5C?
How thin is this case? I am buying for a gift and I know they don't like bulky cases.
Does this fit the iPhone 5S?
I want to redo my motorcycle seat and would like to know if this fabric is waterproof for rainy days?
What is the actual size Length and width?
If I bought just 2 yards, will it come as one piece?
Can I use it to make clothing?
Would an order of 20 yards come in a roll or in individual sheets?
is it on inches or cm?
Is this softer surface or hard surface?
Can this be used with an exacto knife and can you cut fondant on it?
Dose it have strong smell? Is the material of the mat safe for children to work on it?
They state they're a USA company, but does it say where their products are made?
Is this food safe?
Is it 2 or 3 mm thick?
Does it contains chemicals that require a CANCER warning sticker when sold in California?
Can it be rolled for storage? If so, how tight a diameter? Also, if so, is it hard to flatten back out after being rolled for a few days?
How do these hold up to water? Do they tarnish easily? I know the epoxy stickers aren't water proof but, I'm wondering about the metal alloy.
Instead of using the the dome would it work with resin?
once sealed with the dome on top are they waterproof or will water leak in and ruin the image?
Hello, I'm interested in purchase the blank oval shoelace charms but the color of the picture concerns me. Are they a silver color or gold color?
How thick is this batting? What is the loft?
Is this batting machine washable and machine dryable?
Is this batting transparent? Can you see through it?
Is it 100% wool? Is it soft? I'm considering getting some to making nursing pads, I would felting them if needed.
What is the difference between Hobb's Heirloom washable wool batting and Hobb's Heirloom wool batting ? The package pictures look the same, but different colors.
What is the quilting distance for this?
So does it expand when soaked and contract when dried like real sinew?
how thick is this?
Is this made of nylon or polyester?
Wanna get some for a project I have in mind so I gotta ask how does it stick when wrapped around something does it need glue?
How wide is it?
Is this just for the embosser or does it come with a personalized stamp as well?
I am wondering, are the die plates replaceable later?
Do you need to use the foil stamps with this, or can you emboss directly onto a thicker item, such as chipboard or cardboard?
Can this be used as a book embosser?
Is the the set that comes with the acrylic gift/display box?
what design is on the personalized stamp? Do you have many choices of design?
what is the size of the die plate?
Can this stamp accommodate a circular design?
It says 3-pack, and costs 17 usd, do you get 3 skeins?
Do you truely get 3 skeins for $6.40?
how thick is it? is it thicker than a nickel or dime?
If I purchase 5 units, does that mean I will receive 15 skeins? I've read reviews of this product, and people have had problems with the seller.
What size is the leaf? The description doesn't say.
Is the punch open so you can see what your cutting?
Has anyone tried to use this with craft foam?
Will it go through shrink film?
How large is the punched out leaf ???
Is this the size you would use to make a 2.25 inch button?
Hi, do you know how much does it weight? Thanks!
Can you see what you're cutting out or not?
Can this cut thicker material like felt?
Will this cut through vinyl mat? Looking for something to cut out vinyl polka dot decals.
hi, can these b used on cardboard? i would like to make those cupcake boxes insert...thx.
Has anyone tried to use this with craft foam?
How far away can it cut from the edge of a piece of paper? I'm looking to have the edge of the circle be 3/4 inch in.
Will corrugated cardboard fit in this circle punch?
Can you see exactly what you're cutting out? E.g. to center the paper design in the middle of the punched circle?
for $78.00 I can get all Adult size in picture except the Rockstar which is one size fits most. Is this correct?
is the stencil eyes Fantastic 4 available in the Adult size?
what age group will these stencils work for?
Can this machine do ruffles
Can this machine be used with a powevoltage adaptor?
does this machine work on 220 volt ?
How does it handle heavier fabrics such as terry cloth, velour, denim?
What is the warranty on the Singer Factory Serviced 5500 Fashion Mate Sewing Machine?
Did anyone have problems with the foot press not working when stepping on it and the bobbin not winding when turning on?
Does this machine work well and will it last? I had a Brother sewing machine, but as soon as I started using it the tension started messing up.
Does this machine run quiet?
Does this machine have the traditional drop in bobbin? I hate the newer bobbins on the Brother machines, so I am looking for a drop in bobbin.
Does the dust cover have a handle so that you can carry the sewing machine?
Are bulbs replaceable or is this like a computer screen that won't go out for a long time? I need something with long life
One picture shows the unit at an angle. Does the light box tilt? If so, what is the mechanism the supports the box when tilted?
I am looking for a light box for paper tracing for quilting crafts. I see this said it is a tatoo tracing led light box., but wouldn't it work for paper piecing in sewing crafts just as well. I have been looking alot and I like the measurements to...
Can this be used to back light flowers for photography? Is the light around 5000 kelvin to best emulate daylight?
Will this light box work for cutting glass? I am wanting to use it for working with stained glass.
How much weight can you can it hold? can you stack a 12lbs notebook on top of it? or take pressure of heavy handed hands?
Is there a warranty on this device?
Could children use this as a light pad for examining color wands etc?
Could this light table be used as a mineral or gem display in a cabinet?
will this box work for tracing a photograph onto watercolor paper??
can it be used with spellbinders nestabilites
does the magnetic platform only come in the short length
Is this platform ALL I need to cut out (very) thin dies? Or, do I need any additional shims? Thank you.
Is this a magnetic platform for a big shot?
Does this product work with the Cuttlebug?
After you cut, can you emboss with spellbinders dies as well, or is this platform too thick?
Will this work with the Tim Holtz Vagabond by Sizzix?
I am considering purchasing a Big Shot Pro. Is there a magnetic platform for this or just for the Big Shot? Regards
Is this what I need to use the Pop 'n Cuts? To make these frame cards - http://smile.amazon.com/Sizzix-Pop-Cu...
Do you have to have this to use along with the magnetic tray?
Would this be good for transfering art to watercolor paper? (would it shine well enough through watercolor paper)
What material is the surface made of? Can you use a razor blade on the surface?
How many hours will this run? Is there a storage cover included?
How useful is this for animation? Would it replace an animation disc? Is it possible to attach a pegbar to it?
does it have grid on it?
Did anyone not get a cord with their light pad? The pad isn't damaged but of course won't turn on without a cord!
Can anyone recommend a specific bag for storage for this light pad?
How sturdy is the frame and the work surface?
? Difference between A2, A3, A4? is it the light intensity, or do they have different light sources? Does the plexiglass working area scratches easy?
Does it have clips to hold your paper in place?
what would happen if I added it to an oil based paint?
Did you use the very expensive brushes that they recommend for this type of paint?
I have purchased your additive....can I use it with satin latex paint. Also, can this be used with latex enamel .
how much additive do you add to a pint/quart/gallon of paint?
once i mix powder with paint, if i keep it in a sealed container, how long will the mixture last?
Can I use this producto to paint on concrete wall?
The pastas wax looks dull when I put it on..what's the purpose of the wax??? Best way to get a gloss?
Painted kitchen set..should I use polyurethane for top of table to protect?
Ok..I think I used the wrong kind of cloth to put wax on because I can see fine lint that does. Not come off when polished...can we eat on this?
How long in between coats and when should wax be applied?
Is this machine teflon coated or do you have to use teflon sheets?
I am wanting to purchase a heat press machine to press logos onto tee shirts. What additional materials will I need other than tee shirts will I need
The picture makes it look blue... can anyone attest to the actual color? Description says green!
Does this machine work with vinyl and rhinestones?
Can you buy attachments for this heat press?
mine doesnt cut off at the temp i set it at, any ideas? defect? it just runs to 550deg even though its set to 200
Is this a great press for sweatshirts, bags,ect? Also will use silloutte to cut heat transfer vinyl does it work well with the vinyl?
what type outlet is needed for this machine?? 110 or 220???? And is it made with US American power supply cord???
Will this press lock into position once down or do you have to manually hold it down?
Why does the temperature drop the moment it closes? Isn't it suppose to keep a constant set temperature? How do I fix this?
Is there any difference in the different color units listed on amazon ranging from $219 to $249??? Several are listed by you but all have an identical
Turned my unit on for first time and set temp to 325 F. However it kept rising, and started smoking. Is this normal first time burn off or something?
Can I apply rhinestone?
I can't get it to clamp closed. What is the trick?
what is the warranty on this heat press?
is this a good product for clothing
Is this easy to put together and to understand how to use it?
This item as a tool for adult clothes but the product description refers to Children sizes... is it for sure the adult placement ruler.
Does the placement ruler work for childrens shirts?
Photo shows adult markings, but description says for youth sizes. Which is it? Also, is it foam board or plastic? Thanks
Does this card reader work with the PE-DESIGN software
would a brother PE -Design card reader work in the Quattro 6000D
Does it have a print option on the menu?
Do u hook the card reader to your computer
Will the Card reader work in my Brother Innovis 1500D?
Is this compatible with a Babylock Ellisimo?
Can card reader write from PE Design 5.0 to re-writable PE memory card and can the memory card then be read in the card reader of my Brother PC8200?
I have a pe770 with a usb port,will it work with my Brother?
I'd like to know what the hook sizes are please
Can you use this hook to crochet on the edges of items that have not been hemstitched? Also, can it be used to decorate pillowcases?
Why would you buy an imposter over the original? The Sharp Crochet Hook.
Will this tool work on a double layer of fleece with worsted weight yarn?
Does this lay flat
Operates on 220v? Do you ship to Italy?
Can I display live drawing on the computer screen and/or projector? Does this tablet support it?
Does this product contain a power outlet or compatible with a usb cord being used on it? And does it have anything to make it tilt like the picture?
How do I adjust the brightness? I
Do you think it is bright enough to trace patterns onto medium to light cotton fabrics and/or light tan/brown linen burlap?
Could I use this as a back-light for scanning negatives on my flatbed scanner? What temperature Kelvin is the LED?
could you use a cell phone battery pack to power this light box without being close to an outlet?
Is the frame flush with the lighted surface?
can this be mounted or hung up on wall?
If I order 2 sets of 6 bracelets at the same time, will I get the same random set?
Is there a way you can send me blues ~ golds ~ NO PINK OR REDS
Is there anyway we can pick the colors ?
My fear in buying this is that the wont fit over my hand are they sizes good?
What makes them fake? Aren't they advertized Nepal Glass Bracelets? Is that miss leading?
Are the random six bracelets chosen from the 15 bracelets shown?
do you get to choose the color options you'd like?
I live in charlotte, nc. is there any way if i ordered today that it could be in by friday, december 13th?
White bulk size yarn is needed for a simple afghan? And about how much yarn do you need?
are there grooves along the pegs to help guide the hook in picking up the loops?
One of the pegs broke as I was using it. I was not wrapping the yarn too tightly or anything. It just snapped. How can I acquire replacement pegs?
Can I use bulky weight yarn?
is this faster than regular knitting for someone who already knows how to knit with needles?
Do you sell a s loom that can allow the gauge to be adjusted? I don't always have the money to buy bulky yarn.
I am looking for a s loom that will accommodate worsted weight yarn. Can I use one strand of worsted weight yarn on this loom?
Can I use Lion Brand Yarn that is from the Hometown line?
How many pegs are on this loom? Also,How big of a blanket does it make?
What is the gauge on this knitting loom, please?
I'd like to glue(?) it to a plywood panel and use it as a backdrop for framed pictures. Is that do-able and, if so, what kind of glue?
What is the best way to remove the wrinkles from this felt?
How thick?
is this fabric 72" wide like the other felt on amazon
This says 2 yd length, How WIDE is this??
How wide and what material?
can i use this fabric to make curtain for my baby's room? if yes how many yards would i need per widow if i want two curtains in a window.
It says it is 2 yards....so if I order lets say 2 of these, would I get two parts cut or 4 yards total???
how often does the full pattern repeat itself?
what size this picture? does the fabric looks exactly like the photo or does the photo is only a peace of the fabric (which means the pictures reape
Is the material soft - good for quilt?
does this fabric have a two way stretch? I would love it for a costume ;)
would this material be good for the headliner of a car or truck
Is this the trademarked Mossy Oak fabric?
what is the weight of this fabric? medium, heavy? I want to upholster some chairs...
How big is the pattern scale? Is the picture shown the 44 in x 2 yd?
What does punched mean?
Can this be ran through a copy machine?
Is this removable or permanent?
Does it have an adhesive peel off type backing? I think so, but I didn't read it anywhere in the description....
Can this make other shaped buttons, with different attachments or something?
I want to know if the machine will be ready to make 125 pin back buttons when I receive...what does "(not included) Graphic Punch Model # mean?
Is the circle cutter included (I see it in one of the photos, but not anywhere in the description).
How many complete buttons will the 250 button parts make? What about the 1000 button parts? How many total buttons will this make?
that measures the Button made?
Does it have to be assembled?
Does this kit come with a rotary cutter?
Is this flannel unbleached? Is it dyed?
Is this 60" wide then? $11.82 per yard? So if I wanted multiple yards, I would just order multiples of these?
What does the " low metal" comment in the product description mean?
It looks like you only have 3 yards. I would like 7 if possible, and it needs to be lightweight for bandaging. Do you have that much?
I am looking to use this product to line bonnets for small children. Would you say that the fabric washed well? ie did it pill? Thank you!
If I wanted to use this as a toddler blanket, can I use it as it is or do I still need to hem the edges?
Is this flannel sold by the yard?
is this the organic cotton plus, heavy flannel?
Is it possible to get a small swatch to check out the weight of this Cotton Jersey? I'm looking for something fairly heavy to make undergarments.
Would this work for making re-usable coffee filters?
Is this by the yard?
Is this large enough to glue on dominoes?
is the bail hole large enough for a ball chain?
what size are these bails?
Does 100PCS mean 100 bails for 9.99 ?
how portable is it? Will it fit into a suitcase?
how do i put it together
how to put it together
Will this easel handle a 5' x 3' foam-board backed drawing?
hi i have a whiteboard .....8 feet wide ......4 ft high ..... will this easel hold that board ? will it withstand the weight ?
Can this hold something "heavy"? I'm looking for an easy to simply display a picture, but the picture is on a frame so its at least a few pounds
I'm 5'7". Can I stand and paint an 11x14" stretched canvas comfortably? Also can it hold the galery canvases that have a depth of an 1 1/2"?
Will this easel hold a large sketch pad (spiral bound on top) and allow you to demonstrate drawing without the pad being wobbly?
sturdiness?
Is this a pillow?
Does this kit come with the latch hook included?
is the pattern printed on the canvas?
Also, what size or hook for a child? I need a simple one.
Two questions: is this simple enough for an 8 yr. old with no experience?
Does it come with rug yarn, too? what is binding material? What is it for?
Is the design printed on the canvas?
Is this suitable for a 5 year old?
will they fit a quart sized mason jar with a 3-1/8" opening?
Which jar will it fit? Wide mouth or regular mouth?
Will these fit pint sized mason jars?
Can you tell me what type of metal this is made out of?
Are the holes large enough to use for a tooth brush holder?
Does this screw onto the mason jar? Says specially made to adhere to glass, so does it just fit inside the opening?
Will this frog fit quart AND pint Ball jars?
Would I be able to fit two 4x4 designs in this hoop? Can I hoop one piece of fabric and do one 4x4 design, move the hoop, and do a seperate 4x4 design
Does it fit brother se425? Thanks
what size letters can this make? In inches please
what size stabilizer sheets does this use? I have 8x8 but I'm not sure if that is big enough?
I have a pe500 and have been told by brother, I can ONLY do 4x4, now this says I can use it with the pe500, if its a 4x4 machine how can I use a 5x7?
I have a Brother H120. Will this larger hoop enable me to do larger monograms other than the 4x4? I have one monogram that i can't seem to resize,
will this hoop fit the pe700?
I have a brother lb-6800thrd . would this work with that machine? it would be fantastic!
this can fit the Brothers SE400 machine?
these hoops will work on the sebrother 400 without any new soft ware ? the machine will adapt to the larger hoop size ?
what is diameter of stem, is it 1/16". I want the smallest diameter and are these all clear, they show colored in picture.
I want clear"
does the 5/8" long include the stem ?
Will this work on Chalkboard painted walls?
Can you use this on blackboard contact paper?
how long do these markers typically last just using them for simple tasks like grocery list or calander etc. Not for heavy drawing or major use. ?
Can I use these on Glass Magnetic Anti-Glare/Smudge Blackboards, or will it stain/ have a ghosting effect?
I know this isn't really their intended use, but are the neon colors completely opaque on dark and or heavily patterned papers?
I have inadvertently used my liquid chalk marker on a porous blackboard (painted board). How can I remove,
Will these work on black posterboard? Want a permanent chalk look
Can I use polycrylic to seal the saying after I write it? I want it to look like chalk, but will use the table.
These look like pastels? I know it says florescent but what does the purple pink green and blue LOOK like??
Can I use this on automobile paint(to mark defects in painted surface)
Will these erase from standard chalkboards?
Would these work on black craft paper?
I'm wanting to make a framed chalkboard by painting the glass of an old frame with chalkboard paint. Will these work and wipe off?
If used on chalkboard vinyl, can designs/lettering be easily with a sponge/cloth &amp; water? Does it leave any type of residual marking? Thank you.
How might these look when applied to wood? I'm looking to make some signs for my wedding - I don't need the chalk to wipe off. Thanks.
Will these work on Black Dry-Erase Boards like the one's made by Quartet? Will I have to use a wet rag to wipe off or will the standard eraser work?
Can this product be used on fleece material?
Would these pens work well on chalkboard labels for a pantry?
Can these be used on chalkboard decals?
Can you use this on chalkboard paint. Usually paint on two coats and would love to have these markers useful for these mini chalkboards.
Will spellbinder dies work with cuttlebug? Do I have to buy a c plate? I am a newbie.
Will these cut through felt?
Will these work on the Sissix Sophisticut? (The small purse design)
Would this work with Quickutz? (The old 2x2 hand machine)
how big is a letter?
Great on any die cutting machine..will I need larger platform for Big Kick? Thanks for quick answer :-)
Do these Spellbinder alphabet dies require the Grand Caliber or will they work on the Sizzix Big Kick?
measurements
How sturdy is this pin? Could I pin it to the top of a pair of jeans and attach a watch to it?
The item image shows 2 different pins, one from a side view and the other one with the wings spread so which one is it that you're selling?
What is the bonus item?
Please give measurements of pin
What are the dimensions of the pom poms?
Is there a string on the pom poms to hang them up or do you have to add your own?
CAN I USE THEM UNDER MY OUTDOOR UMBRELLA
Can I attach these to chairs as aisle decoration?
what is the size of large and small?
Can you attach them to a dowel to use as a centerpiece?
can i use these under my outdorr umbrella outside?
Can you use different size buckles? There appears to be at least a 3/8" and 1/2" buckle.
Does this do different braids? Two color bracelets?
How long of a bracelet will this make?
Where can I get the hooks/attachments that go in the holes between the two buckles?
Does this jig have the center hook for other projects or just the clips?
can you use this with other materials? like chinese cord or smaller. i don't use paracord
how well will this jig work with 3, 4 or 5 wrap bracelets?
Does it work with parachord?
Could you tell me if the clips are replaceable and how many minimeters wide are they?
from what size to what size can the paracord bracelet maker can do bracelets?
How big is the stencil? I need to stencil letters for a babies room. Would this work?
What are dimensions of chevron stencil?
What is this stencil made of?
What are the colors?
What colors come in this set?
Do these markers smear inkjet inks, or inks stamped from a standard ink pad?
would they bleed through thin paper, such as bible paper?
Are these good markers to write on ceramic to bake in writing?
Are these markers good on stamps, ie, to create an ombre effect?
Can you paint with these using water on any paper or only watercolor paper?
I know these are intended to be reactive with water and they will run if anything wet is applied over them. Spraying with fixative?
what are the colors
will it fit with cuttlebug?
Is it safe to use it with big shot and how
Can this metal shim be used in the Cuttlebug machine for die cutting?
What are the dimensions of the individual molds?
Can this be used for M&amp;P soap?
CAN THIS BE USED FOR FONDANT?
use with cuddlebug?
What size is the window?
Will this die work with the Cuttlebug?
Will this work in the cuttlebug or is it one of the thick dies?
what is the size once cut out?
I am not sure what you mean by 11 pack. Is that 11 pre cut cards or 11 different size circles. 11 of what?
What size card stock do you start with?
Can I make the card with straight edges too or does it have to be scalloped? Can I use a Sizzix Big Shot basic.
what is the diameter of the circle?
do I need a base frame to use this die?
can you use this in a cuttle bug?
How do the photos attach or stay on the pages?
Can you put two 4x6 and a 5X7 on one page?
Can I add or take out pages
will this hold an 8x10?
How many pages are in this book?
what is a universal keyboard
Some of these cuts look really intricute. I was wondering how they cut out. Will they cut out small enough for a card?
Will the Winter Wonderland cartridge work with my Expressions 2 machine or do I need to purchase the universal keyboard overlay?
Do I need an overlay for this cartridge? Winter Wonderland! I have Cricut Expression.
I just got an older model just called the circuit personal electronic cutter. Do the cartridgeswork with this one? Can I hook up to a computer?
Do all of the die cuts require layering? In other words, can I cut a simple snowflake in different sizes? Thank you.
Will this cartridge work with the new Cricut Explore machine and will it require the universal keyboard?
what is the universal keyboard overlay
can the winter wonderland and simple holiday cards cartridge be use with expressions 2 machine. it states orininal expression?
Do you ship to Newfoundland, Canada and if so how much for shipping.? Thanks.
HELP! Trying to decide between Embrilliance, Embird, and Amazing Designs Edit N Stitch. My question is: Can you import other fonts/alphabets?
Also, can you SPLIT a design in these softwares? My machine only takes up to 4x4.
Is this one for Mac or PC?
Does it work on Babylock machines?
I am interested in doing just some personal monogramming/embroidery, what machine would you recommend I buy to go along with this software? I
can you transfer designs to floppy disk with this program????
Is this a legal download of the program? I see many reviews saying it is a pirate version. Please confirm before I buy.
Will this software work with Windows 8.1?
I have a Windows 8 computer . I need to know if this will work on it or not before I purchase
I'm looking for something like Singer's Autopunch software for a Brother. You can scan images and convert them into .pes format, any recommendations?
Will this work with an electric leather branding iron? What temperature is needed?
What is the weight and dimensions of each roll?
can you use a hot foil pen with this foil?
Can this be used for T shirt screen printing?
is this 23 carat gold?
The back of the foil is brown or silver?
Hello, I am trying to find a gold foil that I use here at my business but don't know the name of (lost packaging)...it comes in rolls maybe 2 or 3 inc
Can this be put through a printer or a laminator?
can this foil be used on copier printed paper. Then put through a laminator.
Does this foil adhere to paper printed with laser ink, when put through a laminator? Someone who has it said no it didnt on the silver version. Thanks
What are the art for this cartridge
Does this fit the Expressions machine?
What kind of vinyl do you all recommend? Do I need a 12x24 cricut mat for these? Is transfer tape necessary?
Can you make your own custom things or do you have to cut exactly what it shows for options?
do you have to have a universal overlay to be able to use the Anna Griffin it does not come with a key pad
Where do I find a handbook for the universal overlay?
Does the packaging on the new cartridges show what special features are available? Usually I look for close-up pics of the overlay.
Im still confused...does the cricut explore (and/or catridges for the explore) require a universal over lay? Any insight about the explore is appreci
Does it come with Instructions
Is it required for use on the Cricut Expression II in order to use the "Simple holiday Cards" cartridge?
I bought the Anna Griffin cricut cartridge Winert Wonderland and it does not come with a key pad???? How do I use the cartridge?
Is it also needed for the expressions 2?
I don't understand how to use the overlay
If I use the Cricut Craft Room, I don't need to have the Universal Overlay...right?
Do the arms and hands come off too? Is the stand a calf attachment? Thanks.
What pant size is the mannequin?
How tall is the mannequin without the head? What dimensions do I need for the display case to be to use the mannequin without the head?
Are the fingers separated?
How tall is this mannequin, and what's the shipping weight?
Hi, can I schedule my own pick up through Fedex?
What is this mannequins measurements?
The picture you have is Rainbow Dash's cutie mark, but the title and description say Fluttershy. Which one is it?
My patch won't stay on no matter what I do. I've tried ironing and super glue. Is there something specific I should do when ironing it?
So... is this a Fluttershy patch or a Rainbow Dash patch? I need a Fluttershy patch for a costume.
Exactly how big is it? I'm planning to put it on a hat.
is this an iron on patch?
At what age this set can be recommended to use? Thanks
Does this set has any part that might not be good (or be dangerous) for kids of 6 year old or less? (thanks all in my other question btw)
What is the quality of this set ? My niece is 14 and she is ready to take a step up from grade school art sets.
What are the Dimensions of the box?
Is it made in the US?
do u do international shipping, i want to gift this to india, thank you
If I order 3 yards will it be one full piece?
i want to make a table cloth for a round table does the fabric come in pieces or a whole length example if i needed 60inches x 2 yrds.
Is it soft enough for a blanket?
does it come with the fabrics?
What is the fabric content?
Do you have matching backing fabrics available for the kits?
Remove old mechanism?
what is the length of both the hour and minute hand?
I need quartz battery movement 3/4" shaft lenght minute hand ornate lenght is 3 1/8 " prefer gold second hand...size is @ 3 1/2" clock uses AA
how do you measure to know what kind of replacement to get
Do you have to use the second hand? I would prefer just having the hour and minute hands since this is a living room clock.
Will this also hang the clock?
Can I assemble without the second hand?
Can I nstall kits with the second hand without it?
can be cut with scissors needles?
The mechanism I'm replacing is marked 12888 with an additional large CE. Is this the the correct replacement?
We would like to use these with chalkboard stickers (Ziggyboard specifically). Any experience with these? Are they porous like chalkboard paint?
Are these safe to use on chalkboard paint? Anyone with experience with these on chalkboard paint?
If I paint a holiday mural on the windows at my store, will I have trouble removing the chalk after two months?
Would this be safe to use on an plexiglass panel?
Do these work well on dark paper as well?
When its dry, does it look like chalk or more like a marker? I'm looking for it to still have the chalk effect.
If used on chalkboard vinyl, can designs/lettering be easily with a sponge/cloth &amp; water? Does it leave any type of residual marking? Thank you.
Is it possible to mix and match colors? I really just need a 4 pack with white, light blue, light green and light pink for my wedding!
has anyone tried this on homemade chalkboards (the kind you spray or brush onto a surface)??
Is there a teal color in this pack? it looks teal but I'm unsure and I've been misled before and it ended up being blue.
Will a standard pony bead fit over one end of the clasp?
I'd like to purchase these for a Girls on the Run project but would need to remove one of the ends to put the charms on... can I do this with this?
Will the non-lobster end fit through a 3mm-4mm loop?
Does the length of 17inch include the links? What is the exact length of the string only (no links)?
would pandora beads fit this chain
will murano bead fit over the clasp
Can i pick the colors?
I was wondering how heavy this fabric is. I am making table runners for a wedding and don't want that thin almost see through material.
It says it is 60" wide, but what is the length?
Do you think this is heavy enough fabric to cover a sofa?
How wide are the stripes and are they running the length (15yds) of fabric?
Would this fabric work for a ball gown?
I am making table clothes from this fabric....is it a full 15 yards on a bolt? I need it for 3 dining room tables 160" long
I am using this fabric for curtains, so I need 3 yards for each curtain. Can you tell me how much uncut fabric is on each bolt?
Forgive me for being a beginner- Is a vertical stripe on the fabric when the bolt is standing up, the stripes are running from left to right?
What is the measurement of the stripes?
does this fabric stretch
does the sticker picture of PR winner come off?
I find myself going to the seamstress to shorten pants every month. Will this machine have any problems with jeans? Thank you
Doe this machine have a free arm option?
Does it cut thread automatically?
Does it have any kind of cover?
Does it have needle up or down option
how many watts?
does this machine have an extra high presser foot?
What is the proper bobbin number to get with this machine?
Is there an overcast foot?
what is it for
Will the pen holder work with Sharpie fine point, or other Sharpie/permanent markers?
I am ordering the sketch pen starter kit. Do I have to have this pen holder to use those sketch pens?
Will this work in a Silhouette Portrait?
What kind of pens will fit in this?
Could you possibly combine shipping costs for a large amount of fabric?
would this fabric be good for a satin jumpsuit
can i embroider on this fabric with a heavy stich count
can i embroider on this fabric
I need 60"x18'(216"). How many yards do I need to order?
Is this a bit strectchy? Thx!
Does this fabric allow light to pass through it? I need black fabric that can block all light.
Can you tell me what the fiber content is of this? I am looking for a rayon/cotton or silk blend to do some burn out.
Will this machine be able to handle sewing of basic fabrics like jeans, cotton, fleece, jersey, etc?
Does it have a guard for the needle
Would it work on a thin quilt project for beginners?
Can it run on batteries?
can this be used without the foot pedal? by hand? looking for a good starter machine for my daughter, in a wheelchair.
is it loud
Does this machine take additional feet like snap on feet?
Will this machine be able to handle sewing of basic fabrics like jeans, cotton, fleece, jersey, etc?
Does it sew in reverse too?
does this machne have a pamplet to show how you thread it?
can this run on batteries?
Is it good for a 6 year old girl?
Is it possible to lower the feed dogs on this machine?
can i use this to sew fleece??
Does the foot protect fingers well enough for a child (age 6) to use it WITHOUT immediate supervision?
would this be okay for a supervised 3 yr old.?
Does it have a light?
I sthis a good beginners sewing machine for a 12 year old girl?
Can it be used with 220-240 V power?
how do you charge it?
hi 1 lb of van aaken clay isnt enough for this skull is it?
can i get by with 2 pounds of van aaken clay for this?
is this styrofoam like a strofoam mannequin head or is it different?can it break?is it life size?can i use aannequin head holder to put skull on?
what kind of clay is good for this is oil clay good?also how much clay do you need?is this life size?
does the skull have a hole on the bottom?
what is the difference between this and a full life size skull that has teeth?which is better to use to sculp with clay?
how do you use this if there is no stand?does this cratch or nick when using clay?will this last along time?
Does the xlarge hoop work well on the Brother PE770; I've heard conflicting information so I was wondering if any of you have had trouble with it?
Are these hoops the same quality as the hoop that came with the machine?
I ahve the 770e and need to do custom name that are 3" by 7. will the large hoop a;;ow this latge design?
Will they fit the Babylock Ellegante?
Will these hoops woks to monogram caps and visors?
Do you know if these will work on a Babylock Ellageo Plus?
Do these work on the DZ820e?
Which grid is for a Brother PE-770?
I have a Brother PC6500 what hoops can I use?
do these have metal or plastic screws?
Are directions clear. Is the appliqu&eacute; involved
Would you hand sew this project or use a sewing machine? This will be my first time, but I wasn't sure about this.
how big is the finished quilt?
Can you put these through a printer?
Do you have to use a special pen?
Can I use these to label cardboard boxes?
Can you use a gold or silver marker on these?
can those be used on fabric bins or do they come off?
Can you use them as name tags for people at a party? Will they stick to clothing?
Can you write in the labels directly out of the package or do they have to be prepped or primed first?
When you wash the containers with the stickers on them, do the stickers come off and have to be replaced or can you just write on them again?
does it come in tan and brown
what is the size--height and width?
How to apply this? Do you stick the pattern to the plastic first, then to the wall? Or what?!
How to apply this? Do you stick pattern to the plastic piece first, then to the wall?
dose it have lines on it?
would a thick sharpie bleed through the pages?
what is the quality of the paper? is it smooth, or grainy? thick or thin? would micron/sharpie pens bleed through?
Does the book lay flat when opened for drawing?
How many pages does it have?
What is weight of paper?
Is there a sticker on this book? Is it easy to rip off cleanly?
can you tear the pages out?
Does it come with a walking foot?
What is the difference between the DZ1055F and the PQ1500S?
What are the two holes for on the sewing bed to the right of the bobbin case?
Just got this, read the manual, set it up and it doesnt work at all! Light comes on but doesnt even make any noise when foot is depressed!
Does this machine work with a twin needle?
When I use the scissor button to cut the threads the thread snaps back through the needle and unthreads it. Why?
Has anyone put this machine on a long arm quilt frame?
Does this machine come with a walking foot?
What is the throat (harp) measurement?
How about leather , will this machine sew leather ?
Does this machine have a blind stitch for hemming?
I just received dz2750 with "lid type case. there's styrofoam glued to the inside of it. does that stay in the lid or is it to be removed?
How much does this machine weight with the cover and side table attached?
Is this machine good for embroiding?
Is a quilting foot included in accessories
Does this machine have free motion for quilting?
Is this compatible to use in India?
Does a specific side cutter/surging foot (#?) fit this machine? If not, Is this a low shank foot to find a generic brand to fit? This machine use 110 outlet?
for quilting may have seams that cross &amp; double at times does this machine seem to struggle to stay straight or keep flowing when thickness happens
for quilting may have seams that cross &amp; double at times does this machine seem to struggle to stay straight or keep flowing when thickness happens
Does anyone own this machine? Why can't I find it on Brothers website?
Is the Brother Designio DZ820E Embroidery machine Apple computer friendly? I have a mac laptop would I be able to use this machine?
Can someone tell me how to take off the dark blue cover? I want to use a ten spool thread stand with this and I need to take the cover off.
2 more questions 1. I want to applique tees using this machine what stabilzer is the best ? and what thread do I need? Best quailty
Is there any kind of prompt to change thread color. The machine I have now stops when it is time to change thread. What does this machine do?
I am a beginner and was wondering how do you know what your embroidery is going to look like if you don't have a color screen?
Is this machine compatible with any of the brother software packages so I could do a little more with my designs?
Can I spell out an entire word in one step or do I have to manually input each letter?
I am simply wanting to put my boys names on towels etc. for camp - will this machine easily do that?
Does this machine allow you to back up or move forward by individual stitches w/in a color or skip parts of the design?
Is this DZ Designio Line of machines like the 3000 and 2400 a higher quality, sturdier, series of machines than the Project Runways or CS600i?
If you've had this machine for awhile and have been using it, what kind of review and rating would you give it? THANKS if you could help!
Can this machine do free motion quilting??
Is the only difference in the "00" and "01" stitch setting the needle position? Why is machine trying to Zigzag when I have it set for straight stch
I am looking at buying this machine or the HC1850 with a goal to make quilts, using free motion quilting. Which machine should I get??
Can you buy a stitch regulator attachment for this machine?
How much space is there between the inside of the needle and inside of the machine? How much fabric could I push through that area?
How large can your monogram letters be on this machine?
What Brother model is available that is well made, not all plastic for sewing and quilting? I have a Bernina now that is about worn out.
Where are Brother machine made and do they have any metal parts?
In the description for this one, under threading, it shows the Brother 1034D- does it thread the exact same way? Can you really use all thread types?
Does this do a flatlock and also do rolled hems?
Every time I sew the lowerlooper thread breaks. I have changed the tension several times. What am I doing wrong?
Is there an optional extension table for this model?
Does this machine come prethreaded. I have a really old serger and it is color coded, but it is so hard to thread.
Does it sew heavy material well like it shows in video?
The machine jammed. To clean, I removed the stitch finger. Put it back, rethreaded; every time I sew, there's a loud clacking, stop, locked up. Help.
is this easy to use and is it quite
Do you have to put the thread through the eye of the needle yourself or does it have a needle threader?
When describing the machine, it states that the stitch width is between 3.0 &amp; 7.0mm, but the table says 5.0 to 7.0mm. Which is correct?
What is the deal with this Designio line.. I can find no information other than links back to amazon.com. Are they any good?
Is this the same machine as the Laura Ashley CX155 (save 30 extra stitches)?
I can do hem jean with this machine ?
Can I do Embroidery on this machine?
does this have needle down
what size bobbins
some body said brother sewing machine made with plastic only ? it is true?
I am a total beginner. Would this machine be too much for me? I like that it has a wide range of abilities but not sure if I'd be over whelmed.
How many feet did you get with your machine? The listing here and on Brother's site claims 12, but I only count 11.
Whats the difference between the DZ2400 and the XR9500PRW?
Will these also fit in a round floating locket?
are these crystals or plastic?
How can I order specific colors instead of 1 of each?
Can you order specific colors in sets of 12? Or is each set of 12 one of each color?
Is this still available with a discount for shipping if I order several sets?
I would like to get a custom order for a number of stones, do you offer that?
I would like to purchase 3 sets of the 5mm birthstone charms (set of 12) Would you be willing to charge less for shipping?
What sizes do small medium fit?
What sizes does this mannequin cover please?
Is the length of the body adjustable? Like the neck to waist measurement? or the neck to bust measurement?
Is it pinnable?
OK, I got the neck, but still don't have tapemeasures at the adjustments and when I turn it it doesn't stay it want's to pop itself where ever it want
Can you use this dress form for pants?
Does this dress form have the extended shoulders for supporting and sewing in sleeves??? THANKS in Advance!
I fit into this sizing but I'm usually at the bottom of the group of #'s and I'd like to use this mannequin for smaller people as well, so. . . ?
Can the top be separated from the base for display purposes?
What is the neck circumference?
what is the minimum bust and hip measurement
Can we adjust the distance between the bust and the waist?
What dress size is it adjustable to? What Bust Size?
what is bust and waist size my bust 43, waist 38 and hips 44 can i purchase this.
Is there any difference between the red or blue form? And if not, why the price difference? Bonnie
Does it have an adjustment for waist length (?) I am short waisted. Also any adj. for lower-sitting breasts?
Can you enlarge/decrease just one area? For example, I may want to just enlarge the hip area and not the waist or bust area.
What sizes are included in the Medium/Large Dress form by Singer?
Does this newer dress form eliminate the need to buy a small, medium or large dress form, because it can be adjusted to meet the needs of all? What is
Can you replace the plastic adjusting pieces inside the form?
Sizes of box? smallest, largest?
does this make pretty sturdy boxes? Would it be possible to make sturdy boxes to ship charms, trinkets, and earrings without them getting crushed?
Any paper types recommendations for this punch board that I can find here on Amazon?
Can this board be used to make envelopes as well or is it definitely necessary to get the envelope punch board?
can it make a 5x5 or 5x6 box and if so how do I do it? I have the board already but feel that I cannot make a bespoke sized box.
how many pounds is this?
I need 2x2x2 box, can this board make it?
what r the largest and smallest size boxes this unit can make? i own the candy box unit and it only makes very small boxes and very limited sizes.
DOES IT MAKE BOXES FOR 5X7 CARDS.
Can you make rectangular boxes?
What are the dimensions of the work space? And how high off floor? Its gives one but not quite understanding which one is length, height etc.
Can you access the storage compartment area without pulling the whole desk out?
Has the hardware been replaced on this product? In the past the hardware that came with this was of very poor quality.
How much weight can the unit on the wall support, and the desk when it's folded out?
I need this for a boys room and love the chalk board. Can this piece be painted brown?
I lost the hanging hardware to my desk. How can I get more?
Does this come assembled?
Anybody tried this as a makeup vanity? Are the storage cubbies large enough to hold little baskets?
instead of using chalkboard it says you can put photos...does a glass front come with it?
Is this white white or off-white?
What is the top temperature that this oven goes to? Also, is the electric ok for USA?
I want to use this to soften the edges of glass bottles I cut, is this unit suitable?
I just received my kiln and am very happy with it but I thought there was suppose to be an extra heating element included. Did I miss understand
I paint on porcelain and fire it at 018, will this kiln do the job for me?
whats the highest cone temp it will go to for firing clay?
Would this be a good kiln for a beginner in lampwork glass beads?
Where do I download the user Manual ?
can I use this to fire ceramics? Bisque and greenware?
how much electric would this unit use if used for 5 days, 24 hours a day? also, do you have a little bigger one?
can this kiln fire all clay including the sterling silver clays
Does this work with the Vagabond machine?
what is the size of the heart?
How big are these dies?
Is there a regular heart shape set of does that work with this set?
Can this presser foot be used for pre-made bias tape as well as fabric strips you cut yourself?
What is the width of this binder
Is this compatible with Husqvarna Designer SE?
Is this item compatible with Janome 3128? Thanks.
Is this presser foot for double, semi or single fold? I need it to be double but can't tell from the description (tape size 1 1/4). Please &amp; thank you
Is there a length limit this foot can handle? EI: 1/2 inch - 3 inch binding.
is this compatible with the Janome CoverPro machine?
what is the width of the binding used on this attachment
can you block needlepoint? I am finishing a pillow top started by my mother in the 70's and the canvas is very distorted
how large are the blocks
Anyone remember if these Boye crochet boards have a "blue paper label" on the front (hard to remove). or a chemical manufactoring smell that persists?
do they come just 1 per package?
Will these withstand the heat of steam blocking / ironing?
I tried to purchase 12 of these blocking mats, but there is a problem with the shipping charges. Shipping totaled over $80. Please advise?
is this one big piece or do i put each piece separately? also, can i leve the words off?
Does the tree only go to the right of the wall? I want to put the branch on the left side of my wall
What is the measurement of the height of this tree?
Did anyone else notice that the measurements are off? We found a picture that said it was 82" W/ 86"tall.Well it's off by at least a ft on H &amp; 6"W
What are the sizes?
how tall is it?
Those of you who love this... is it sticking to your wall? Do you have eggshell paint on your wall? Wondering why it sticks and why it doesn't.
Does it have to be placed in a corner? In the picture it looks like the tree abruptly stops on the right side, requiring u to place it in a corner.
what is the length of the Roll Package? I need to make sure that I can bring it in a medium suitcase. thanks!
what's the total size of this wall sticker ?
Is there a diagram or instructions? I don't know if I could follow just a picture-
does item include backing?
Can this be done on a sewing machine?
how big is it?
How large is it, does it take up a lot of space?
Is this item sturdy and is it easy to set up and take down?
Does it have a metal lining beneath the drawer or is it just in the drawer?
can it be used as a table top easel as well?
What is the the exact internal drawer space dimension? I'm wondering if my 12x16 glass palette (actually 11.75 x 15.75") will fit in the drawer.
Can it be used to hold a sketch pad as well as canvas?
Can the height of the legs be adjusted lower if you want to sit and paint?
I saw that you guessed the weight to be "about 8 lbs". I am not allowed to carry more than 10 lbs. Will you provide the actual weight?
Where is this item made?
the front legs, I understand how they swing down, via the wing nut/bolt, but the other end is affixed in an odd way that won't release. Please help!?
What are the dimentions?
Hi there, could someone please tell me if there are 17 slots per divider or are there 17 slots when you put the 2-pack together?
How high (deep) (tall) are the slots?
hi, on the lower left hand corner of the image it says "2 pack". do you really get 2 sets of these dividers with the purchase or just 1?
Would this item snag silk ties?
The picture shows multiple borders, is the fabric for those included as well? Do I get the facbric to make it as pictured?
Does anyone have directions for this quilt- it didn't come with my kit.
Are there written instructions so that a beginner would be able to sew this together?
Can I use an acyrilic paint and glaze or do I have do take it to a shop , paint and put in kiln. Please advise
I'm wondering how easy/difficult is it to get the lights through all the holes of the tree? we have to put our arm up 12 inches into the tree?
What size is the tree with the base and I would like to know if bisque can be fired with a glaze I would like to have a white tree. thank you
what sized lights
after this is painted does it have to be baked? or is it ready to use
Paper cutting, Is there a lip to push paper against to help with alignment or is the table completely flat? Has anyone used this for paper?
where do you get the booklet on how to use this product. Bought one but need to know how to use it. Help!
How is the fabric held in place so that it doesn't slip when cutting &gt;&gt;
Can you cut fabrics wider than 6" X 24" easily by using another ruler?
Can a pinking blade be used instead of a straight blade?
Your item description says "*The "Magnetic No-touch Blade Change Tool with 5 new standard blades", only one blade comes with unit
How many layers of fabric can you cut at one time?
is there a video to see how to use this?
I broke the needle. Anyone knows which is the replacement needle and where to get it ?
I plan on buying this machine, hopefully at the end of the week. I was just wondering if this machine is quiet.
How big are these letters when monogramming? Can you adjust the size of the letters?
other sewing attachments for 9100 machine
I've researched this machine, metal works--good. But are the needle cams and arm are plastic or metal? A picture indicates plastic. That's major bad
How good would this machine be for a begginer to learn to use?
does this machine embroider and is it good for heavy duty sewing such a upholstery, denim
Singer website lists this machine as new model. Since vendor deals in overstocks/discontinued items will they ship an up-to-date US market model?
can you tell me what comes in the box?
Will this fit a Brother PE-400D and be usable without any other adapters? (new to sewing and clueless, machine missing presser foot)
Will these fit my Singer Quantum 9910?
Will the walking foot fit a viking designer 1
Will these feet fit on a Brother LS2125i?
I have a Brother machine.
Would like to know the name of the 15 feet and their purpose.
What are the outside dimensions? Is it the Sullivan brand?
My Janome is 19.5 inches long. Will I be able to squeeze it into the lining? It looks like there might be some wiggle room...
I want one for am Ellisimo Gold II. Do they come that big?
Has anybody put it on an airplane and what were the results? Does it come in blue?
Will a Viking Designer Diamond Deluxe Machine fit in there?
Does it have a zipper around it?
Does it have a zipper around it?
What is the brand name of this carrier?
How many yards on the spool?
the colors and the number on the spools?
What Brand Name is this embroidery thread? Is it a generic for Brother?
I am new to this and just bought a Singer Studio S10. Any idea if these will work well with it? If yes, do I just stand it up behind the machine?
What is the the difference between embroidery and sewing thread? I'm looking for a set of sewing machine thread. TIA!
How do I get the end of the thread started? There is a tail sticking out from the middle of each spool but i can't get it to unroll.
I just received my order, how do I find the starter of the thread on the cone? Is it at top or bottom? I have never used cones before and I don't wa
Are these Brother brand spools?
dose anybody know how many yards each spool is?
Will these spools of thread fit snuggly on Singer 401 spool holder? Very slim spool spindle for regular size thread. thanks
I need the fabric for an awning that will be three yards long. Is canvas fabric thick and strong enough or do you recommend something stronger?
Can anyone give me the exact size of this canvas? I need material for a canopy on my porch swing .
ORDERING QUESTION- If I order a quantity of "2" will I get two yards uncut? Or two seperate 1-yard pieces? thanks!
Is the fabric too stiff for pergola drapes?
Can anyone give me the exact size of this material? I need material for a canopy on my porch swing.
could I make a sleeping bag out of this fabric.
I am trying to find beads to make rings with and also need the rings themselves. If anyone knows where I can order these please let me know. Thanks!
Could you tell me if these would fit into a miniture bottle about 3/4 of an inch high? And if not do you sell anything that would?
Should i be worried about not getting the right amount or getting poor quality?
Will these charms fit a pandora bracelet?
So I bought this cloak/cape for my daughter and she wanted to know if it was waterproof.can anybody answer this?
Is the material used more like the 1st image or semi-shiny like the 2nd image? Does it button to the side like the 1st image or just in the center?
how good is the fabric ? is it easy to rip ?
How would it fit a male with an athletic build that is 175 cm tall? (That's 5' 9", by the way.)
It this cloak manufactured in and shipped from China?
Is the design in the back an actual patch or is it just printed on? I would like to know before purchasing.
Hello I have a question regarding the symbol is it embrodiered as it states there are two different pictures showing one is just a printed patch
What are the care instructions for this? Can it be washed then hung? Can it be ironed?
I'm 5'4 would it fit me ok?
does it with stand rain?
Will this fit my 1408 | PROMISE&acirc;&#132;&cent;?
will these fit my juki machine?
Will this fit a Brother XR-31?
Being newer to sewing, but wanting to increase my supplies, What do you think is better? This set or the set with 32 that is also here on Amazon.
Will these work with my Janome Magnolia 7318 machine
will these fit a necchi 522 or 523? thank you
Does this come with the case and instructions to use each foot?
I just brought a Singer Confidence 225 stitch will these presser foots work with my machine
Is the rolled hem foot a "narrow" rolled hem? What is the size of the hem?
Will these fit on my Elna SU?
how does the scan &amp; cut compare to the silhouette?
Will it cut vinyl? How about material that is "peel and stick"?
stickiness of mat
How well is it to cut fabric? I'm always cutting appliques. I quilt a lot.
How easy is it to work with cutting out fabrics?
Is there more than one version
Can this machine The Brother ScanNCut CM100DM be used to cut out stencil making designs? A timely response would greatly be appreciated. Thanks
what is the difference within the scanNcut CM250 and this one?
im trying to cut out cardstock tags which ive pre printed, all are exactly the same but my scan n cut only recognizes 3 to 4 tags, help please?
Has anyone tried to cut/create word or letter stencils using this? Can it cut through the thick plastic stencil material?
What are the dimensions of this item?
can you compare silhouette to circuit explore
will I save money by buying the fabric blade bundle vs. the vinyl kit bundle?
can a C mat be used with blue machine
How does th cuttlebug differ from the big shot and which one is better?
What kind of dies do I need to be able to cut letters with this machine?
Do the new We r memory keepers 6x6 embossing folders fit in this machine?
whats the difference between the $55.41 machine and the 64.99 model they are both blue
I am totally new to this...my blue cuttlebug did not come with a "C" plate. Should I purchase one and what does it work with?
how does it adhere to table tops?
Is is the same machine as the anna griffin gold one?
I was looking to use something like this to address envelopes - will this work for that purpose??
Does it work with Sizzix Bigz dies
can I use it on any t shirt 50/50 and 100% cotton
What color is bubblegum and hibiscus exactly?
how do I choose the colors? It is not showing option at checkout
Hello I want to buy, but I wonder how much is because the roll? Thank you.
Can I use an iron to adhere?
Can this material be used with a silhouette cutting machine and a standard iron to transfer?
Does this need transfer paper or can i press it directly to a shirt? and which side touches the shirt?
Is the black heat transfer vinyl, glossy?
Is the black heat transfer vinyl, glossy?
Hey i wont to know is ever roll 4 yards or is it 12 = 4 yards
what are the inside dimensions? Im wondering how much storage space is inside
Can u adjust the easel to different angles to lean back farther?
How much does it weigh and does it have a handle?
what kind of wood is this, please?
Would a smallish stretched canvas fit inside on top of the dividers? Is it deep enough?
The wood appears to be unfinished. What would be a good finish to apply to make it cleanable or is it inadvisable to finish the raw wood?
Does the metal screw head on the board interfere with drawing on a piece of paper? How do you attach sheets of paper to the board?
Is this easel stable, or does it move around a lot when you're painting or putting pressure on it?
Can I fit a set of pencils inside? I'm a realism artist and i much rather using charcole than paint. Would that work okay? Fitting-wise?
Can you adjust the flat surface down to a lower angle and lock it in that position, like to do a watercolor wash?
Do you need to use with a computer and do you need internet connection? Can you cut images from your PC or only from Cricut craft room? Can it be use with IPad?
Does this include the machine
does the package include a power source?
will we need a punch to make the holes?
What is the recommended minimum age?
About how many come in a box?
will the smaller rivets work with the double thickness boxes? I am going to make the castle out of all wardrobe boxes.
Are these reusable?
does this work cardstock paper?
Product looks perfect for me, just wanted to know the diameter of the head? Thanks!
Will this machine work w/ the thick sizzix bigz dies?
Does this EBosser come with all the plates as well as the magnetic sheet?
Is there any type of cutting blade that will need to be replaced? How much does it cost? Thanks
Do you have to buy anything extra with this machine........such as an embossing mat? Does it have a handle in case the power goes off?
How much does it weigh?
Does it actually cut into the material or is it just a light embossing like one you would get to emboss n envelope with your return address?
hello. I am jorge. I want to buy the e bosser machine. Please let me know what accesories the machines comes with. because I want to make sure. tks
Which two embossing folders are included with the machine? There are two answere, both different.
What is the difference between this model and the original embosser?
How does it cut fabric
I am a beginner who needs sewing classes. Is this machine worth it for me? Easy to learn on? Or would it be a waste of money?
Could you machine quilt a queen sized quilt with this machine? Is the throat area big enough?
What does the throat of the machine measure?
Are you able to do 1/4" seam with a needle position or do you need a special pressure foot?
Is this machine capable of sewing through leather, vinyl and Cordura fabrics? Thanks
What kind of information is in the DVD?
Is this machine strong enough to do thick boy scout patches?
Is the lighting good on this machine for old eyes?
how easy is it to sew on buttons
Will this sew leather i like to make leather clothing and would this do what i need
Are they the standard oil colors? Aliz crimson etc.. ?
hello, how much is the cost of shipping to mexico?
hello how much is the shipping to mexico? thanks
How long do I have to wait until it is shipped?
What is the list of colors in this set?
Are these tubes super small?
About how much of a pigment would be needed to add the thermo effect to a regular .5oz bottle of nail polish?
Can I mix this with regular white paint, or do I have to use a different binding?
Can I mix this with the acrylic transparent base and use on business cards to make them heat reactive? Not sure how this will work on paper??
Would this paint work on glass?
Can it be used to dye hair?
Do you think we can mix with a polymere to create a synthetic color changing acrylic for nails
What ratio of pigment to a clear acrylic base should be mixed for the best effect without wasting too much pigment.
Can i use it to color ceramic mugs? Can i put it in the oven? would it lose its ability when subjected to 300 F ?
could this strop be used to sharpen a hatchet or ax?
Is there a way to clean the dark, shiny buildup off the strop, or is it best left on?
This looks like a great tool. Could you use it to sharpen a very small hand plane blade?
what are the dimensions? from the picture it doesn't look as if it is 11" long x 5" wide, yet this is what the description says.
How does the yellow compound compare to white jewelers rouge or green compound? New to sharpening and would appreciate anyone's thoughts.
What types of fabrics can I use with this tear away stabilizer?
Is this heavy enough for use with towels?
Can you print or trace your design then peel off the backing
Can I use this tear away backing with burlap?
Do you have to iron this on? How to you get it to stay put? Forgive me, I am new to embroidery.
How do I order multiple colors? I see all the colors I need listed in one of the listings, but I can't find a listing for each color I need.
I need 3 colors of tealights, 10 of each...blue, green, and purple. They need to stay that color. Do you have this?
Can you them in ice cold water. (Ice bucket, cooler)
would these be bright enough for a paper bag luminary?
Can I get them to stay one color?
DO THEY CHANGING COLOR?
I want to buy 7 12 light sets. I am wondering if shipping can be condensed down. It seems as if it is billing me for shipping seven times....?
Does this come with 8 balls, or only 4?
in the question and answers, it stated that there are four balls. I only received one
This product is shown with a small stand for each ball. Do stands come with this product?
Is this floss 6 ply?
Is this floss colorfast like DMC floss?
What is the country origin of this floss?
Would these be good for bracelet making?
what are those colors/DMC number?
How do you store them so that you can find what you need as you work?
is this #25 floss
Is this floss double mercerized like DMC floss? It doesn't seem to have any shine in the photo.
what are the colors numbers
is it possible to put jeans or shorts or something like that on it
What size shoes will fit? If there is a range, please note that. I am clothing a mannequin in 1800s style small button up shoes. Thanks.
Is the base included?
What size is the dress form? US clothing.. not measurements..
What size is the dress form?
Are the fingers separated?
What is the difference between the plastic and the fiberglass mannequins? Is the fiberglass heavier and more realistic looking?
What is the weight of the mannequin?
Are the eyes glossy enough to show catch lights when photographed (want to use it for practice portrait photography)?
Can you tell me how this is shipped? Is it shipped in an unmarked box?
Can the torso stand on it's own or does it have something coming out of it that attaches it to the bottom half?
Is this mannequin matte or glossy? Thanks
What is the shoe size on this mannequin?
Does it come with varying sized buckle holders or do you just make sure you have 1 extra of every size you use and swap them out?
What is the name of the metal piece that is doubled over with the screw in place holding both of the buckles? I need to find a 3/8" version of it.
what does it come with?
does it come with the string
What is the smallest size (inches) that can be made using this jig?
How long can this actually get? I need this for a different purpose than bracelets so it needs to get pretty long.
Hello - I've been buying charms with mixed success from Amazon and eBay. Have you found a favorite seller?
do this tarnish ?I want for bracelets Im making and dont want ones that tarnish.
good afternoon, I just would like if possible to send only one model, a long insert command to write to record a name
Could you please tell me the size of the pendants? I am looking for 25mm. to 50mm. Are they anywhere close to that?
How does one customer get a pack of 50 with all of them being different and 2 other customers get a pack that half are the same thing. how do I insure that I receive the package with all different charms in them?
Reviews and where can I find a manual so that I can read more about it. Is it like an embroidery machine also.
What features does the 9985 have that can justify paying twice the cost of a new 9960? Looks like just a better UI Display and more stitches?
Is it worth the extra money to get the Quantam Stylist 9985 instead of the 9970? It has more stitches but it doesn't have extra feet/extension table.
Is the handle to raise and lower the presser foot plastic or metal?
Does anyone know the size of embroidery design this machine will take?
I would like to know if the lettering looks choppy or if it has a more embroidery look to it? Also can you make the letters bigger?
I would like to learn to monogram with various fonts &amp; sizes. Will this machine do this?
does this have the capablility for twin needle sewing?
how large is throat or quilting area ?
Does the 9960, 9980, or 9985 have a knee lift? Does the 9980 or 9985 come with an extension table, and if not, can I buy one for either machine?
what size range of beads?
Do you think this necklace would break easily if an adult wore this while also holding a grabby toddler?
Where does this ship from?
How do you clasp this necklace without a fastener?
do you offer any other styles of baltic amber?? I can not access your shop online...
what type of fastener does this have. I can't tell from the photo. Thanks!
What is the length of this necklace? I don't know how long 120 cm are.. Thanks
How do you get this to stick?
How many yards are in the roll?
Is this product iron on? Would it be suitable for quilting?
Is this product iron on? Would it be suitable for quilting?
Is this product iron on?
for use on babylock embroidery machine?
how do you use it? it did not come with instruction. so I am wondering how to put the tape and everything in
Does it work with the thickness of quilted fabric?
What is the maximum adjustable size of this foot?
Will this work with a Brother CE1100PRW
does it work with the brother xl2600i sewing machine and is there any video where i can see it working
Will this work on Viking model #1
Can this be used for industrial sewing machine like a shoe making machine
Will this fit Singer 8780 Curvy sewing machine?
Will this work with Singer model CE-150?
Will this foot fit a brother ls-1717
Hi Golan and Pablo, I'm in Australia. When will international shipping be available. Naturally, I can't order until then, and you'll probs be out of
what is the maximum magnification of the Neo-Lucida?
Why does my image always appear upside down?
What is the optimum portrait size. Does the viewer and prism need to be bigger to get something bigger than 9x12?
Is this a good buy
is this useful for self portrait?
Can you change the angle of the prism to draw things that are on your desk and not in front of you?
Will this work if I want to draw from a photo?
Hi Golan &amp; Pablo, I received as KS Backer your invitation to buy at special price full Neolucida, but it's unavailable! What next? Thx, Marcin Konopka
any updates on availability?
Any problems with stuff soaking through? Planning to use for a painting craft. Thanks!
Can these be embroidered
Can these be ironed?
The colors shown are blue, green, red, orange and yellow. Are those the colors you got i.e. 2 of each? Thanks
What age would these aprons be purchased for?
HELLO! What are these made out of???
Why is goat's milk not listed in the ingredients list?
Hi every one. can you guys tell me how can I make my own soap? thanks.
About how many bars of soap would this make?
How long does the soap stay good for and are there any special storing requirements? Worried about bacteria growth.
How many regular bars of soap will 2-lbs make? Also, do you have to add any other ingredients? Thank You
What temperature should this be heated to?
in comparison to cocoa butter, how does this product lather? i like to shave with my soaps, so the more, the better!
Is this a supsension base formula? Meaning if I added lavendar blossoms or pumpkin spice would it sink to the bottom?
Why is this base so soft and greasy/wet feeling? I've let my bars sit for a month now (2 weeks longer than recommended) and they are still soft.
Also, if goat's milk is in the glycerine is the goat milk organic?
are the stitches even? is bobbin tension (thread bunch) a problem like most cheap brother machines?
how is this different from XR9500PRW besides weight &amp; few more feet? Are the quality of stitches the same? thread tension (thread bunch) problem?
Does this machine have Foot Height Adjustment feature? Or any feature which allows the sewer to go over a 4 layer seam + linings, etc?
Did this particular model come with a cover/carrying case?
What size bobbins does this machine use?
Can you do mirror images of the decorative stitches?
does it have auto thread trimmer
What is the voltage and watt of this machine?
Will it insist that I use certain feet for certain patterns, or can I use the feet I feel are best?
I would like to purchase a darning free hand, gathering, narrow rolled hem and a satin foot. Can I buy brand sewing feet this machine?
Is the shipping cost of $3.99 per yard?
Is the price of $4.19 is per yard?
If I need 2yards will it come in one 2 yd piece or 2 one yd pieces?
do you have to specify if you want one piece
Can I get exact measurements.......
Can I get 3 yards as one piece? Tring to make oversized bed blanket.
can I order 1.5 yrds
Is the backing fabric and binding included?
Does this include the back?
what colour is the border black or green?
Does this include the C clips. the pictures do not show orange, is all the colors in the description included?
Are the colors packaged individually?
Are the bands real or fake?
What is the dimensions / diameter of the cord itself?
Is this cord? (elastic core surrounded by stretchable cover) or is it merely stretchable woven fabric? Also precise diameter (2mm or bigger/smaller)?
Has anyone used this product for tie dying ? Would it be stretchy but firm enough to bind cloth ?
would you recommend this for straping party hats onto heads? strong enough? stretchy enough?
Does this come with the sights, vertical grip, and barrel attached?
what is the barrel thread type; the A5 thread or the 98 thread?
what sized barrel does this have
how customizable is this marker?
what kind of hopper do you reccomend
Does it come with its on loader?
is it light or heavy?
is it metal or plastic
What kind of stocks are compatible with this marker? Alpha Black? A5? or 98?
what is its psi
I need one brown glitter sheet...is there one in this package?
Can you use this vinyl with a silhouette cameo? I am new to using vinyl so trying to get good quality.
What are the colors...I need silver, tan, and brown.
How many sheets come in this pack exactly?
Is this permanent vinyl? Also what colors are included? I'm looking for silver, specifically.
Can this be "free hand" cut into small patterns to stick on clear, round Christmas ornaments?
I want to use this to put names on drinking glasses...can it be used for that?
Is this good for t-shirts
How many total sheets are in this collection?
Is there a larger width available, perhaps something between 28 and 36 inches?
I want to use this on the front of my refridgerator. Can anyone tell me how strong the adhesive is? I'd like to stick it and leave it and it stay flat
Can this paper be put through a printer to make custom labels that can then be punched out with punches?
I would like to be able to make labels for glasses with this. I see that it is repositionable. Does this mean it's likely not dishwasher safe?
Am having trouble erasing markings from the product. Any hints? I'm using paper towel and water but have "ghost" markings leftover.
Does it come with chalk? Do you need special chalk or is any chalk okay? I do NOT want markers.
Is this suitable for an apartment wall? Will it damage the paint after being stuck on for months?
can you use this product in craft cutting machines like a Cameo silhouette?
Will this product adhere to material?
How well does this product hold up to a glass sweating? Will it fall off?
Do you fold the fabric or roll it up in a tube?
two yards is gonna be in one piece
Is this 60" wide and sold by the running yard? So 1 yard would be 60" x 36"?
what are the presser foots included in the box?
Will this fit Singer Simple 2263?
Do these fit the brother sq-9050?
WIll this fit a Singer Esteem I do not see a model number
Can you tell me if these will fit my Brother CS-8072? Thank you!
Granddaughter received gift--Janome Hello Kitty #15822 (white &amp; red with/apple/tulip/bow knobs) but no sewing feet. Will these fit?
How to know which foot is for what purpose?
does it have invisible zipper feet?
I'm a beginning sewer/quilter and just acquired a Brothers Festival 461 machine without the accessory kit. Will these work on my machine?
During our recent move I can't find my singer sewing machine feet attachments &amp; want to get b Does anyone know if these will work with a Singer 7258?
Are these belts black or brown?
i'm around 4'11 or 5' and i weight about 100 or a bit more lb, can it fit me?
Does this include the "Y" shape leg straps that go all the way down to the balls of your feet? And would I'm 5'4 would a small work?
Does it come with the leather skirt?
I am about 5 feet tall and and about 95 pounds. What size should I get?
i'm 5' 2 ad i weigh 170 will it fit me? Are most of the belts adjustable?
Is this a one size fits all? im 5'3" about 130 lbs
would it fit someone who is 200lb or more?
how do we pick sizes for the belts or is it all one size
Is the lighter brown belt that goes in the actual belt loops of my jeans included?
What's under the nickel plating? Steel tips, but what is the body of the needle made of?
Any chance you know where it is made? Thanks!
Do the needles come with connectors? Are the connectors also available on amazon?
How long are the needles?
Are the cords flexible enough to use with magic loop knitting?
can the cables be joined together to make a longer cable?
Can it be shipped to the PO Box 119511?
Can it be shipped to Brazil, to the city of Maca&Atilde;&copy;, in Rio de Janeiro? Postal code 27980-000
Why do the screws untwist and come loose from the cable?
Are these needles laser marked with size numbers?
Can you put several cables together to make one long cable, say 60"?
how are the end caps used? I've never had this kind of needle before
i need shorter cables
Is it hard to see the yarn you are working with against the rainbow colored needles? I am young and have better than 20/20 vision.
How do these compare to Addi Click Interchangeable set?
what country manufactures this? and what country is shipping to us?thank you
The tip off of my size 5 rainbow wood needles just broke off!!!! What can I do?
Do these snag yarn or come apart during each round?
I use 16 inch cables quite a bit. does knit picks sell this size seperately?
Is the size of the needle marked on each needle tip?
Are these washable? Thanks!
Can you tell me the size of the holes please?
what size are these buttons?
I am looking for gray buttons around 1 inch. Do you have any?
Do you have the coconut shell buttons in a size between 35mm to 40mm? If so what is the cost?
are they flat or curved?
how do I select the size I want when ordering on Amazon?
What is the diameter of these buttons?
what size is this button ? How many mm ?
I'm looking for 1 inch buttons..is that what these are?
Someone said these are only for non-porous surfaces.Natural slate is porous.So these cannot be used to replace regular chalk?
Will this product work on chalkboard vinyl?
How do you get the liquid flowing without damaging the tip?
My fiance made a chalkboard out of sanded wood and then we used chalkboard paint for it. Will this pen work to write on that?
Would this marker work on a sidewalk, or would it never come off?
Will this come completely off a small chalkboard with proper washing?
I purchased this 4mm marker and it works great however when you have limited writing space a 1mm or 2mm tip would be better. Are these sizes available
So if you spray Paint a piece of wood with the chalkboard spray paint, is that still considered "porous" and thus this pen not advised?
I bought a self adhesive chalkboard liner intending to put it on the wall of my apartment. Will this marker work ? Will the color seep to the wall?
Would this work on black card stock for a permanent chalk look?
Will these erase off of chalkboard painted surfaces? I keep hearing that chalk markers don't come off if you have a painted chalkboard.
Can you use these on slate cheese markers?
We have the idea paint in our offices in lieu of white boards. Will this work on the idea paint?
Will these work on a black light up menu board?
Where are these markers made? Thanks you.
Is it waterproof? I want to use it on the super chalk labels showing on the "Customers Who Bought This Item Also Bought" sections
How long do they last? - school teacher
Can I use these on regular chalkboard (the kind you find in schools) and will I be able to erase it afterwards?
If used on chalkboard vinyl, can designs/lettering be easily with a sponge/cloth &amp; water? Does it leave any type of residual marking? Thank you.
would this item work on black plastic food cantainer and wash clean in soapy water? want to save $ in resteraunt
What country is this made in?
Can the lighting strip be moved from one machine to another?
what color is the cord please, white or black?
How long is the power cord?
Can anyone upload a photo of what you actually receive with this strip? I have an expensive Ecolux strip that I cannot use at all.
If I order 2 what would shipping be to Rochester,New Yok?
Can I use this plug in Norway
How long is the strip of lights and how close are the lightbulbs to each other. I understand that you can cut the strip off every third bulb, Correct?
Does this LED light strip have a regular plug or a transformer type plug?
Is this product only available through Amazon?
Will this punch through extra thick leather? I have a gun belt that is 1/4" thick and need to add a hole.
Will this punch through plastic? I need to punch two more holes in a binder pencil pouch.
can I use this to punch on clothes?
Will I be able to use this on laminated cardstock?
Can I use it with Eyelets that are as small as 1/16"?
Have you used this tool to set snaps in leather cuff bracelets? How well does it work? Are you happy with it?
Is this tool suitable for applying punk studs?
Anyone have any suggestions/tips on sharpening the punch heads?
Will these work for installing heavy-duty, marine grade snaps?
Are the 62 1/4" the open width? What are the closed dimensions?
Will it shake when I am sewing?? My biggest problem in finding a table to sew on that doesn't vibrate and ruin my sewing edges!
Is the cart made of wood or wood fiberboard or a plastic laminate?
What are the dimensions of the shelf?
what is the height please?
Does it drop down for a flat surface for the sewing machine
Is the back of this cabinet finished? This will not be up against a wall, but would be floating a bit in the room, so the back would be visible.
When the cabinet is open, is there anything blocking the seating space? Can you comfortably sit and sew unencumbered by a shelf or support?
Can you put a cutting mat on this and use it as a cutting table?
Can you connect two of these together?
can i use this kit for other rainbow looms? i have some rainbow looms.
how do you adjust the loom?
Will it contain any user guide?
this package includes the loom?
Does this come with a loom?
Are the bands latex free?
what color does it come as
what's youngest age recommendation?
The title of your listing says "Heart Rhinestone Ribbon Buckles Sliders" but your pictures and description says round. Before I orderk, please clarify
what size ribbon can be used to thread through these please?
Where does this ship from? I need to have them soon so if ordered today How soon would they ship and how long is delivery..
So are these made of metal and rhinestones?
What size are the buckles? Also, it says heart but shoes round, which did you get when ordering this?
Will two strands of your paracord fit into the hole together?
Is this lock the correct size to use for two strands of 2.5 millimeter cord to be held together?
I saw your other product it has 48 s clips for 600+ bands. Why does the 1000+ bands also has 48 s clips? I think that this should have more s clips
how many s clips does it include?
Would you please put glow in the dark bands refill?? Other bands dont reallly glow. Is there someone to whom you buy the glow in the dark bands?
Do they glow?
Can I order additional black pages?
Can I use the pages to attach full page poems, etc... or is this meant just to hold photos? In other words, can I glue on a full page letter?
How many black pages are there in the book?
Where can I order them?
What are the dimensions of the book?
Can you use these on CHALKboards since they are described as liquid CHALK?
is the blue a light blue or an aqua teal blue?
Can I use these on Chalkboard contact paper?
Other pens dry out quickly and/or don't write consistently, do you have the same problem with this brand after owning them awhile?
Can these be used on canvas?
Are they permanent? Most of the ones I've seen have been.
Do these markers by chance happen to glow in the dark? I'm searching for glow-in-the-dark erasable markers to write on glass
What size. Is the chisel point tip?
Do these work on chalkboard paper?
Can these be used on Black Dry Erase Boards?
I know so many use on glass and white erase boards. I am going to use them on dark chalkboard papers and need them to be bright and easy to write with. Do these do that?
DO these work on painted on blackboards?
Do these work on vinyl chalkboard?
Do these work on an easel type chalk board? How well does it wipe off?
I purchased these &amp; it won't come off my NEW chalkboard. How do you know if a chalkboard is non-porous &amp; would painting it with chalkboard paint work?
How do you get these off a chalkboard?
I was thinking of using these to have kids graffiti a mirror at a party. Do they smudge easily?
Do these work on chalkboard painted walls?
I got some liquid chalk markers...not these...and used them on my blackboard. They didn't work good at all. Do these markers here work on a blackboard
Will these work on blackboard vinyl panels?
Could you use these on a white painted wall? And wipe off at the end of the day completely?
could I use this on my black fridge?
Worked great at first. Now a week later no matter what I do (shake/press on tip etc.) they won't write on vertical surface. Any tips to solve this?
I recently purchased the Threshold brand chalkboard (from Target), can you please let me know if these markers will work on this product?
Water or Oil based?
What are the colors listed in this pack? I am looking for white as well as what I see.Thank you!
do these work on car windows? I have tinted car windows and want to know if the colors are bright
Can I use this airbrush system for watercolor and acrylic paintings, on canvas, paper or boards. Thank you
can this unit be used to do touch up car painting in smaller to larger primed areas ready to repaint or bumpers and entire replacement parts purchas??
does in need an additional tank? and is this kit all that I need to get started ?
Can i use this for painting model kits?
How much does this weigh?
I am needing a system for bodypaint/cosplay use (mostly face/hands/stenciling). Complete beginner. Will this work?
does anyone from europe order this kit ?
How long can u spray before you lose pressure
how thick is the compreeser
how thick is it and tall
Will this cut denim?
Will this cut fabric squares 12.5 x 12.5 inches?
Does it have 1/8" markings?
Does the blade have a safety cover?
Can this be used to cut long bias strips for covering piping cord??
Hi Donna, I'm having the same problem of not cutting through 1-2 layers of cotton fabric. Any suggestions?
is there a video to show how to use this
Do you have to buy a cutting mat for this?
Does the ruler have a glossy or matte finish?
Is this ruler cutter the same product as the SEW EASY Ruler Cutter?
Does this machine have a carrying case?
can I sew heavier cloths on it such as making a jeans hem
How can I get a user manuel for this sewing machine?
This may be silly but what kind of bobbins do I purchase for this machine? None of the bobbins have this model listed as compatible.
Where can I purchase a walking foot for this machine?
Does this machine have a speed switch so you do not have to use the foot pedal?
Is there a case for this machine?
Does this machine do button holes?
can i use this if i don't already have PE Design 7 or 8 installed on my system?
can this work with the entrepreneur pr-650 (6 needle machine)
Does this work with the windows 8 64 bit? I have 64 bit and the basic loads but won't work.
Hello, I have two machines, i need two boxes?
i already have the software pe design next version9.2 can i buy just CWupgradewith the 4 needle cutwork? if so the price
.Can i use this to upgrade from PE design Plus?
Is this a first time install or an upgrade?
can these be used with hand stenciling or only thermal?
Green or purple tinted?
These can be used to print on shirts right?
It says it is a 10 pack, but the description says there are 100. I am curious how many there are? Please and thank you ;)
i need free shipping how many bags can you give me for $35?
I'd like to buy a few of bags with specific orgins, like Costa Rica &amp; Brazil. Is there any way to do that? They're for a craft. Thanks!!!
Hello I would like to know if this coffee bags are resealable. We would like to fill these bags with beans and seal them, is it possible?
Is the burlap somewhat pourous? Is it wax coated? I wanted to use it to cover cactus from freezing and it needs to let air in. Thank you.
What size are they ? I am converting a pallet into a hanging garden and using the burlap sacks to hold the herbs / plants
Did you receive a variety or all the same print?
Do these work on chalkboard contact paper? If so, does it wipe off? how?
Will these write on car windows?
Will these markers wipe cleanly on wine glasses? On plastic wine glasses?
Can these be used on chalkboard painted walls?
Will these markers wipe cleanly off a chalkboard surface?
Do they have any relevance for craft users, e.g.. scrapbooking and card making?
How many inches of clearance is the from the right of the needle to the left side of the neck?
My biggest concern is with reliability and frequency of repairs with the DC2014 since I have had issues with both Pfaff and Singer machines.
I need a sewing machine that is lightweight enough to travel to classes, but will go through layers &amp; over seams well. Is this a good choice?
How many layers can this sewing machine handle? I have the Janome Magnolia computerized now. It messes up the timing when I sew through several layers
does your machine wobble? It seems like I am missing something under it. Like a black rubber dot that keeps the machine level.
Can you adjust the pressure on the presser foot on this machine ?
Can anyone tell me how this machine sews through thick seams and 3-4 layers of cotton fabric
I have several pairs of jeans I need to hem. Will this do the job with ease? Or would the Janome HD3000 be better.
What is the speed of this machine (spm 800 , 1000)
Does anyone have both the janome DC2014 and the HD3000? I am not sure which to buy. Do not need a ton of extras but 2014 has a lot of features.
Will they work with Brothers SE 400
will they work with singer futura quartet? class 15j?
Do they have the plastic covering on the outside?
Will they work with a Brother's PC8500?
will these work on a brother PE 770?
Will these work on the Brother 6700D Quatro 2?
Can I use this to emboss/engrave with Explore? Or is this just for scoring?
What is a bone folder? Also the explore air is on its way. This will fit right in, correct? No sep housing needed? Grateful for All help
I bought this thinking it's a separate tool, not just for the Explore. I have an Expression 2. Can I use it to score by hand, or should I return it?
I already have the scoring tip. Can I use that with the Explore instead of this stylus?
My project says put in the scoring blade. I have the Cricut Explore. I'm not sure what to use. I do have the scoring stylus...but not the blade with housing
Does the Cricut Explore have bluetooth capability integrated? Or is that something you have to purchase separately?
compare cricut expression and cricut explore
Will it work with an iPad?
does circut explore work with all cartrages?
How do you make the mats less sticky? I make my cut and by the time I get the left over paper off the mat it is not good for anything else.
Can you use the same cutting mats with one?I have the cricut 2
Where can we get the Cricut pens?
I linked my cartridges using the Cricut Craft Room. If I purchase the Explore, will I still be able to link my cartridges with the Explore?
Do you have to use their pens in the write/print feature? What are the fabric limitations?
Do you need to have the cartridge in the Explore to use the images or are they in once you up-load them once?
Does the base come off?
The rob mannequin , can I put combat boots on him and will he be able to stand on the platform the boots are 11 in tall does the hold.boots will arey
What kind of plastic is this mannequin made out of, and is it hollow?
Is this mannequin poseable? Do the arms move up and down?
I have a Star Wars Stormtrooper "armor" outfit made of ABS plastic. Could this manequin hold it? I also have a set made out of fiberglass.
ARE THE ARMS REMOVEABLE
How heavy is this mannequin? Also How tall?
weight with everything and the box to send
How dose the hat press work? how dose it heat?
when trying to heatup the press, why does it keep turning on and off
what kind of vinly will i need to be able to heat press onto stryo foam cups and would this press be able to do that..
Does this machine do rhinestones
I am having problems doing heat transfers to hats. I keep getting creases. Has anyone encountered this problem?
machine made in usa or china ? and can use print in cover of mobile ?
how big is the tshirt area
I need to know the power consumption on this product, Thanks
which is the voltage of the machine?
is the item quantity 1 will give me 15 necklaces having own 15 chains ??
Is it possible to add additional charms to the necklace ?
do the chains come with them?
Are these real bottle caps? Is any part of the favor plastic?
I feel these are great for girl favors, but what do you do for the boys?
How many yards and can it flow smoothly (not clogging) through sewing machine needle 70?
Beginner sewer with new machine on way. Are these appropriate/fit machines and good for sewing med. weight cotton? TIA!
Will this thread work in any machine? I am getting ready to buy my niece the Brother Project Runway electric sewing machine.
is it correct of 12,000 yards each spool thread ? i am just get mail from amazon but i see the spool is too small not big size like a picture showing
Which blue would begood for quilting with old jeans?
Will this thread work on my 25 year old basic Singer machine. Is the spool to big?
If I bought all the sets, how many colors are duplicates? Some of the greens in one set look to be the same color in a different set
Is this a preferred quilting thread? Is it better for hand sewing or machine? Thanks!
Thanks for answering my questions. Are the extension table and Cloth Guide included?
does this machine have a knee lift?
I would love to know what is included in the bonus pack.
Does this machine come with a cover? Hard, semi-hard, soft?
Does the knee lift come with the machine?
What would be the step down from this? I love it but I am not sure I will ever use all the fancy stitches....
what is mm for stitch width?
How many inches is to the right of the needle
What warranty comes with this machine? Is it the same as a dealer's? Where would I have it serviced?
How do you get the press to lock and not hold it the entire time?
My temp only goes up to 320 ,, why ?? What do I do ?
what temp and time would you use for sisterweed vinyl? I tried it today at 302 for 30 sec and it was not hot enough. this is my first time using a hea
It says it can do ceramic tiles, anyone know how to do that?
What are the warranty terms
What are the dimensions of the base? I just ordered one and I would like to build a table for it.
Does this Heat Press come with a warranty?
what temp does this machine go up to
Can you use The Kindle Fire HDX with the Explorer?
Can you only use the adapter for Cricut's Make It Now projects or can I use with my designs as well?
What is the range of this adapter? Thanks
Is it compatible with an ipad2?
Can I use this adapter on the Cricut Expression 2 5th anniversary
Recently purchased the cricut explore and BT adapter to use with my I pad. Cut out a few things but now it won't let me design and says I need flash?
Have the bluetooth for the explore but an old pc without bluetooth. Will any bluetooth adapter for my pc work?
How does this work? I insert the adapter into the explore, then design on my laptop (I don't have an ipad) and the machine will cut wirelessly?
Can this be used with the Cricut Personal cutter?
where can we get the wifi adapter for the cricut expression 2
I painted a wall with chalkboard paint. Would it work on a wall and erase easily?
I am a teacher and would love to try these on my white boards, mini chalk boards and windows around school. Please email me back. Thanks so much! D
How do these work with chalkboard contact paper - do they erase easily?
dos these look good and come out super nice writing on this paper - http://www.amazon.com/Sticky-Chalkboa...
Do these drip liquid once they are primed and being used? I've had messy liquid chalk pens before and don't want that again.
Will these markers erase from "slate" or a regular chalk board?
Would I use this item over vinyl white blackboard and erase easily?
For some reason I can't get these to write. Any suggestions on how to get the pens started?
Will these wash off easily with water? I am looking for something that will not wash off easily with water and will only wash off with ammonia.
do they work for just a paper sign
Does this updated model have a longer power cord? I read in another review that a nearly 4' cord is available separately -available through Amazon?
Would this be compatible with the Studio Designs Futura crafting station?
What were updated from the previous version (which costs less)?
What country power plug does it have? (US, AUS, european etc)
Can the surface of this light box withstand an exacto knife cutting and splicing images together such as copied maps or land plots?
what are the "Pucks"
Will it work with cardstock? What about Strathmore 100 lb (270 g/m2)? Will be using it for Calligraphy thus thick papers and envelopes. Thanks!
How do you replace the LED bulbs?
I live in Australia-will this product work with our electrical source and wall plug type?
How do i change the LED bulb when it burns out?
Instead of plugging the USB into a computer can I simply use an adapter in a wall outlet that accepts the USB (like you'd use for cell phones, etc.)?
Is the light strong to penetrate 100lb Bristol boards for comic artists? My current lightbox cannot ;-(
Instructions say 5 hours charge after 1.5 hours of charging: it doesn't charge? And the mini usb pulled the touch switch component out of the frame!
Is this good to view old negatives?
Did anyone else end up pulling the whole on and off switch component out when removing the USB? I got it back in, luckily! Unexpected!
what kind of adapter do I need if I want to plug it into outlet? (output voltage? 5V?)
Has anyone used this for watercolor paper?
Does the surface get warm?
Is it Gorilla glass or Plexiglass? How durable and scratch-resistant it is? Is the power plug American or European, etc. THX
I just purchased this for doing stained glass drawings, but since I travel I was wondering about a case that would protect it-any ideas?
What are the ingredients?
Could these color blocks be used to create a vintage ivory color?
my color pigments settle to the bottom why ?
It comes as two cubes joined togather so is the two cubes = 1 full block ?
What color blocks do you recommend to create a gold candle?
Can this be used for gel candles ?
Can this be used to make soap colors?
I'm new to candle making but want them clean/ all natural. If I can't see ingredients, how do I know if Im keeping them clean/all natural?
Will this work to dye beeswax?
If you only want to use a small amount of the block how do you get it off?
What is difference between upgrade kit and monster tail upgrade kit for rainbow loom?
does the loom have directions on how to make several kinds of bracelets? also which rubber bands would you recommend on amazon?
I am going on vacation on July 9th. If I order it today, when will it come?
how long does it take to ship?
what else do you need
would this ever break if a dog chews on it
So this is my first time purchasing a sewing machine. Is it easy to use for beginners?
Can it sew denim material? Like to fix a pair of jeans? Thanks
is the LED lit up pretty bright comparing to the bulb counterpart in prev models like XL2600i or XL2610?
What brand of thread is recommended? Buying for granddaughter and want to send her thread.
can anyone tell the difference between this machine (Brother XM2701), the Brother XL2610 and the Brother XL2600I?
It will work in India?
WIll I be able to hem denim jeans with out breaking the needle or the machine?
does it bring with the foot pedal?
Does this product come with a foot pedal? Or an on &amp; off switch?
Is the chassis metal?
I have never used some of these feet. Are there instructions included?
Does the 1/4" seam foot have a guide?
Will they work on the Brother SE400?
Being newer to sewing, but wanting to increase my supplies, What do you think is better? This set or the set with 15 that is also here on Amazon.
Will these work with the SINGER 7258 ?
Can I use this for a older kenmore 1942?
Will these feet work with a Brother Quattro 3 6750?
Will they fit babylock machine called Rachel?
Will these feet work on a babylock ovation serger?
Could these parts work on the singer simple
Hi there I had a few questions. What are the exact colors you get in the 20,000 bands and once I know that how many bands per color.
Hi, can you please tell me how much the package weighs?
Are all of the colors individually packaged or are they in one big bag? How good are the Hooks? What about the "S" or "C" clips? Thanks SOOOO much!
do the bands break break
Do The Bands Dry-Rot?
Q : Hi there, do the loom bands come in a box and if they don't why not
Q : Hi there, do the loom bands come in a box and if they don't why not
Q : Hi there, do the loom bands come in a box and if they don't why not
Q : Hi there, do the loom bands come in a box and if they don't why not
Q : Hi there, do the loom bands come in a box and if they don't why not
Where is it made?
is it worldwide shipping
is it worldwide shipping
are all of the colors all mixed up? or are some colors bagged together &amp; others mixed up?
is it worldwide
First time buyer here.It says "refill" kit. Does that mean I need something else to go along with this?
How many sun changed bands are there? When ordering the 20k bands do you get 2000 s hooks?
do these bands smell bad?
Is it normal for you to up your price for this kit by $10 in the course of the day? Was only $19.99 this morning, now is $29.99?????
how many bands per package?
This machine has feet that are all Janome brand. To buy the Straight Stitch Needle Plate should I look under Janome name?
What is the Throat length?
Now that you all have owned the machine for a while, do you still love it? Any issues that have come up over several months of using it? etc.?
Is there a hard cover made for this machine?
Can you use smaller spools of thread or just the size in the picture
Would like to know how many amps is the motor. I would have to order and am unable to look on a machine
Can this machine use Schmetz needles, or only the Singer needles?
Is the an attachment to use for the foot peddle when quilting on a frame?
How does this machine handle bulky fabrics and faux leather?
Does it come with the extension table?
If I'm using these on a slated chalkboard, does the board need to be seasoned first or will these markers wipe off cleanly without ghosting?
Are these markers recommended to do math problems with where I will have to erase constantly? Can it come off with windows with just a dry eraser?
Can l use these on blackboard contact paper or chalkboard vinyl?
I'm a teacher looking for something to use on my class chalkboard - will these work okay?
I am a huge fan of your 8 pack liquid markers (Fluorescent). Are these the same quality?
